I see no reason why secular shows should be required to mention your mythology.	0
Nearly all animal phyla* made their first appearance in the fossil record at essentially the same time, an interval of some 5 million years [ET**] (about 525 to 530 million years ago [ET**]) called the "Cambrian Explosion."51   Scientists have found that these early fossils exhibit more anatomical body designs than exist today, and that early animals, the trilobites, had eyes as fully developed as their counterparts today.38   Many of the Cambrian fauna, still survive today, all looking much like they did over 500 million [ET**] years ago. The prominent British evolutionist, Richard Dawkins, comments, "... [W]e find many of them already in an advanced state of evolution, the very first time they appear. It is as though they were just planted there, without any evolutionary history."51   Two places in the world that have an abundance of early (Cambrian) fossils; the Burgess Shale in the Canadian Rockies and the Chengjiang site in China.38   In Stephen J. Gould's popular book, Wonderful Life, he points out that the Burgess Shale Cambrian fossils include "a range of disparity in anatomical design never again equaled, and not matched today by all the creatures in the world's oceans."38   Further, these fossils contain some twenty to thirty kinds of arthropods*** that cannot be placed in any modern group. The modern arthropods, consisting of almost a million species, can all fit into four major groups. But "one quarry in British Columbia, representing the first explosion of multicellular life, reveals more than twenty additional arthropod designs." Today there are about 38 phyla in existence, but the Canadian, Chinese and other Cambrian sites reveal over fifty phyla.38   There has been a decrease in diversity (probably due to global catastrophes). This is the reverse of what evolutionary theory predicts.38   Besides diversity, the Burgess Shale shows exquisite detail, right down to "the last filament of a trilobite's gill," or the last meal in a worm's gut.38   The Chengjiang site has even greater detail, and is earlier. According to Paul Chien, the chairman of the biology department at the University of San Francisco, said the preservation is such that internal organs, nerves, and even the water ducts of jellyfish are observable.38   Researchers found striking similarities between the compound eyes of the Cambrian trilobites and those of modern insects. According to Riccardo Levi-Setti, "Trilobites could see in their immediate environment with amazingly sophisticated optical devices in the form of large composite eyes. ... The number of individual optical elements in the compound eye could vary from approximately one hundred to more than fifteen thousand in a single eye, a range not very different from that found in modern insects."38   The conclusion is that the eye, a complex visual system, was fully formed and functional extremely early in the fossil record. Obviously, this is not predicted by evolutionary theory.38   Until recently, the phylum of vertebrates had been considered a later arrival in evolutionary history. But not now! Even the vertebrate phylum now extends into the Cambrian period, especially with the recent discovery of two fossil fish in China.51   The two new fossils . . . from Chengjiang are the most convincing Early Cambrian vertebrates ever found. The insects and other land invertebrates are also a very important group, and these practically all seem to be living fossils.51   These complex animals were present at the beginning of multicellular life and did not appear later as is predicted by evolutionary theory.38   Evolution does not explain the abrupt appearance of complex forms of life early in the fossil record or these fossils' unequaled diversity. The implication of the Cambrian explosion of diverse, fully functional, and multicellular life is that evolutionary theory is falsified.38   Life did not start out simple and evolve into more complex and diverse animals; it was complex and diverse right at the beginning. This contradiction between the fossil data and the predictions of evolutionary theory falsifies the theory.38   "The facts of paleontology seem to support creation rather than evolution. All the major groups of invertebrates appear suddenly in the first fossiliferous strata. (Cambrian) of the earth with their distinct specializations, indicating that they were all created at almost the same time." - David Enock Associate Professor of Biology. BS Yeshiva College, MS Hunter College50   Even George Gaylord Simpson, Harvard high priest of evolution had to admit, “In spite of the examples, it remains true (as every paleontologist knows) that most new species, genera and families appear in the record suddenly, and are not led up to by known, gradual, completely continuous transitional sequences.”50   http://www.straight-talk.net/evolution/explosion.htm	0
You twisted logic strikes again. I realise that if a group of you were to take your guns and rise up against the current administration, you would all be labelled terrorists. This is not evidence that I support the current regime. How you could twist it to seem so is beyond me.   If I were to state that you couldn't take on a fully grown polar bear with just a short pointy stick, would that mean I am supporting the oppressive rule of polar bears? I think you should sit down and carefully think out what you infer from other's arguments before you keep coming out with these ludicrous statements.	0
This also applies to tapeworms. I fail to see how it is therefore relevent to any debate on abortion.	0
So once again you're steering away from the debate? I don't understand why your ignoring the debate and going off in a whole new direction even after making this same mistake in your last post. You're still showing that the Bible has a flaw in it and therefore your making up your own story about what happened. You're also making predictions about the future based on your own interpretation. I'm sure you won't even considered that your wrong about either of these things though I doubt you have any reason to believe in either of them other than you have the idea stuck in your head now.   [quote]The above fully answers the apparent contradiction you and others find in these passages. The reason you may think I may be presenting information contrary to normative Christian teaching is that you have picked a peculiarly thorny passage - something that skeptics of the Bible and enemies of God will almost always do.[\QUOTE]   It only answers the contradiction after you fill in the blanks with your own interpretation and of course your interpretation is based on your personal views and no facts. All the facts that you can work with are in the Bible and as of this moment the Bible seems to have a flaw in it. Your trying to cover this flaw with a story that you made up. I guess in your mind this makes sense but I don't think many Christians would even agree with you much less those of us who look for logic.	0
So you're saying that the theory of evolution is similar to ####, in that they both make large messes when they come into contact with fans?	0
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/06/18/op...18kristof.html	0
To each his own...if you got it - flaunt it. Think of all the pretty, fashionable gun rigs that would spawn. Darn sinjin, you might have to get an outfit to get a date Course if you carried concealed like say, Mike Hammer, you might have to get a bowler or little CS hat?   Think of all the jobs it would create. Leather workers. Engravers. Gun finishes. More stylish guns. Corner gun stores and ammo at the local grocery, mail order business and on and on and on.   "Posers"? That is about all there is in kalifornia now isn't it? It doesn't bother you to watch scantily clad women...or men, whatever your preference is; why would full free exercise of a right freely stated in the Constitution be any different?   Oh, and on topic, end the pathetic pleas of the brady cowards and howls from VPC calling for discrimination and getting sued for demanding a Starbucks or any other emporium banish a citizen exercising a right.	0
Well! I guess that just showed you guys. It seems that HeavenBound thinks that having a closed mind is a bad thing. And yet,	0
No, that's just the pork tacked onto the original bill.	0
Really, with C being between 1/2 and 2 million defensive gun uses per year. Or perhaps the hundreds of millions of legal, non-defense related, gun uses per year. When you compare the number times a guns are used legally to the number of times they are used illegally, B becomes pretty insignificant.	0
Is that a trick question? No, the tabloid and other gutter press keep going on about how bad it is, because they sell papers by fanning fear and hatred, and fear of crime is one of their biggest markets. Yes there has been an increase in gun crime over the years, but that's largely attributable to increased attractiveness of crime in a society where social mobility has come to a standstill. In any case the number of incidents where firearms are used in crime is still very small, which is why every time someone gets shot it is headline news.   Guns are incredibly rare in this country, the only time I've seen guns in real life (other than air rifles) is on a military base.	0
Actually it wouldn't. Since there is no rational, believable evidence for creationism, it wouldn't be any more believable if evolution were disproved. As an example, I dare you to start a thread in an appropriate forum and give us tested evidence for a global flood as depicted in Genesis. Good luck.	0
Well, it depends on your definition of retarded I guess. The standards to get a drivers license are really not that high. Think of how dumb the average person is, and realize that 50% of people are dumber than that. Kinda makes you cringe.   And you wonder what has prevented me from being in an accident? Well, perhaps the fact that I am a concientious, defensive, and skilled driver who excercises caution while on the road. Maybe next time someone pulls out in front of me, I should just throw my hands in the air and scream "take the wheel jesus!" I am sure some magical being will fly down from heaven and save me from crashing. Yeah...sure.	0
So then women who are pregnant shouldn't be allowed to   1) Smoke   2) Take any kind of drug that could possibly harm the child   3) Drink   or do any otherwise legal action?   And VOR takes another giant step towards fascism.	0
no, you just live on delusions.   you can't argue the merits of creationism on their own because they don't exist.   Creationism is a fraud regardless of the existance of evolution.	0
well...you gotta point there.	0
Why conception? When a mature ovum leaves the ovary, it has every potential of turning into a human being. How dare I stand idly by while that potential life is wasted, unfertilized? No; clearly, it is my duty to try to reach that ovum with my seed. God said to be fruitful and multiply, so I am just following God's will.	0
After. Christian fundamentalism is somewhat recent. It arose as a backlash to discoveries being made in science in the 19th century. From one follower of a 7th Day Adventist prophetess came "flood geology" in the early 20th century. Later, in the renewal of interest in the adequate teaching of science in the U.S. in the 1960s, there arose more modern "creation science." It began by adopting the flood geology of the 7th Day Adventists as the base.   Creation science begins with the assertion the the creation stories, the flood story, even the mythology of Job and Jonah, are literally true. Creation scientists then attempt to distort the evidence to support this particular version of the Bible. When creationists realized that the biological evolution of species does occur, they decided that God had created original "kinds" and then allow hyper evolution after that. Creationists call hyperevolution variation in kind.	0
A taste of what could be our future if the left has its way.	0
Such as?	0
Wow. A very unusual and distressing story, and probably why saline abortions are no longer used.   It is very unfortunate for her to have to live with that disability.	0
As the Christian Right's poster boy, this is hugely damaging, don't you think? Also makes him very hypocritical (or, dare I say, a FLIPFLOPPER?! ) since he is campaigning against open abortion now.	0
But I would have been interested in hearing how you explained the above points. My post was a quick hack job, looked up in a few books that I have along with stuff that I remember from my reading. I may have made an error and would be interested in hearing about it. Maybe I can defend my point of view, maybe I can't.   If you put time and effort into a response, why delete it. Redundant posts happen. ss/ww won't pay attention anyway and maybe he would respond to you. He runs from me because he always seems to make himself look like a fool and he realizes it.	0
I'll have to apologize here, SoC. I confused you with another poster who also used Christ in his handle. You didn't run from the topic because you weren't the OP of that thread. Sorry about that.   If you'd still like to approach that thread, I'll respond and provide the link, but all readers should be clear that my accusation that SoC scampered away was mistaken, and any willingness to address the arguments would be solely to SoC's credit.	0
And the answer is: we don't know. Maybe it came from nowhere. Maybe it was created. We don't know.	0
Because I don't feel like copying and pasting articles into a forum when they can be easily accessed online. But for a quick summary: The CCR-5 gene mutation is present in about 15% of caucasians, with 1% having the homogeneous version. These 1% are completely immune. The heterogeneous people possess some immunity.	0
Muslims.	0
And what does Marc do?   Try to change the subject.	0
Because everyone is equal in the eyes of the law, and rightly so. As for moral standing, you see no problem with equating his immoral behaviour with your own response. Most would.	0
Yes, I've noticed that. I do think part of the problem is that he hasn't bothered to get educated in the subject. From the arguments I've seen from him over the time he's been here he seems to rely on YEC websites for information, and when he gets to something he doesn't know it seems like he cuts-and-pastes (often without fuly reading) from google (leading to the Civil War Dinosaur fiasco and the Nazca stones fiasco) that seems to support his views	0
And science helped Stenger write his book. How can the same subject make a stronger case for both of two completely opposing viewpoints?   another	0
False. See above.	0
Why is that propoganda? It's exactly what you do.	0
That's the thing, though; even a self-professed non-expert can perfectly well refute the ridiculous points supersport continually spouts. supersport, on the other hand, doesn't know any better.	0
Pregnancy is always harmful to the woman's body. However, if the pregnancy is desired then the changes are welcomed by the woman.   To a woman who does not want to be pregnant then those changes are very unwelcome and are a bad thing. Pregnancy is always harmful, but the perception of what is happening changes depending on the woman.   You do not understand that whether or not pregnancy harms the woman's body is objective, but whether or not the woman wants the pregnancy anyway depends on the woman. You are mixing the two.	0
But then, there also is absolutely no evidence for such an intelligence.	0
Object to the woman being required to remain pregnant when she does not want to be.	0
You pointed out someone that had 6 fingers.   I said that making a copy is not creating anything new, I never mentioned anything about reproduction.	0
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahaha. The deliberately out-of-context quotes again that directly contradict the conclusions of the authors.	0
Well they'd be the experts on it; most of their members have been ruled as fitting under said category.   Let's face facts. Nobody who's in their right mind could actually believe the kind of nonsense they spread.	0
Actually, submitting samples that will return bogus dates is dishonest. Creationists have done this several times.	0
So why should merchant ships be required to go unarmed and defenseless in dangerous areas?	0
But they didn't have sexual relations. This was from a sperm bank- there was nothing that made the two people create one being.   Nonetheless, this is a side issue for future debates. My main point is homosexuality is a disorder that the government shouldn't be condoning. The government obviously doesn't condone pedophilia, poligamy, and incest. Why is the government condoning homosexuality?	0
Prove it. Got any credible scientific or sociological studies? NOPE, ya don't. Didn't think so.	0
Do you mean someone who was wrong? I asked you before to give an example of where Newton found empirical evidence of God. You failed to do so. I suspect that you can't.	0
Well let me put it like this, I consider it your duty because if you don't protect yourself then you basically shift that responsibility to someone else. Not only is this incredibly selfish, but 9 out of 10 times the 'protection business' gets outsourced to the State.   This in itself it dangerous because when people decide that a third party like the State (which has no real accountability) has control over their lives it can all to easily lead to a situation where the State becomes tyrannical.   More people have been killed by their own government than by any foreign government.	0
See above, please cite.	0
**   Nor do I think you at all stupid. I do not debate stupid people, there is no challenge in it. Nor do I debate arrant foolishness and irrational notions such as biblical literalism. It's no more challenging than shooting fish in a barrel, and no more satisfying than destroying a child's faith in the tooth fairy.   But I do take offence at you characterizing my ability to reason logically and to think with some originality as being nothing more than 'manipulation' and sophistry.	0
Do the words "govt. by the people and for the people" not matter to you at all? Furthermore, to say that the constitution shouldn't be allowed under the vote of the people itself in unconstitutional, since that's the only way the Constitution CAN be amended. (2/3 of states)   A country that uses judges to determine such sweeping things as redefining marriage is a "legistocracy", which we are quickly turning into as a nation. Even though judges are supposed to interpret the constitution, it's still putting the fate of the people in the hands of individuals regarding their laws. This is not very far removed from monarchy. Personally, I think our founding fathers and the Constitutional framers are rolling over in their graves right now.	0
No. You're missing the point. Al wants you to think all we have to do is stop emitting CO2. He wants you to fear something that he knows how to fix...so you'll give him prizes for being a genius and solving the problem.   Al Gore is a shyster...just like Michael Moore. Documentary, my XXX!   Tell me, what has caused the global warming on Mars?...Jupiter? I understand the temperatures there have been rising more in the past few years than before. Think it could be resulting from their industrial age?   ...and he's pretty much a hypocrit about what we should do. Check the stats on his personal home. Check the emissions rating of his antique private jet. He claims to be doing his part by leading a carbon neutral life...which means he merely paid for permission to continue polluting the earth with his inefficient means of private transportation and his energy sucking home.   He claims that sea levels will rise 20 feet or so shortly, yet he bought a million dollar condo near sea level in California.   We should all decrease what we spew into the air (and what we send to landfills). This fact does not diminish the lies told by Al Gore...the ones that got him an Oscar and a Nobel Peace Prize, both of which become more meaningless each year.  Gore, a shyster   http://newsbusters.org/blogs/noel-sh...d-return-oscar   http://www.globalwarminghoax.com/news.php?extend.29   1.The film claims that melting snows on Mount Kilimanjaro evidence global warming. The Government's expert was forced to concede that this is not correct.   2. The film suggests that evidence from ice cores proves that rising CO2 causes temperature increases over 650,000 years. The Court found that the film was misleading: over that period the rises in CO2 lagged behind the temperature rises by 800-2000 years.   3.The film uses emotive images of Hurricane Katrina and suggests that this has been caused by global warming. The Government's expert had to accept that it was “not possible” to attribute one-off events to global warming.   4.The film shows the drying up of Lake Chad and claims that this was caused by global warming. The Government's expert had to accept that this was not the case. 5.The film claims that a study showed that polar bears had drowned due to disappearing arctic ice. It turned out that Mr. Gore had misread the study: in fact four polar bears drowned and this was because of a particularly violent storm.   6.The film threatens that global warming could stop the Gulf Stream throwing Europe into an ice age: the Claimant's evidence was that this was a scientific impossibility.   7.The film blames global warming for species losses including coral reef bleaching. The Government could not find any evidence to support this claim.8.The film suggests that the Greenland ice covering could melt causing sea levels to rise dangerously. The evidence is that Greenland will not melt for millennia.   9.The film suggests that the Antarctic ice covering is melting, the evidence was that it is in fact increasing.   10.The film suggests that sea levels could rise by 7m causing the displacement of millions of people. In fact the evidence is that sea levels are expected to rise by about 40cm over the next hundred years and that there is no such threat of massive migration.   11.The film claims that rising sea levels has caused the evacuation of certain Pacific islands to New Zealand. The Government are unable to substantiate this and the Court observed that this appears to be a false claim.   Stay tuned as the UK High Court's final ruling may impose additional restrictions on teaching An Inconvenient Truth in classes. They may also point out additional inaccuracies as we all know they only scratched the surface above.  http://www.globalwarminghoax.com/news.php?extend.24   http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles...polarbears.htm   http://www.capmag.com/article.asp?ID=3400   http://www.heartland.org/Article.cfm?artId=11548  http://www.freerepublic.com/focus/f-news/1350746/posts	0
Purposefully communicating information as a means to an end... wound healing.	0
I know that not all people who are pro-life are woman-hating. I, too want to see abortion reduced to the bare minimum. I just disagree with most pro-lifers on how to accomplish that.   My issue was with ROCC's attitude in the post I was responding to. To summarize he/she said that your shouldn't get pregnant and if you do - you just get to deal with it. There is absolutely no regard for an individual's situation, the attack is entirely focused on women and it offers NOTHING that will help reduce abortion.   ROCC's statement was quite woman-hating, but no, it is not indicative of the pro-life side's feelings about women. The only times I am compelled to really think pro-lifers are anti-woman is when they have the "pregnancy is a woman's due punishment for promiscuity" attitude or demand that a woman die/put her health jeapardy or demand rape victims go through with pregnancies. If you can't see the woman in even those most extreme situations, then you clearly have zero regard for women.   I believe that abortion stands it best chance at being reduced by addressing the things that lead to unplanned pregnancy and the reasons women choose to abort. To demonize women and simply take away choice without addressing these things will not reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies, or gauarantee responsible choices. It will lead desperate women to desperate action, though (i.e., coat hangers).	0
You mean, the perpetrator is convicted and the defender acquitted? Yes, that's the rule and not the exception. Notice here how no-one ended up dead, or even particularly seriously injured. Additionally the circumstances described are incredibly rare, that's why it makes the news.	0
Doesn't it ever bother you that you have to come up with ridiculous hypothetical sci-fi scenarios to attempt to prove your side?   First of all, do you really think a head on life support is going to "be no different mentally from someone with a body."? I would say that would probably mess with somebody's head a bit.   Secondly, you sound like you believe this person who is a head on life support deserves equal rights. They are just as helpless as a fetus in the womb. Are you saying it's okay to murder people who can't think and talk? Do you believe that thinking and talking is what qualifies a person for rights?	0
So there's no need to be outraged or question a candidate further just on the basis that he represents the lesser-of-two-evils to you? You're using the fact Palin is there to avoid needing to take Biden to task for HIS statements. If, hypothetically speaking, Palin wasn't there at all and Biden had made the statement alone in a stump speech, you would just leave it at that and not take him to task for his position???   Frankly, if he's the candidate you feel best supports gay rights, I would think this statement on his part would be MORE alarming, and all the MORE cause for concern.   So Biden was against gay marriage there too?   If he's against your right to marriage, knowing why might very well give insight into whether he would change on it at some point or actually be anti-gay in OTHER ways too! Frankly, I find this idea of not probing further to at least try to get some insight into motivations on issues to be pretty odd, let alone not criticizing someone for an anti-gay view just because the other candidate is more anti-gay.	0
In my reading of the Declaration (and using the 1st. Amendment as a filter) it doesn't matter who or what the founders meant by "Creator." The conlusion is the same; regardless.   Namely; The fact that the founders considered our basic rights to be inherrent.	0
They aren't afraid of that. That a government agency would actually be financially competitive is ridiculous.   The only way it could compete for customers would be by running at an enormous loss or legislating away competition. That's what people are "afraid" of, not some idiotic speculation that government is great at business.	0
The tactics pro-lifers use make the Nazis look like the little league. I mean, seriously. The reason we are dealing with terrorism is because women have the right to the abortion procedure. Wow. Please give me one way those two things relate to each other.	0
Actually, Peeling and others on this thread have proven you and Cash to be utterly wrong. The fact you don't recognize this is irrelevant.	0
I believe that the vast majority of people, if they are well-informed about responsible sexuality, have access to contraception, and are of reasonably sound mind, would much prefer not to experience an abortion and would take precautions to avoid such a possibility.   It is rather tiresome to hear careless and irresponsible talk of whorish women who seek to become pregnant solely so that they may exercise their right to an abortion.   I have never met such a woman. To be sure, there are unbalanced individuals who are riddled with guilt over sexuality and these individuals are incapable of being sexually responsible. I don't associate with such people and since I have never encountered such a person, I must believe that this sort of person comprises a very small minority.   But with the amount of bluster and piffle to the contrary, I must wonder whether or not such blusterers have any connection at all to what really is.	0
To force women to have babys that they dont even want is even more "preposterous".	0
You are exactly correct in regard to my intent. IMHO, the allegories of the Bible are meant to teach the spirit of the stories, not actual facts...just as Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny are meant to represent the spirit of the seasons. When we are young children, we tend to believe in Santa and Thumper because our parents play the game so well, then as we learn the truth, we put away the belief that they are real but we pass the spirit on to our own children by playing the same game with them.   AIMHO, God teaches us the spirit of creation with the inspired allegories written in the Bible. God created it all, He just did it in a fashion we will likely never fully understand.   AIMHO, there were thousands of Adams and Eves, created after an evolutionary process that started when God created all matter and time.   I'm not trying to warp the Bible at all, just as I would not try to warp the meaning of Santa Claus, even though I know he's not a jolly fat man living at the North Pole surrounded by elves and flying reindeer.	0
Who's this directed at? Me or Ray?	0
Humm. More guns, more Concealed Carry and Violent Crime and Murder is down to it's lowest levels since they started to record it. So how can these studies be credible or considered in anyway correct.	0
And that didn't have a thing to do with my point.	0
My recollection is similar to yours. I encountered it in an AP biology class in high school, we spent about 1/2 the extra-long class in labs (I think that was the primary difference).   The giraffe example was an "aha" moment for me personally, I suspected life changed, but the specifics I had never thought about.   I recall a disclaimer at the start of the section, but I don't recall the exact wording.   -Mach	0
Well, ya know, if you actually, oh I don't know, VISITED THE SITE, you'd see that the "friendlyatheist.com" is a blog-like page (and not the one that is actually giving the info on the evolutionary migration of humanity) and it gave a link to the actual website that we are talking about (the second link I gave): http://www.bradshawfoundation.com/journey/   But then, maybe we're expecting a little too much from a creationist.	0
It's your article, not mine	0
And it also took an amendment to give the slaves rights, not a judge.	0
Actually, no, that is not what I said. I said:   What you quoted is what Answers in Genesis said. Please do not be dishonest and tell others that I said this as I did not.	0
Well said.   With this religion, the gap is very wide between the "average guy" and "authority", because their clergy is more involved in politics than the clergy of Christianity, or the Creator himself. It fits with more Democrats being evolutionists, and more Democrats favoring bigger domestic government.	0
Look up the evolution of colour vision in primates. It's my personal favourite - but what do you think?	0
Everything basically.   You're held captive by hostile natives that have set up barricades and checkpoints around the property you live on. They decide when you get to come in and go out, and the police have decided to abandon you rather than come to your aid. And Canada has laws that make defense with a firearm either impractical or out right illegal depending on just where you life.	0
People are protected by law from being harassed, assaulted and/or murdered because they are people. Not because they are a certain religion. Because they are people it would be wrong to allow such things.	0
That and VOR keeps flip flopping on his positions and he refuses to clarify his contridictions.	0
Just some interesting information I learned when we went caving a couple years ago (a real cave, not one of the commercialized ones). Bats actually have better eyesite than humans, but even they can't see in pitch black. No eye can.	0
Either a gross misunderstanding or a gross misrepresentation of evolutionary theory.	0
Actually there are already a couple floating around. One fascinating one: Gaia theory and the Daisyworld model. It's all around self-organising systems and the earth as a self-regulating system/organsism/something or other. James Lovelock and co. Interesting to read but sometimes feels a little too 'lets-all-just-get-along' to be real, hard-core theory.   Either way, it's probably a lot more likely to be accepted than creationism, should evolutionism for some reason be disproved.	0
That was a nice rant that had absolutely nothing to do with anything. The essential question is not what various religous leaders have said about the issue, but what the Bible says about the issue.	0
Because it shows that Ockham was arguing against what Hi_Its_Me says the Razor is.	0
Zoos are indeed a good example. Although the environments are made as close as possible to the natural habitats, penguins are often kept in open-air enclosures in temperate or even tropical climates. And there are two critical differences in even the most carefully constructed zoo: the absence of any predators, and the absence of any prey. So why don't the animals quickly/purposefully/nonrandomly cease exhibiting developmentally costly traits which give them an advantage against predators or prey who aren't present?	0
Yeah, back in the Late 60, because The Black Panther Party was publicly armed, and had publicly advocated Offing the Pigs, our law makers granted the police the law that said it was illegal for anyone to transport any firearm within Ohio. They did it with the understanding that they would not abuse the privilege that was granted for their protection. Well, 40 years went by, and new officers seeing this law on the books started enforcing it. After all, why not, It is the law, and their is no excuse for the law! Period!   Well, Ohioans for Concealed Carry and a bunch of others, decided enough was enough, and contacted Ohio law makers who took it off the books because it wasn't being used, as agreed upon!	0
You not differentiating between the beaver and the beaver dam, the bird and the bird's nest or the man and the man's truck. The dams, nests and truck do not occur naturally...they are constructed by the naturally occuring animals using materials that occur in nature (albeit we have to smelt the iron and vulcanize the rubber whilst the birds and beavers just stick stuff together).	0
I'm not surprised.   That's a typical response when someone calls your bluff.   Waxy	0
Microevolution has occured. Several times over and recorded in the lab and the natural world.   [quote] Give me one peer reviewed paper . Just one. Not the latest dogma from talk origins . 29 evidences for bs.[quote]   Huh. Guess you're wrong.   [quote]Talk Origins does your thinking not mine. Give me peer reviewed documents not the latest political/religious factions babblings. Of course they don't exist but how could they? [quote]   And how does that mean evolution is wrong and creation is correct?   You do realize that even if you somehow manage to prove evolution false (not likely), you are still miles from proving creation right?	0
I don't have the time nor the funding to put this in video form like Harris and Dawkins. I don't think many, if any, Christians really do - satire about atheism isn't a strong Christian practice, not nearly as strong as atheist satire about Christianity, it seems. Maybe that's what made Poe's Law so notable in the beginning of this thread.	0
Except it's not. It's perfectly acceptable to morally disagree with drinking and smoking (and encourage others not to do it) and still believe others should have the freedom to choose for themselves.   chloe,	0
I don't believe Hell is a place either (or even if I believe in hell to begin with), but tell me more about what you mean by this. It sounds interesting.	0
These items do not have killing as their primary use.	0
Please explain this statement.	0
But it has never been claimed that everything developet simultaneously. Probably not.   So back to the original question that you ducked with ad hoc arguments. What is Archaeopteryx. If it is a bird, why does it have a tail, grastalia, teeth, pre-orbital fenestra, and on and on. If it isn't a bird then why does it have feathers, opposable hallux, pneumatic bones, a furcula, and even a small carina in one specimen? How can creationism explain Archaeopteryx?   http://home.houston.rr.com/bybayouu/...graphica_1.jpg	0
Well, one person got it right...where in the constitution does it say something about health having to be protected?	0
Monty babbles:   Again Monty has shown that he doesn't bother to learn what he is talking about before he speaks. It is not true that science has "found" the mitochondrial Eve, nor is it true that it shows that one person can have all the DNA necessary for all the variation in human population. Both ideas are ridiculous in the extreme. The mitochondrial (note spelling monty) Eve is a mathematical concept. If the estimates of the mutation rate of mitochondrial DNA are correct, then she lived about 200,000 years ago or so.   And of course, the variation in human populations is carried by the nuclear DNA, not the mitochondria. High school biology students know this. And, of course, recent analysis has shown that every gene in the human genome has an average of 14 alleles. Since a single person can carry only two alleles of any gene, monty's assertion becomes pure nonsense.   Hank says:   Really? When and by whom? I wasn't even aware that it was an hypothesis but simply a mathematical concept derived from the mutation rate of the mitochondrial DNA. Possibly the time has been adjusted due to differing estimates of the mutatiion rate, but the concept is valid.   Here is some information. Monty, I would recommend that you read the books suggested so that you might gain some understanding of what you are discussing. You continue to make yourself look foolish. River out of Eden is a good, basic introduction to the main concepts of evolutionary biology.   For information on Mitochondrial Eve see What, if anything, is a Mitochondrial Eve?	0
...and if RMNS doesn't explain the development of hands or feet, it's pretty safe to say it doesn't explain the development of anything else, either.	0
You got it. People make mistakes. Finally you see that scientists are just as human as religious people.	0
I see I jumped the gun. That was well stated.	0
Speaking of which, did you happen to see this image that someone kindly forwarded to me?   http://iowntheworld.com/blog/wp-cont...iew-lo-res.jpg	0
the fetus would be a real person...and it seems like....in order to make the iraq war/abortion connection....you would have to support the war!	0
It's possible that Archaeopteryx is not a direct descendant of modern birds but it's certainly not far from the line and it shares both avian and therepodian characteristics.	0
Oh, so you were not in any way talking about evolution in these posts? Then why are they posted on the c vs e board?   Please, that's just pathetic.	0
I would say that the soul is that part of us that is immortal. It is our essence. Our personality may impact or is impacted by it, but I would say it is far more. Indeed, I would say it is what psychologists call emergent downward causality.   As for the role of God, science has not disproven any of it. Science has explained how things occur but that does not eliminate the possibility of god nor does it limit what god does. We would simply not be understanding gods fit in the science of it. That makes sense given that god is considered infinite and we are finite. I think the soul is what gives us the possibility of even imagining the infinite. The idea that we can see beyond what we are or even to conceptualize such things gives a clue that there is more to us than meets the eye.   I do not see why God and science cannot coexist. Even evolution and creation. Forget planting evidence. That is too far fetched. I would rather think that it is more likely that what God says actually fits the evidence even though we cannot understand it. I do not know about God or "not god" (if you will) but if there is a God then the idea that he is beyond what I can actually conceive and yet completely conceivable makes sense for that kind of being. It should be an apparent paradox to me. If it is not, then my concept of God is faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr to small to be of any use to anyone.   Huck.	0
That's simply not true;	0
Stop trying to muddy the waters. I was talking about developed nations with lower murder rates. You suddenly bring Chicago into the debate- a city with open borders in a nation where guns are freely available. Even if gun control hasn't worked there it doesn't follow that gun laws can't work on a national level.	0
President Obama!? What did I win!?	0
Even new Justice Sotomayor, who claimed she ruled by precedent will be bound by the Heller Decision if she remains true to her purported philosophy. The debate between Sui Juris and Res Judicia should no longer be an issue with the liberals on this RIGHT! It either applies to all or it applies to none which would result as Justice W.O. Douglas wrote: "a revolution". It is in the government's (federal especially) best interests to keep our soldiers employed in foreign countries. BTW, I think the court decision in Nunn vs. State of Georgia did the best summation of this right!	0
So, in summary, you aren't against the death penalty on principle. You just want it used judiciously? Same here. Where we'll differ is in the details of what's judiciously.	0
I am hardly a phyicist, but I am under the impression that there is at least some people who feel there is reason that there are 'uncaused causes'. I think that   the terms used are 'Vacuum flucuations', and 'virtual particles'. I am not aware   of any peer reviewed articles on it , but a popular press book is 'Achilles in the quantum world' by Richard Morris.	0
So when you're doing math, you're an atheist? Of course not. Just because there is overlap doesn't mean that the two views are identical.	0
Actually, the storm lasted for 40 days and 40 nights. The ark was actually afloat for a year or so. So I guess the answer is that the ark had all kinds of pestilent insects winging about and biting and stinging the occupants. The problem is, how did these aquatic breeders actually propagate in the feces and urine infested bilge of the ark?	0
And...   You're still left with the simple fact that the Declaration of Independance, the premise of your hierarchy of rhetoric, is not legally relevant to the government of the U.S.   The constitution was written after the declaration. Had they wanted to include wording from the declaration, they could have, yet they didn't, did they?   Your house of cards is built on a rhetorical slight of hand, trying to persuade by implying somehow that abortion being legal, which it is, in the U.S., right now, should not be allowed.   TIP: Trying forming a reasoned argument without such a weak premise, else, your entire argument is just as flawed, which it is.   Abortion is legal, for the right reasons.   A conscious, human, U.S. citizen, has rights.   Cells, without consciousnes, that are not citizens, do not have rights, are not individuals, and are not humans.   You can jump up and down, and post irrelevant things such as the Dec. of Independance, but it doesn't boost your debate credibility.   -Mach	0
So you are saying the US system is better?	0
And SS is once again wrong. If you really believe that then try to tell your genes to give you tiger stripes which will be inherited by your children. Good luck.	0
Proof that evolution is "right" is not necessary to prove that Genesis is not science. Genesis is an inspired poem, and contains truth in its message, but it is pretty obviously a work of poetry, like a song. Look at the repetition, and all the metaphors! Poetry does not imply fiction. THere are many historically valid poems. Plus, when read figuratively, Genesis poses no conflict at all with science.   Evolution is not the only science that demonstrates Genesis can not be read literally. What about the speed of light from the stars, geology, genetics, comparative embryology, etc. The only stumbling block between science and faith is a strictly literal interpretation. For most of us Faith and science work together!   see: songofgenesis.org for more detailed information.	0
Mayabe this is a miniscule amount of suffering compared to what awaits you on the flipside. Weather it be an eternity of Bliss or agony and suffering. Who really knows. Mayabe those who have this happen to them have it coming to them?	0
Well, in the case above, it was step-by-step. First, an existing enzyme was modified to a new use, and over time, became refined to work better and better. This is the way evolution works. Nothing is de novo; it's always a modfication of something else. Second, a mutation produced a regulator that only allowed the enzyme to be produced if the substrate was available. Again, this was refined by natural selection over time. In the end, the newly-evolved system was irreducibly complex, because all three parts have to be present for the system to work.   And do show us your numbers proving that such processes can't produce new information. If you don't know how, I'd be pleased to show you how a mutation changes the information in a population.	0
Some references please? In general, it seems that most climatologists agree that severe weather systems will occur more frequently with an increase in average global temperature. (ref:http://www.grida.no/climate/ipcc_tar/wg2/061.htm#1434)	0
The comic relief doesn't even recognize it has passed in on, or attempted to!	0
And you still have provided no evidence.	0
I think that the type of weapon does make a difference. A tyrant would be more dangerous to the world if he was armed with WMDs rather than knives.	0
Largely, out of date. To paraphrase myself from earlier, the differences between 'then' and 'now' are as follows:   Increased availability and proficiency of viable alternatives for self-defence.   Increased availability and improved variety/design of handguns.   Different type of 'gun crime' - it is now largely opportunistic.   Today's government need not fear almost any citizens militia, unless absolutely overwhelming.   Today's government is less in need of a (potential) extra army to defend against foreign assault.   I may have missed some...	0
First, are you not forcing your beliefs on me when you lobby for, enact, and support a law that legalizes an act that I see as murder?   Second, forcing someone to believe as I do is in no way the essence of Christianity. God gives choices (which is another debate) to man. We must simply choose right or wrong. Jesus wants us to influence, not force. Jesus said to His followers in Matthew 5:14-16, "You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden. Neither do people light a lamp and put it under a bowl. Instead they put it on its stand, and it gives light to everyone in the house. In the same way, let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven." If I truly believe in Jesus as my Lord and Saviour (and I do), then I must follow His command to influence (not force) the whole world. It doesn't do any good to only preach to the preached.	0
Simple. The big government people will tell you that it's in everybody's best interest. The criminals will just kill you without debate.	0
But you are smart enough to realize that the ban on gay marriage has nothing to do with it.	0
And she was having unprotected sex? So she knew becoming pregnant was a possibility? Yeah, I could see that being condemned by pro-lifers.	0
And here our Government says:   Rights and Responsibilities	0
Yes. Only the ignorant think not.	0
That's not evolution. Life has evolved in the lab, many times.	0
Are you sure? Use your google.	0
Because most people are Christian.	0
Should free speech require registration?	0
Well, how else were they supposed to reproduce?	0
So, your saying an eyewitness would mean nothing. Yeah right.	0
Argueing with penfold is like wrestling a pig in the mud, the pig enjoys it.	0
Good shooting! Got two illegal alien perps that had been deported for previous felonies and just committed another after illegally entering the country again.   WE NEED MORE JOE HORNS and a heck of a lot less bradies!   Is this the only case you could find of a CCW exercising his rights (you know the law applies to any citizen of Texas don't you and they need not be licensed?) completely justified in the Penal Code of Texas. Self-defense and defense of a third person or property is justified and required by law...IT IS YOUR PUBLIC DUTY.   Job well done Mr. Horn!!   How come you don't post links (deleted by poster)? This is old news, almost 3 years ago to be exact. Did you think it was sensational? LOL	0
Another strawman.   Explain to me how new information and new features equals to new structures and body parts.   Those links have long been refuted   http://www.creationwiki.org/(Talk.Or...dd_information   http://www.creationwiki.org/(Talk.Or...e_new_features	0
Why not? You said yourself kalifornia was a "trend setter". It is alread the law in many states.	0
No Steve, I realise that there are hetersexuals who practice that filthy pastime of anal sex and other sex acts that the human body is not designed to do. Heterosexuals have no more business doing these things then homosexuals.   Do you realise Steve that E Coli bacteria inhabit the rectum and are in feces? Do you know how sick and E Coli infection can make you? Sodomy is akin to having sex in raw sewage.	0
Well right there, you used an oxymoron, "Great" and "Evangelist" got together about as well as Military Inteligence.   Secondly, as I stated before...you left too many other questions unanswered about the "Preacher."	0
I think I, and the other members of what I'll call the "scientific community", must be masochists of sorts as well, we continually return to these threads and bang our heads against minds that are stone walls - completely impervious to reason or logic.   I think, no, I know, that there are two main reasons why I return to these threads. The first one is simple, I'm amazed at the scientific illiteracy of the average YEC, especially when science is often their justification for belief.   The second and major reason is simply my fascination with how the mind of the Creationist works. Their desperation to justify their faith is so powerful it drives them to completely abandon mainstream science and logic in favour of an isolated coccoon of reality. The insecurity in their faith that the entire pseudoscience of creationism betrays is the most ironic part.   As you say, most quickly realize that they're in over their heads, that what they've been told in their churches doesn't stand up to scrutiny in the real world. So, rather than continuing down a path that will bring them no good, they retreat and bury their heads in the comforting sand of "not knowing any better". However, there always seems to be one or two that are so deeply entrenched, that they simply can't retreat, they've got too much invested.   The psychology, more than the science, is fascinating to me.   Waxy	0
Why would they be useless? They aren't useless on birds? And how is this qustion different in any meaningful way from the above? Aren't wings forelimbs with feathers? It seems that soaring or gliding or even faster running would be extremely useful.	0
Sure.   The woman is a person, and individual, sentient human being. She has the same right to control her bodily resources as any other person does. As such, you can no more force her, against her will, to provide bodily resources to an embryo or fetus, than you can yourself be forced to give of your bodily resources against your will.   Even if somebody is bleeding to death, and your blood can save their life, they still don't have the right to force you to safely give them of your blood.   Each person have that right to control their bodily resources. If you want to force the woman to remain pregnant, you are forcing her to give of her bodily resources against her will. When you don't insist that everybody else be subject to such requirements, then the argument is hypocritical and misogynistic.   And, of course the US Supreme Court agrees with this, thus ruling that per the 14th Amendment of the US Constitution, the woman has the right to privacy, to control her onw body.	0
Jurassic Theropods like Compsognathus had hollow bones.   http://www.cbv.ns.ca/marigold/histor...gnathuspic.jpg   Therepodian dinosaurs show clear general skeletal affinities with modern birds such as long limbs, hollow bones, foot with 3 toes in front and 1 reversed toe behind and a long ilium.   Coelophysis, from the late Triassic was one of the first theropod dinosaurs.   Deinonychus and Oviraptor from the late Triassic to the Cretaceous were bipedal advanced theropods, larger, with more bird-like skeletal features: semilunate carpal, bony sternum, long arms and reversed pubis. Striking detailed similarity to birds.   There is a gap in the fossil record here although Protoavis could belong here, unfourtunately, the fossil is poor.   Archaeopteryx from 225 Ma, shows a mosaic of reptilian and avian features, with the reptilian features predominating. The skull and skeleton are basically reptilian (skull, teeth, vertebrae, sternum, ribs, pelvis, tail, digits, claws, generally unfused bones). Bird traits are limited to an avian furcula (wishbone, for attachment of flight muscles; recall that at least some dinosaurs had this too), modified forelimbs, and -- the real kicker -- unmistakable lift-producing flight feathers. Archeopteryx could probably flap from tree to tree, but couldn't take off from the ground, since it lacked a keeled breastbone for large flight muscles, and had a weak shoulder compared to modern birds. (Wellnhofer, 1993)   S. santensis from 138 Ma was a better flyer than Archaeopteryx. It had a short trunk, claws on the toes, flight-specialized shoulders, stronger flight- feather bones, tightly folding wrist and short hands.   A not yet named bird/dino from 131 Ma has a reptilian pelvis and legs, with bird-like shoulders. The tail is medium-length with a fused tip.   Then there's Hesperornis, Ichthyornis, and other Cretaceous diving birds. There are many fossils. Their skeleton is further modified for flight showing fusion of pelvis bones, fusion of hand bones and a short, fused tail). It also still had true socketed teeth, a reptilian trait.   There are others and this is by no mean exhaustive. This is just to show that there are very good transition lineages.   Although no modern birds have teeth, chicken bills can be induced to develop teeth, indicating that chickens still retain the genes for making teeth.   There is also an intriguing fossil Microraptor gui that has flight feathers on both the front and back legs.   http://eur.news1.yimg.com/eur.yimg.c...2567138235.jpg   I can provide more info on any of these if you wish.   References   Wellnhofer, P. 1993. Das siebte Exemplar von Archaeopteryx aus den Solnhofener Schichten. Archaeopteryx vol.11, pp. 1-47. [Description of the newest specimen of Archaeopteryx, with some more features that unite birds with dinosaurs.	0
The subject matter would be life forms. The units would depend on which particular aspect you were studying   For instance to the question 'what units of measurement would you use for the effect of evolution?   I would say genetic changes that have patterns.   ID would have that and more.	0
Well, thank you for this thread Santafeur. I must say though that I peruse various threads just to read stuff. The C vs. E topic does not strike a nerve with me.   In fact, I also wonder what it is about the human mind that makes people so desperate to want to know how we came about. What difference does it make? We are here now. Could we possibly just accept that we got here somehow, and just move on?	0
What would you know about fair and balanced?   I know a lot of truths about gays. Do you want me to start posting incessant threads pointing them all out?   And I am the moderator for the formal debate forum, not the entire board. Want to debate me on the benefits of gays on society vs Christianity?	0
Why is it when Creo's don't believe something, Evo's always think because they have studies or what have you that we Creo's have to accept it as proof. I mean you don't accept anything as proof from Creo's. If Creo's did some carbon testing and did it accurately and got some anomaly's, you'd still reject it. I didn't lie not even by ignorance. I just don't believe it's true, but I take it I'm not allowed my beliefs . What fact has disproved my worldview, my worldview is intact as it ever has been?	0
Look over the Heller ruling again. All nine judges agreed unanimously that the Second Amendment protected a right that was wholly individual in nature. The only disagreement was whether the right still applied today.   And no, the individual states and cities shouldn't be allowed to set their own standards for a constitutional right, that flies in the face of the 14th Amendment. And worse, you're arguing for precedent that would basically allow the various states to not respect your other rights; they could ban the shirt you choose to wear because it's offensive to some small, insignificant minority somewhere.	0
Actually, it's not. The big bang theory is also science.   What exactly do you think the big bang theory is? What evidence do you think supports it? What evidence is there against it? why do you disagree? What is your education in cosmology - in other words, why is your disagreement rational?	0
Oh you little tramp!	0
And you people whine at me about using personal insults ( )... anyhow, once a fetus is eight months, I believe, they are fully developed and ready for a premature birth. I was born prematurely, so don't tell me it doesn't happen. So if you get an abortion at eight months, you're not killing a fetus, you're killing a baby.	0
Fish to Amphibian supporting evidence frmo here:   Fish/Amphibian   Transition from primitive bony fish to amphibians:   Paleoniscoids again (e.g. Cheirolepis)   Osteolepis -- one of the earliest crossopterygian lobe-finned fishes, still sharing some characters with the lungfish (the other group of lobe-finned fish). Had paired fins with a leg-like arrangement of bones, and had an early-amphibian-like skull and teeth.   Eusthenopteron (and other rhipidistian crossopterygian fish) -- intermediate between early crossopterygian fish and the earliest amphibians. Skull very amphibian-like. Strong amphibian-like backbone. Fins very like early amphibian feet.   Icthyostegids (such as Icthyostega and Icthyostegopsis) -- Terrestrial amphibians with many of Eusthenopteron's fish features (e.g., the fin rays of the tail were retained). Some debate about whether Icthyostega should be considered a fish or an amphibian; it is an excellent transitional fossil.   Labyrinthodonts (e.g., Pholidogaster, Pteroplax) -- still have some icthyostegid features, but have lost many of the fish features (e.g., the fin rays are gone, vertebrae are stronger and interlocking, the nasal passage for air intake is well defined.)   And while nothing is ever proven 100% in science, the link between fish and amphibians is pretty conclusive. Evidence for dino to bird evolution just keeps mounting and at present it is the best supported theory. Just look at the recent discovery of an oviraptorosaurian dinosaur with 2 eggs still in it's body, two very bird like eggs.....See here:   dinoeggs   So once again, while not proven 100%, dino to bird evolution is the best supported theory. Do you have anything that is better supported???	0
How many opponents of liberal gun laws live in urban areas?	0
Notice that nowhere here do you address the claims and evidence -- which the movie apparently lacks -- about the assertions of "the expelled." Trying to deflect attention from your inability to respond substantively won't fly with us; these guys are fudging the stories and sharing only selected pieces in a specific attempt to hide what really happened.   For what it's worth, I feel a hell of a lot more vulnerable as an atheist in my profession and location than IDers should feel in research and teaching academia.	0
Actually, I think Kronos is right in this case--at least from the standpoint of most consitutional scholars. Of course the framers didn't envision the wording to be used in this way for this purpose--this is what's simply called a "loophole", in this case anyway. It's why there has been an effort in recent years to close the loophole with a constitutional amendment defining marriage.	0
No, actually they used the Bible as a basis for their morality. They then applied that morality to the design of a system of government that they wanted to create.   Maybe the majority of Americans are comfortable with the status quo WRT their morals. Who are you to tell them that they have to change for you?	0
You don't beleive that it is possible to do something wrong to prevent a larger number of wrongs in the future? Do you think the ends can ever justify the means?	0
Honestly I'm not sure if it was ever said in the Bible, but I sure have heard a lot of the Bible thumpers saying free will is a gift from God.	0
Well, the claim isn't that they were identical, just that they preceded Jesus and were very similar.	0
When talking to a person professing Christianity, the Bible is binding. If the Bible advises that abortion is murder, then it is so regardless of what the secular systems of the day have to say about it.   When talking with one accepting the principles of Christianity, the premiere of those being that the Bible is binding, the existence of the soul is not up for debate.   The position of Bassman, I believe, would be that there is no legitimate right to terminate a pregnancy, especially from the stand-point of the Bible, which of course, is binding to those professing Christianity.	0
And that's all irrelevent, because pages 240-243 concern what happens in the world today, not what happened concerning creation. His feelings about God's interactions with the world today would be different if he had a basic knowledge of the Bible.	0
Sucide? Isn't that a mental health issue? If you take a gun from a sucidal and depressed person, does that cure depression?   If it does that you have addressed the root cause of sucide.   If it does not than you really have not done anything to cure the fundamental cause of sucide.	0
The biblical end has got to be near. This was a Doctor who spends all of his life saving people's lives.	0
'IF' is the question. It suggests that Holy Tradition does not know the answer.   Secondly, the issue of the flood itself could still be true and tested scientifically... as to whether an historical Noah existed that you might consign to 'myth'.   Does anyone here not find it interesting that there is almost a universal factor in societies concerning a global flood?   PS I have already discussed M-Eve on another post.	0
Manslaughter involves a direct action that causes an unintentional death. Miscarriage is involuntary; besides the person suffering a miscarriage might well want to keep the baby. To equate miscarriage with manslaughter is preposterous.	0
I'm glad to see you've finally come around.	0
Notice the double-standard here? The homosexual lobby accuses us of harassment, yet they are willing to provide names and addresses of people who oppose their agenda. I can't wait to see the backlash from this one.	0
Well, Google is your friend here - try fossil and see what you get. Alternatively click the link in my sig and look in the archive section at Talk Origins.   It is not possible to break fossilisation down into such simple notions as "one big preservation event" and lots of "little preservations". If you can think of some examples of fossils then we can examine them more specifically as what can be said about the circumstances of their preservation.   I've been a bit vague here as it is a) such a broad subject to describe succinctly b) I'm tired and c) I'm full of cold   No doubt someone who isn't under the influence of b) and/or c) will chime in as well with more details while I pull round.   Now, where was my hankerchief......	0
Well it could mean simple instinct, and I think you will find it was only applied to animals with brains. EAM attributes "intelligence" even to bacteria and to corn plants, trees, jellyfish, single celled eukaryotes etc. If one is to consider intelligence the main driver of adaptation it must be omnipresent in living organisms - there is zero support for this concept.	0
Why do people on the pro-gun side continuously try to oversimplify the issue? No one is really arguing that there would be zero murder without guns. The question is would there be less murders without guns. In developed nations with stricter gun laws there are less murders. At any rate, I don't think you can draw such conclusions based on one incident.	0
No, it is not a bad deal for the child. However, my beliefs do not permit murder, even if it is a better "deal".	0
You know they are having a fit,and when everyone see's the streets aren't running red maybe more states will pick it up and follow.	0
Well, you will find claims amoung this group that 'If Jews understood their own scriptures, they would accept Jesus as their Lord and Savior', and "Christians are fullfilled Jews".	0
Do you think this resistance got their most useful weapons out of a normal store? Please don´t try such arguments without knowing about European history.	0
And many of those countries are having problems with it. Furthermore, we aren't even proposing what other countries have.	0
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4487756.stm	0
President Obama has correctly characterized the Bill of Rights is a list of negative Rights against government.   The point is, that the only rights that the government, and or any anti-gunner, or department has, is the infringements we grant them through laws etc.   Taking the info in this article at face value. What was a legal practice to do just yesterday landed this guy in a jackpot for not knowing what or how the Govt. is going to interpret the law to mean today. This is a common problem with, and not to directly pick on the ATF, but gun dealers complain about this all the time. EVEN an FBI agent himself cannot predict, nor curry a favorable interpretation.   What kind of country and legal system do we want? Surely you can see that this kind of stuff is not in ANY WAY Shape of Form, fair to do to a Right that our Constitution says is Inalienable. Or to a person who was an impeccable reputation.   Would you like to be treated in this manner?   The article says, what he did is not illegal, but in the hands of someone with an axe to grind, maybe they didn't like him, or maybe the prosecutor is Anti-gun etc, lands this guy in a jackpot!   Now can you see the problem with this?   I know lets apply all of this to computers! We will just make up any law as we go. How'd that be?	0
If your friend is hearing voices in her head to walk into traffic, she needs some psychiatric help.	0
So you put words in Machs mouth. This would be acceptable if you were not doing it in a malicious fashion to get some sort of sadistic pleasure but you were instead actually trying to get him to explain himself. At any rate it totally disproves your nonsense about how you above me because you do not put words into peoples mouths because you do the same. You were not being dishonest to start with I admit it would be wrong to deliberately misrepesent you but neither of the circumstances apply here.	0
But if the repeated tests just confirm the same errors or misinterpretations of the results, all of the independent reviews in the World wont make a difference.	0
But still, if you think there are rights in the bill of rights that is wrong, that should not be granted or guaranteed, it would be a viable option to vote for removing them.   What debate are you trying to end here? The debate: 'do you want little or less gun-control'?	0
True.	0
Are you saying that given enough time you can come with answers? That's a statement of faith.	0
But the point is why are there relatively few creationists. The reason is that the creationist position cannot be defended in open debate. That is why creationist boards censor opposing views. On boards where creationists are not protected there are few.	0
When will it stop? Never. They will take every gun, every toy gun, disarm the law enforcment community, give us Nerf batons so we don't actually hurt the criminals, and say that this kinder gentler way of doing things will help. In the meantime murders will go through the roof, like in Australia, rape will escalate, breaking and entering will become common place, and cops will die by the minute. They will not only confiscate the guns, but then charge the owners of those guns for being terrorists. It won't end. In order to establish true dependency upon a government you must force the populous to rely completely on the government for every aspect of life including safety.	0
No I don't think that tying your tubes is abortion. I only think abortion comes into play when there is actually cells forming to make a baby, and you get them scraped out, or abort a baby before or after the third trimester. Plus I heard that if you tie the tubes, when you decide you want a baby you can untie the tubes, to conceive a baby. But burning is another thing. But unless there is actual cells forming it is not abortion	0
Since when were proteins no longer structures? A basic freshmen tool for teaching is the phrase "structure defines function."	0
But the military is pretty much all a volunteer thing. It's not a hiring process--employer/employee thing. That arrangement lends itself more to the soldier not volunteering for service in the first place.	0
No it doesn't, as abortion WAS a legal option in this case.   This was not a legality issue, but an education issue.	0
just re-emphasizing	0
If we were created in God's image, then it would make sense that equally our emotions are a reflection of God's emotions. That our emotions are imperfect versions of his.   Of course I would personally say that when man invented god, they felt the need to give him human characteristics in order to make their invention more understandable. And to assist in the oppression of others by the ever-present threat of an 'angry god who will smite you'. An 'ambivalent god who is above that sort of thing' just isn't as good at convincing people that whatever you say is right.	0
Only when it is anti-intellecutal relgion, such as those YEC's.   Most relgiions are much more reasonable.	0
Hmmm... so, barren women can not have a valid point of view nor women in the stage of menopause because it does not affect them personally. Perhaps you should tell the moderator to institute women only Forums, men only Forums, gays only Forums…. etc	0
Male	0
Got evidence to back that up??   I'm not sure how a stoner's worse than an alcoholic really.   -Wez	0
You know that, I know that, but the creationists do not know that.	0
so do we trash the whole thing, or what?	0
And who makes the decision, Rich? That's the issue, as I see it. I don't believe the government has any business in a woman's body.	0
Well he has further political aspirations..........The 9th circuit in Sodom (SF) is always making law instead of interpreting it........That is why they are over ruled so often.......	0
Well since posting on this thread has died and this seems to me to be the most interesting atheistic theory, I want to get a bit of clarification.   First, what do you mean by being allowed to cease providing for it at any age, but never allowed to kill it? By this do you mean that to cease providing for during the first trimester is not killing it? Is that because it is not alive at that time?   If I follow you (and I'm not sure I do) should the mother be allowed to have the baby removed at some point during the third trimester, after which it must be kept alive (and perhaps put up for adoption)?	0
Well if you just shoot someone and they die then they dont get their day in court so they dont get due process. The fifth says you cant lose your life without due process.	0
You know Brady, you've said a lot of stupid stuff over the years. I even remember finding a post of yours where you said all guns and gun owners should be registered, but sex offenders shouldn't be.   This latest post of yours is just another senseless and stupid rambling of somebody that's so hateful and fearful of an inanimate object that it's impossible for him to function in our society and can barely handle his own needs.	0
Actually, I don't have any respect for creationism in most of it's varied forms. I have had great respect for several individual creationists that I have met. But they earned that respect.	0
No. I am a student and I personally don't have much money. So how could I help them? I have very limited money of my own. I help when I can, but sometimes with my present finances I can't do much. If I had enough money, as I assume you do, than yes I would help them as much as I could. This is just an example of where people feel compassion. And as I have said before, Dawkin's has trouble explaining how the universal feelings could come about through evolution. We would not expect mutated pondscum to produce feelings and morals, ethics, etc.	0
So individual cells contract to move cytoplasm around and to transport oxygen within itself?	0
No. I never mentioned grades. You brought that one up. I'm saying that having guns on school campus isn't a good plan due to the high level of emotions in the area.	0
So what standards of proof do you hold the bible to? What allows you to hold it next to other religious or fantastical texts and say "Yes, this one is definately, without fail, the word of God, and this one is not."	0
Well, if you don't want a reaction, I would prefer if you not use the word "god" since it is loaded with so many other meanings and conotations than those you say you mean.   The choice between our two stances is indeed one between choosing a moral stance based on reasoned analysis (imperfect as that may be) and choosing a moral stance based on blind faith (i.e. not supported by evidence) in a moral code dictated by a religious authority.   You say that my moral code is a code that puts faith only in myself. That is not true. I very openly acknowledge that if I never had input from the outside - moral codes which were presented to me with the reasons behind them - then my moral code as determined solely by myself would have been meager indeed. I have had a wide range of influences which have helped determined my moral code:   - The moral codes of my folks during my upbringing   - The moral code of the moderate form of Roman Catholicism I grew up with   - The moral codes generally accepted by the moderate Democratic part of society   - The moral stances of friends   - The moral philosophy of Kant and other philosophers I have read about   I am sure that I could even come up with more than that. From all of those, I have gleaned a morality that works best for me, where my moral code seems to be quite a common one. The moral rules which I accepted were typically the ones which gave the reasons behind them and whose base assumptions I agreed with. The moral rules which I rejected were typically the ones which gave no supporting reasons or whose base assumptions I disagreed with. I suspect that you assume that if a morality is not grounded in religious rules, then it becomes based on selfishness. That is not true. We are all inspired by heroes that sacrifice themselves for others - be they secular or religious (as Jesus himself can be viewed as a hero).   There is a lot of overlap in morality between secular morality and religious (mainly Christian) morality - against theft, murder, etc. However, I find too many of the religious rules very arbitrary (such as the anti-Gay propaganda, some religion's ban on contraceptives, the idea of the infalibility of the pope, etc.) that I certainly will not follow religious rules blindly. Furthermore, so much of religious morality was determined simply by religious men who were set in the local morality of their time and attached that morality to the religion. Even if Jesus was divine, it would be very hard today to know how to throw away all the junk morality that was added after his time and extract the pure origin.	0
they may respect life but what about respecting the quality of life?   if they cared about their children's future they would not breed like rabbits. It is callous to use their children to win the 'numbers game'   quality before quantity.   I don't deny that abortion is murder in the womb though.	0
I responded to your posts on the thread of "Lets discuss the actual..." I suggest we continue that discussion there.	0
And yet the atheist belief system allows for everyone to have their own seperate set of morals. According to the Atheist system, what Hitleror Stalin did was perfectly moral because those atheists believed that what they were doing was moral. Disgusting if you ask me.	0
Obviously not about abortion.	0
Then why does the following occur?	0
Well, given that your term is a fabrication of the creationist's mind, I suppose you're right. Evolutionists don't actually exist. Therefore you could assign whatever traits you wanted to them, including dishonesty. Evolutionist is a term designed to cast evolution as a faith based notion. The problem is there is no faith in evolution, faith is a belief in something with no proof. Evolution has proof. Therefore it cannot be a faith based idea. A typical creationist attack is to misrepresent their target by creating a strawman of it. They then declare it is wrong and by proxy, the actual theory wrong. It's fundementally weak, but inline with a belief that is scientifically unsound.	0
So? In your religion's view, everyone sins. Their sin is no greater or more unforgiveable than yours.	0
It is in the first place unclear to whom the "further harm" is done. But even granting that the fetus dies, it is not clear how the situation is analogous to abortion, because the intentions of not only the man but even more importantly of the pregnant woman are completely different.	0
Apart from the 'horizontally instead of vertically' part which I didn't understand - we're a hundred or so years too late, unfortunately. You might as well ask for an example of a book or website on cosmology that 'admits' the sun may just be a big ball of fire pushed by a scarab beetle, and not a nuclear furnace about which the earth orbits. There comes a point where continuing to seriously 'consider' a viewpoint becomes a waste of time and resources, because sufficient testing has been done and evidence recovered to discount it. We may one day encounter evidence that completely overturns the whole applecart, but so far it hasn't happened.	0
I think that case was in Georgia (a different state) and so far as I know homosexuality was not involved. However if you want to worry about a legal case you need to look at Dover Pa. Not the sticker case in Cobb County.	0
Actually, if you bothered to pay any attention whatsoever, it actually goes against your point entirely. Just because WSM and I were both in "heterosexual" Style relationships, doesn't change the fact that both of us are indeed homosexuals and therefore proves that homosexuals do indeed have children, planned or not.   Mine too was kind of a suprise. I was on the "pill" but was also taking antibiotics at the time and for anyone who doesn't already know, antibiotics will completely cancel out the affects of the birth control pill. I was NOT aware of this at the time and low-and-behold I ended up pregnant with my son.   p.s. just for general information, I was not taking "the pill" for birth control reasons.   Not all women who are prescribed it are even sexually active at all. The birth control pill contains synthetic or naturally dirived female hormones, which for some women aids them in attaining a more regular period. Many women atheletes are prescribed birth control because being extremely athletic can disrupt, postpone or completely do away with a woman's natural cycle. Taking birth control helps to "normalize" female hormone levels. Such was my case.	0
Hello there. The principle behind a pro-life Christian supporting the death penalty (I am one) is this: We are talking of innocent life. The death penalty is justified for a person who is guilty of commiting a crime against a society that has that law. The child never did anything wrong. I know of other beleivers who don't support the death penalty, so basically, it's an in-house debate.	0
Well, actually society has said that 18 is the dividing line. It can then also say, that under certain circumstances, for a particularly bad person, in some cases it will be considered if the person is 16 or 17. That's why we have all the judges and lawyers, etc...	0
So my question is this: Why doesn't a chihuahua birthe a Siberian husky in the Antarctic, or even in Siberia?   Oh, my other question is this: Why do animals die young instead of adapt?	0
You still don't get it. How many times does it have to be explained to you? Populations evolve. No change of any kind in a single organism is evolution. Evolution is the changes in the hereditary (genetic) makeup of populations over time.   You continue to display your ignorance. Evolution is a process that takes place in living things. Just because all of science contradicts your childish belief in mythology doesn't mean that all science is evolution. Because cosmology contradicts your mythology, it must be evolution. Because astronomy contradicts your mythology, it must be evolution. Because geology contradicts your mythology, it must be evolution.   And that is why creationists are such scary people. Their morality comes from a book and threats of eternal punishment. The fundamentalist christian morality is so shallow that they are unable to conceive that others can actually have a higher morality based on self respect.   And that is meaningless babble. Evolution is a process that has been observed whether you like it or not. It is not a moral statement nor is it a statement of faith. It does not deal with government, laws or culture. Whining about it won't change it.	0
You could put the stranger out even if they had nowhere to go and it was freezing cold out.	0
Right. It's called stasis. Species that are well adapted to their environments tend to change little in a stable environment. It is still true that fossil crocs are not the same as modern crocs. There are obvious differences.	0
It's evidence of EAM. Probably she comes from a large family. Her mother always had her hands full and was on her feet day and night.	0
Another oft-repeated lie.	0
Yes, because its THEIR decision, its THEIR stomachs, and its THEIR lives. I agree that some decisions do need to be made with parental consent, but not this one.   Irrelevant. How does purchasing a house have to do with abortion?   Ok, so what if the kid wants to have the baby and the adults want to get rid of it? What if the adults want her to have the baby and the kid wants to get rid of it? You would force the kid to have a child (that doesn't seem responsible at all), or you would force the kid to abort her child (thereby taking away her son or daughter). Both of those decisions don't sound very consitent or responsible. The decision is best left up to the person that is pregnant, regardless of their age.	0
And my interpretation of my writing is that I didn't mean that. Who has more authority?	0
And your analysis is flat out lacking. What everyone else seems to realize is that the reason Obama won is because of FAR higher turnout, many by African American voters. (Who more tend to be ... taa daa! ... Democrats!) There is definitely a considerable discrepancy in Obama supporters and gay marriage supporters. Of that, there can be no doubt.   And your anaysis of the FL situation is completely removed from reality. FL requires a vote of over 60% for an amendment to pass. It wouldn't pass at 59%, let alone 50. So not only do you demonstrate a lack of even knowing what was needed there, it doesn't even fit as an apt comparison.	0
Then you freely admit that you lied when you said this, and I quote: People like Arch are setting it as opposed to science and in that position it will be doomed to fail.   AND   Arch is doing nothing but distorting the very thing he holds so dear, I mean, how is accurately quoting passages from the bible distorting it in any way? You do nothing but post drivel which makes no factual statements at all. And you call that debating?	0
According to Gallup about 8% of the U.S. population is atheist. Another poll by CUNY found that 7.7% of those polled responded that they had no religion.	0
It depends on the particular situation. Some adoption agencies ask about it, and some don't. Most social workers who do home studies are aware that they have gay clients doing adoptions. Some adoptive gay parents are out about it, and some keep it quiet.   There are currently some foreign countries that require adoptive single parents to sign an affadavit that says, "I am not homosexual." Those are the rules of some foreign countries, notably China, not the United States or any state.   China has recently placed greater restrictions on prospective adoptive parents. They have sharply limited the opportunities for single people to adopt, and it looks like they may prohibit single-parent adoptions entirely. They have also instituted a weight requirement for all adoptive parents. In the case of a couple, their combined weight has to be below a certain figure or they are not allowed to adopt. No fat people allowed to adopt, which cuts out possibly most Americans.	0
Yes it is, police aren't obligated by the US Constitution to protect individual citizens. If they were, lawsuits could be filed every time a crime is committed, and the police would go bankrupt really quick.	0
You need to read what people say more thoroughly, and think about it before you respond. When he said "can" (and there are not many simpler words than that!) It didn't mean "will", "must", or "shall" be more aggressive. It has been shown that in some cases it "CAN" happen. It may not have happened with you. It still might, we don't know. We might even say that it is not likely to happen, but we can't say that it won't, because sometimes some people do behave more aggressively when they have a gun.	0
And where, pray tell are you pulling THIS strawman from?	0
Not heard that before! made me laugh almost as much as your lettuce eating Tyrannosaur	0
no base for calling it a human being? Other than the fact that a fetus is scientifical a human being. Seems you have no basis for saying I can't call a fetus a human being.	0
Because feeling safe isn't the same as being safe.   The people on the airplanes of September 11th felt safe just before the terrorists took over. The Virginia Tech victims felt safe before they knew about the killer that managed to slaughter 32 innocents. Everyone involved in any major massacre has always had plenty of reason to feel safe right up until the killings took place. But the fact remains that none of them were safe. If they were safe then they wouldn't have gotten killed.   Feeling safe is nothing more than a false sense of security that can be destroyed at any given moment. I'd rather not be a victim of some violent incident and mistakenly believe that it could never happen to me.   I'd rather actually being safe as opposed to just feeling safe. Feeling safe is just that: just a feeling, it's not anything tangible, it's not something that will do you any good if somebody decides that you're going to be their next target.	0
If a child comes in for an abortion and fears abuse from her parents then law enforcement should be notified. The only people protected by opposing notification laws are abusers and pedophiles. No elective, invasive medical proceedure should be performed on a child without the consent of a parent or judge.   If a minor is allowed to have an abortion without consent the parents/ guardians will have no idea whats been done to this child should complications arise, they wouldn't be able to give this information to a ER doctor or the childs pediatrition.	0
And what does it matter if they're in the army reserve, or a lawyer, a teacher, a doctor?	0
Be wary of names. 'junk' DNA is not rubbish ... it's called 'junk' because we don't know entirely what it is used for... But just look at all the blank spaces on this post. They are nothing, but they are keeping the words in order.   Evolutionaries are putting too much faith in names of words - such as human embryonic 'gill slits'   or   'transitional' fossil	0
Is that not agnostic? You leave yourself open to change if evidence dictates it.   Sorry if this is just turning into word games.	0
But I already pointed out the mark of Cain in another thread.   http://www.4forums.com/political/sho...57&amp;postcount=1   You see, this particular gene has but two alleles. One exists in the majority of humans. That allele, along with several other genes involved in pigmentation create people with various shades of brown to very brown skin. The second allele was created by a more recent mutation and spread in a more limited population. That allele produces white skin.	0
The idea here is to demonstrate that the odds of them realizing the same Genesis is impossible. That is unless God came back again, spoke his word into a book through the scribblings of random religious scholars. If you accept that this is inevitable, you are delusional.   The most likely thing would be for humans to come up with an entirely different religious doctrine. I would be willing to bet that it would pass through polytheism into monotheism as more information became available and eventually we would end up right where we are now. The problem with this scenario is that evolution would probably never be confirmed since our biological history would not be apparent. We would come up with theories that God made us and perhaps even some screwballs would say we were all part of an experiment and were placed on the planet by our ancestors a couple hundred thousand years prior.	0
and a quote from jitobear:	0
And it's only wishful thinking that they haven't. You are in no better position than I am. You don't know anymore than I do. Science has admitted that antarctica was much warmer several thousand years ago...not only that but the following map shows that the continent was not frozen. And if it was not frozen several hundreds years ago....and it was not frozen 4-5,000 years ago, as it was stated on this next seal link, then it's pretty safe to say that animals and humans could have both been there in recent history (within a few thousand years.) I agree this is no proof that it was attached, however, it is proof that the weather/temperature was DRASTICALLY different on antarctica than science has admitted.....and there's got to be a reason for this drastic change in temperatures.   http://www.world-mysteries.com/sar_1.htm   http://news.nationalgeographic.com/n...ent-seals.html   In an Antarctic "ghost town," freeze-dried whiskers, skin, and bones provide evidence that the South Pole was a much warmer place not too long ago, a new study reveals.   "We thought, This is really strange. If they are elephant seals, what are they doing here?" Hall said.   The discovery, scientists say, is the first hard evidence for a warming period in the region between 2,300 and 1,100 years ago.   An earlier warming period, between 6,000 and 4,000 years ago, has been recognized by other researchers and is believed to have been widespread, at least throughout the Southern Hemisphere. (so widespread that there wasn't snow on the ground and it wasn't frozen over!)	0
No, but the Roman persecution of Christians, covering Christians in pitch, Roman garden parties, witnesses for Christ being killed for their faith etc. is as irrelevant as it gets. Just be careful, that's all I'm saying. There is a place for that topic.	0
Cases v United States, 131 F. 2d 916 (1st Cir. 1942), cert. Denied sub nom., Velazquez v. U.S, 319 U.S. 770 (1943). Basically, The US Curcuit Court upheld that the Second Amendment didn't apply to weapons that couldn't be carried by an individual.	0
And Eisenhower:	0
They are both written in the bible. Neither of them have any evidence (apart from the bible) to support their existence. One of them has been proven to be utterly false. This naturally discredits the other, as they appear in the same publication by the same author. Why decide one is true when the other is clearly not, and neither have any other supporting evidence?	0
Please define "climb upward" and "downhill slide" in biologically meaningful terms. Please define "degeneration."	0
and this:	0
"One day you're going to realize that you're "evangelizing" and "witnessing" have pushed far more people away from religion then has brought them in."   "You're not telling people about God, you're guilting them and putting them down. You're drawing an imaginary line that separates "us" from "them", and you're cutting yourself off from other people. When Jesus "evangelized" (I believe with all my heart he would hate that word), he made honest friends, not with the purpose to "convert" them. He didn't hand them a track and scare them into being a Christian. No wonder people hate Christians, for God's sake I'm starting to hate Christians."   Maybe you should follow your own advice...   jim:   Yes, God loves Saddam but He hates the way he is acting.	0
I believe studies have already been done on that subject.	0
So your only link to gay rights and polygamy is a statement put out by a gay rights conference 30 years ago that does not EXPLAIN a link to polygamy, but shows it's support for it?   Hn ...   I'm with Justine on this one. This is a bit of a stretch.   It would be like me implying that your support for "traditional marriage" also supports spousal abuse just because marriages in the past allowed for wife beatings.	0
I got an interesting tid bit for you:   http://www.2ampd.net/Articles/difiElitist.htm   First read the text. The anti-gun senator is noted for having the ONLY legal concealed gun in the city of San Francisco.   Also note as a person who carried a concealed gun and still keeps a .357 magnum for protection, that she should KEEP YOUR FINGER OFF THE TRIGGER, until your aming at your target.	0
Well, if you breed them, you could get taller monkeys with less hair (and other humanlike characteristics). Even so, it would take a long time.	0
A perfect example of why Christian fundamentalismm and evolution can't co-exist. If God is wrong, then the Bible is wrong. Evolution contradicts the Bible, plain and simple.	0
No, I'm saying it's OK because abortion is legal in this country. I was just pointing out that it's also legal to execute a convicted killer, and it's fine and dandy to declare wars where many people will die. "Thall shalt not kill, unless there is a war".   Legally there is a difference. But let's just toss that out for a second. The end result is exactly the same. Eyes fogged over no longer care whether it was fun or self defense.   It's only time it's your call, is when it's suicide.	0
If you feed me a lot of caffinated coffee i start to wiggle and squirm too. I'm not really in any pain.	0
I think such a move would qualify as a recognized declaration of war.	0
Actually, it's not conjecture. The genetic makeup of the several subspecies of arctic foxes bear it out. The dominant allele is rare because it is less adaptive. The dominant allele is most likely ancestral. But even foxes below the Arctic circle show differences in their fur between summer and winter. So yes, foxes that were able to change color in the north had a differential reproductive advantage over those who couldn't.	0
Whether or not the 2nd Amendment was written to provide for the protection of the States from a foreign invasion, or border dispute, or Civil War, it is clear that the objective of the 2nd Amendment is to address the basic provisions and control required to form a militia reporting to the President.   One of the provisions to form a militia is explicitly stated in the   2nd Amendment as the unrestricted Right of the individual to own guns.   At that time in our history, when a militia was formed, it was expected that individuals would bring their own gun(s) to the militia. That provision is THE IMPLICIT PURPOSE of the Right of the individual to own guns.   Within the 2nd Amendment, there are NO OTHER IMPLICIT, NOR EXPLICIT purposes pertaining to the unrestricted Right of the individual to own gun(s).   In other words, the 2nd Amendment does NOT IMPLICITLY, NOR EXPLICITLY suggest or expand its purpose beyond what it required for a militia, and the control of a militia.   The 2nd Amendment does NOT provide an individual the Right to own gun(s) for the PURPOSE OF providing for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..   Therefore, ANY OTHER PURPOSE OR REASON for the possession of guns that has been attributed to rights under the 2nd Amendment is based entirely upon thoughts and purposes that were NOT IN THE MINDS OF the Founding Fathers when the 2nd Amendment was written.   The Founding Fathers knew many people required guns to provide for food, income, and home-defense. Yet, the Founding Fathers did not separate the purpose of the unrestricted Right of individuals to own guns for a militia, from the SOLE PURPOSE of owning guns for the creation of a militia.   The Founding Fathers did not write the 2nd Amendment in a manner that   would even suggest that the Right of an individual to own guns had purposes beyond a militia, that would provide for: food, self-defense, target practice, a hobby as a collector, or fun..   We may therefore conclude that, any reason or purpose for an individual owning a gun, OTHER THAN for a militia, is not provided for under the 2nd Amendment, and that current gun laws for private ownership of guns is mistaken.   Justifications or reasons to provide individuals with a Right to own guns for a purpose or reason other than a militia, would have to be based on some Amendment, other than the 2nd Amendment, to determine if any such Right exists for individual gun ownership exists.   That the Founding Fathers did not write all Amendments with the explicit and specific Rights of individuals for every condition and circumstance is self-explanatory, as the size of the Bill of Rights and the Constitution would be enormous, and the Founding Fathers would still be busy writing the Bill of Rights and a Constitution if that was the case.   However, the Founding Fathers were very careful in their use of words and phrases, and in the logical composition of a Constitution, and that they decided not to specify other purposes exist that justify individual gun ownership, beyond a militia, in the 2nd Amendment. That decision would appear to be intentional.   Although it might ideal to understand all that the Founding Fathers had in mind, when the Constitution was written, it must also be understood   and concluded that what was the basis for a rational giving the Founding Fathers reasons to create an Amendment, and chose specific terms, phrases, and specifics, may not exist today, nor even be of any importance.   For example, individuals need not carry guns from their home to where our troops will gather. Today?s ?militia? provides for the a militia?s need, and an individual?s need for guns. What the Founding Fathers once wrote with respect to an individual possessing a gun for the purpose of a militia and the remainder of the 2nd Amendment requires revision or elimination.	0
Banning abortion is a tool with which to punish women you deem promiscuous or immoral and recreate through a police state a mythical golden age of christian virtue, got you.   The rest is just a cover story in the same way biblical creationists who want their religion brought into the school system advocate "intelligent design".   They call it "lying for baby Jesus".	0
Nope. Not part of evolutionary theory. It would be stupid to claim that increased genetic variability would "disallow" any portion of the population from breeding.	0
So what? If somebody wants to die then they'll kill themselves no matter what.	0
wrong again,   only 154 justifiable homicides out of thousands of murders   * In 2005, 30,694 people in the United States died from firearm-related deaths – 12,352 were murdered; 17,002 killed themselves; 789 were accidents; 330 died by police intervention, and in 221, the intent was unknown. 6 In comparison, 33,651 Americans were killed in the Korean War and 58,193 Americans were killed in the Vietnam War.7   * An additional 71,417 people were shot and survived their injuries -- 52,748 people injured in an attack; 3,190 people injured in a suicide attempt; 14,678 people shot accidentally, and 801 people shot in a police intervention.8   * In 2004, firearms were used to murder 56 people in Australia, 184 people in Canada, 73 people in England and Wales, 5 people in New Zealand, and 37 people in Sweden.9 In comparison, firearms were used to murder 11,344 in the United States.10   * In 2006, there were only 154 justifiable homicides by private citizens using handguns in the United States.11   * For every time a gun is used in a home in a legally-justifiable shooting [note that every self-defense is legally justifiable] there are 22 criminal, unintentional, and suicide-related shootings.17   * The presence of a gun in the home triples the risk of homicide in the home.18   * The presence of a gun in the home increases the risk of suicide fivefold.19	0
You know, I cannot even remember if we covered it in middle school or high school biology. I do remember learning about Mendel and his genetics, but I swear I can't remember if we even mentioned Darwin's name. If we spent any time on it at all, it was very little.   Our biology classes were mostly devoted to taxonomy, anatomy/physiology, and cellular machinery.	0
Prove your assertion that he has called himself a conservative Christian rather than a conservative Republican OP. Support your clai if you can or stop trying to lump everyone on the right together.	0
Actually, qualified biologists know no such thing. In fact, I've never known one who would agree with that assertion. Can you give us some peer reviewed references to support your assertion?	0
Yet another alleged lie, by the Hillary-haters, shown not to be.	0
Yep, he dodged it again. Care to explain your views on Creation in the Tanakh for the folks here?	0
I believe that's true, and as a "believer" (creationist), here is what is hard to understand about that; In Matthew, 12:30, Jesus says "He who is not with me is against me, and he who does not gather with me scatters". It is safe to say that both creationists and theistic evolutionists would accept that statement from Jesus, and would seek to be "with" him, while agnostic and atheists would consider themselves "not with" him. Yet theistic evolutionists are comfortable to (usually politically) be "with" agnostics and atheists, and separate themselves from creationists. If they're genuine Christians, knowing about the warnings in the Bible about false teachings, how can they be comfortable with that?   Miller laments in several places throughout the book that atheists use evolution as a weapon against religion, and that it shouldn't be that way - that it causes more strife between the two than should exist.	0
ur wierd!!!!!!!!!	0
Yea that was uncle John!	0
No, not really...	0
And that's when her career and popularity took a nosedive.   Now that she's no longer playing the activist, she's becoming popular again.	0
You think so? Then accept my terms. Go ahead. See if you're right.	0
Better is worse? See above.	0
I'm not.   ---	0
Obviously not. If the right to life trumps all other rights, then it follows that the mother's right to life and the child's right to life cancel each other out.   Mind you, if it's her choice then the pro-life movement endorses such heroism, right?	0
Is that all you've got?	0
And how is this a bad thing?	0
The quad 50 full automatic anti-aircraft gun is designed to oscillate on it's mount. This is so that the bullets will come out in a pattern. This pattern along with tracer rounds helps the shooter guide the blizzard of bullets at the aircraft. Even this only works at low altitudes. Modern planes typically fly at ~30K feet. That's more than 5 miles high! A perfect bullet, or one that is fired in a vaccum with an initial velocity of 2800 fps will only go ~25k feet before gravity alone will have reduced it's velocity to 0 fps. The odds of hitting something that is moving at ~900 fps at any distance with a bullet traveling at ~2800fps are slim to none. That is why anti-aircraft guns are full auto, not a semiauto or anything that a citizen has access to legally.	0
This is obviously not talking about abortion.	0
Like the docking simulation, in development there is a pre-existing fitness landscape (the womb). Both processes converge on similar endpoints each time it is run, both process are biased to a few endpoints and both processes reach local optima (e.g. skin cells) after the process id complete.   http://mybroadband.co.za/vb/picture....pictureid=1857   Figure 1: Similarities between development and a docking simulation employing a memetic algorithm.   There are certainly many parallels between our own designed simulated docking runs and the development of life.	0
The Sun was crucial in the evolution of most life on the planet, but it may not have been the main cause of the very beginning of life. There are hypotheses that energy necessary, chemical catalysts available, Carbon, Nitrogen, Hydrogen, but not Oxygen apart from being part of the Water molecule. There are tectonic activated hot springs and chimneys in the deep sea. There is an availability of Sulfur, heat energy, and the triggering of a Sulphur based metabolism. It was internal energy from up welling and down welling of hot magma which in turn was fuelled by core radioactivity. Some even speculate that the very centre of the core may be pure Uranium.   However, there is no need to debate the Second Law of Thermodynamics. It is a ruse by Magical Creationists who deliberately and in my opinion deceptively make Earth a closed entropy system.   Cuchulainn   PS: Fundies have an obligation to show why the fires of Hell are exempt from the 2nd Law. I already know the answer. Hell is imaginary and imaginary things do not gain entropy.	0
Oh shut up! You're just sore because your side lost in the McDonald case and now you're left with absolutely nothing. You know that many gun laws are going to fall to the sword of justice, and you just can't stand the fact that your side is going to be brought back into check, just like any other.	0
I think a more telling question would be, why the hell would you rather feel constantly threatened than feel safe? It seems completely idiotic to me.   Smiley	0
Oh I can easily spend $1,000 dollars an hour. If I could I would also have plenty of reason to live to be 114.	0
Tell me who directed it.	0
Maybe He doesn't punish them.	0
Yes, they do show a faithful devotion to the ultimate reality that there are no gods. You're an atheist, aren't you?	0
my my you are up on the current events. Thanks for shedding light on this for everyone here.	0
You know that what you call "immoralism" is my life. Why do you hate me so much that you would be willing to deny my the happiness that you take forgranted and as your due? You don't even know me yet you are willing to defame me just because I am different from you. I don't understand how I am running over you by living my life openly and wanting the same thing as you the right to consider whom I choose to be my family. If you have an opinion about gay rights thats fine. If you want to deny me the same rights, as you take for granted, because of your opinion and beliefs though laws then that is bigotry.	0
Done	0
Assuming this right exists....you could say that you have no right to kill it though, you can only try to starve it.   -You have consented sex and get pregnant. The pregnancy is a direct consequence that was known when having sex.   -You have consented to a stranger coming into your house to eat dinner. The stranger coming in and sitting down and using your plates and eating your food is a direct consequences of you inventing him in for dinner.   -If you say you don't want the unborn to "live off you" anymore then the only thing you can do is starve it because you can't kill it as it did nothing that it was not allowed to do until just now.   -You have decided the stranger must go, however, you don't have a right to kill him right there as you didn't give him any reasonable time to leave.	0
First, I think you may have misunderstood the "pro-life mantra" seeing how many pro-lifers think it permissable to disconnect life-support systems in certain circumstances, which necessarily results in a person's death. But nevertheless, I think we agree that for purposes of the abortion discussion, it is a closer analogy to assume the violinst is only connected for nine months, and no longer than if we assume the violinist to be connected for some other arbitrary period of time. Am I correctly discerning an agreement on that?	0
you should be allowed to buy as many as you want to	0
This decision was not solely based on self, but then, I really don't give a if you want to call me selfish - the facts speak for themselves.	0
OH? What U.S. Code governs that? What does it say?	0
Rahm Emanuel for one. He seems to sum up the message very well.   And then there's Carolyn McCarthy who actually introduced the bill that, if passed into law, would cancel your Second Amendment rights just because your name is on the no fly list.   Just two names, perhaps, but they're the names of people in a very powerful and dangerous position, capable of making very bad things happen.	0
The 'teachings' either have no substance, or are certainly not original. Demonstrate categorically just who is the Son of God, and why this figure commands worship and obeisance.	0
I believe this is wrong. But this is a private company, and if they want to discriminate based on religion, that's fine, just as a church may outlaw atheists. Do I agree with it? No. But does it have to do with our debate? No. This is about the science classroom. Also, again abiogenesis is a hypothesis, the same level as ID.	0
Things like future proof of a young earth - evolution needs billons of years. Or proof of severe weather conditions that would destroy the evolutionary process. Life on earth dies completely if it gets out of a fairly narrow temperature range, any time during those billions of years.	0
(Note the key word "also," which admits that it's human).   As for the rest, This is more of the sort of "defensive rationalization" I talked about earlier, i.e. when people find it more rewarding to self-righteously defend their wrongdoings and thus shirk their responsibility to others, than to shoulder the burdens to those they have harmed, and thus they act in self-absorbed narcissism and sociopathic dissociation, while likewise waxing arrogant in self-deceiving affirmation of their own "brilliance" and other superiority to do as they please, by simply denying said consequences however obvious-- illustrated here, by simply calling a fetus a "parasite" and thus daintily strutting off away from one's obvious duties to it, despite admitting it's also human.   However, a human being forced into dependency on another for its life, is not a "parasite," but a VICTIM, and thus has the right to aid from the ones responsible for that dependency.   Since you've admitted that it's human, then the remainder is plain; it also has the right to aid from the one responsible for its dependency, i.e. the man and woman in question who proximately caused it to be in its dependent situation through their willful actions in full knowledge of that risk.   Here, the doctrine of Strict Liability would apply, in that normal sexual contact carries the inherent risk of pregnancy.   This doctrine already applies to men, and should likewise apply to women who choose to abort in spite of their responsibility to the prenatal human in question, created and made dependent on her for its life through her intentional actions.	0
And for good reason. Electrical engineers in general have a pretty poor track record when discussing issues that have nothing to do with... electrical engineering. Examples: Walter ReMine, Fred Williams, etc.	0
Actually, natural selection tends to preserve a species with only minor changes in a stable environment. But environments tend to change. I don't know what that "incipient organ" junk is supposed to mean. Is that another way of saying "what good is half a wing." Well, check out a penguin to find out. Look at a seal flipper. It has the same bones, arranged in the same way as a monkey. What good is it for a land animal? And what does "fully functional" mean? What function? Perhaps the new organ had a different purpose - take the clawed hands of fossil birds for example. They were good for catching prey and climbing, just like they were for their dinosaur ancestors. But those clawed wings also allowed early birds to fly.	0
By removing you mean Killing the innocent of course, which is different to imprisonment of the criminal.	0
You know how those anti-gunners are?they just kinda get stuck in that same old revolving door.Can't come up with anything new so they rehash.	0
Maybe you'll have to clear up the difference between "understanding" and "knowing." I know what I think the difference is, but I need to know what you mean when you say "I understand that there is definitely no god."   Personally, I understand that we have no verification one way or another.   All I know is that I don't know one way or the other.	0
Well, that's generally true of any process that uses energy. Some is wasted.	0
You know, your comparison of those that fought to end segregation, to those that fight to enact gun ban and gun control laws, is nothing more than a cheap and dirty tactic that does nothing to address the issue, and everything to suggest that breaking the law is alright if you're a politician or legislator.   There's a very large difference between people like Rosa Parks, and the mayor of Philadelphia; gun ownership is protected by the Constitution, segregation wasn't.   The fact that you're comparing those who instituted civil disobedience for good reasons, to those who want to violate state laws to pass their own laws because they think they know better and have a right to do so, just shows that you can't address the point at hand.	0
Just because you don't have a handle on what civil rights are doesn't make the phrase arbitrary. It's a legal term, not a catch phrase. I'm not a lawyer, I couldn't track down the exact definition they use in Massachusetts, but rest assured they have one.	0
The 7 day creation I am referring to, not merely the possibility of divine creation through the Big bang etc	0
So you're actually claiming that it is a lie to say that the UK has a lower gun crime rate than the US? Even if the police were miscounting crimes it's still a huge and unjustified leap in logic to conclude from that that the UK does not have a lower gun crime rate.	0
Source?	0
You weren't referring to your home in your little story of helplessness.	0
Iangb, I would have thought that you would be intellectually honest enough to have (at least) accepted the fact that I have supported my claims.   I also thought that (by now) someone from your side of the abortion issue would step in (in this thread or by private message) and hold you to your claims of being 'intellectually honest.'   At this point, I actually have you questioning Planned Parenthood's definitions?   QUOTE;	0
Because guns are the best method available on the market. Settling for second best when you could have the best is just stupid.   Better locks? The best they'll do is slow down the person seeking to harm you, their effectiveness is contingent on the strength of the door they're on.   Alarms? So somebody will know that you're in danger, what then? That won't get the police there any faster than dialing 911.   Non-lethal weapons? Somethings non-lethal is a non-option. Brandishing a can of pepper spray won't cause an attacker to flee for their life, it won't hold them at bay until the police arrive to arrest them, it won't stop a violent individual from across the room, and it sure as hell won't affect somebody that's doped up on narcotics.   And stun guns are more useless than knives, because as I've said before, you need to get right up against your attacker to use them. You have to get within stabbing distance to shock them, do you really want that to be your best option for protecting yourself? The idea is to keep the bad guy away from you, not let them get right next to you.   All of these non-lethal devices, they set up the false notion that the life of a criminal intent on hurting or possibly killing you, is worth more than your own life. That belief is stupid and should be done away with. Ask any woman that's ever been raped if they feel that their attacker deserves to live more than they do.	0
First of all. Excuse me for my english writing-skills.   Being a Norwegian citizen with free universal healthcare, it is pretty hard to understand why many of you Americans are so afraid of a little more govermental influence in the healtcare-business. Everybody knows that healthcare costs money. So why accept that a large ammount of your money is going right in the pockets of the insurancecompanies? Shouldn´t your money result in healthcare and not in profit for some greedy company?   To be honest I´m happy to be Norwegian instead of American.   When I get sick I can go to any hospital and get the best treatment available without having to worry about the costs. What´s wrong with that guys? Of course it comes at a price. We probably pay higher taxes than you. But I do not pay for insurance, and bottom line I think most people are better off this way. At least I´m getting healthcare for my money without supporting insurancecompanies that makes a profit out of peoples health-issues.   Any comments?	0
I'm not aware that the police used violence in arresting any of the people discussed in this case. Besides, I'm not discussing personal morality here, I'm discussing what should be legal, and what is practical in a society where not everyone shares the same moral views. Government is there to apply limits to what is permitted, based on the will of the people.	0
Every relationship does entail moral obligations in one way or another, but the argument is that there is no relationship that morally obligates one to share ones body. They are trying to generalize 'moral obligations' as if that justifies anything. There are things that cannot be morally obligated, no matter the relationship, so the argument tries to prove.	0
Sorry, but that's not in the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment. Try again.	0
As is obvious, not all would.	0
Good idea!	0
Not true Our laws were originally founded on the precepts of the 10 commandments........	0
It's not tough, especially for close stars.   http://www.uwgb.edu/dutchs/CosmosNotes/distance.htm   You use triangulation based on the orbit of the earth.	0
Armour piercing ammo, 100% legal. Here is where you can buy SS109 armour piercing ammo: http://ammoman.com/   I agree, the Brady Bill is laughable to criminals who want the contraban items. You do not even have to buy them, you can make them yourself.   I agree that the cops are not the best protection. The best protection is YOU for YOURSELF. Only you are on the spot the quickest when you are threatened. Only you are able the judge quickest weather your saftey is threatened. Seach on any engine: police accidental shooting. It is quite alarming how many times cops shoot the innocent. If cops can get to a crime scene in time, they have to sort out the criminal and the victim very quickly under difficult conditions. In essence, they do not get the whole story, until it is over. You may even gen a criminal pretending to be a victim, only to shoot the cops in the back. That is why victims at the crime scene are the best judge of who needs to be shoot first.   For my own personal situation, I do not recommend just buying a gun for protection. Also seek training and lots of it. Then practice, practice, practice, and then practice some more. No matter how justified you are defending your life with firearm, you must still defend your actions in a court of law, especially if human life was taken.   I do not agree with people carrying firearms with no training. That is a very personal decision and I will not stop anyone from carrying a firearm if they choose to do so.	0
Wrong and no one has ever called bone marrow an inner sanctum and I don't know what a baby's tabernacle might be.	0
If you wanted to be picky about it, I guess you could say that it was a form of last-ditch birth control, after the other forms failed.	0
LOL! If my post was about either of those things, I would cut it down. The vast majority of the post, however, is about the objections to irreducible complexity.	0
And why would I be anti Christianity when I am Christian?   Oh and by the way to who ever it was who said I don't believe in Jesus, or something to that extent, I never said anything to that extent, you just made up what you wanted and got mad about it. I believe in the teachings of Jesus. Yes I'm betting your asking me how I know about his teachings if I have never read the bible, My mom is someone who has re-read the bible like 6 or 7 times. So she's told me all about it, and what its supposed to teach us.	0
So please, feel free to leave this thread to those who DO wish to discuss the issue. No one is forcing you to discuss the topic of this or any other thread. I notice you evidently are not interested in "Understanding "Sexual Prejudice"" That is absolutely fine with me.   Or are you now opposed to "Freedom of Speech" also?	0
To the extent that working toward social change on any moralistic issue is an 'imposition', sure. But I think one could say that about anything that has a social effect.	0
Sorry, your going to have to explain to me how Swiss gun laws are in anyway relevant to a shooting in Missouri.   Missouri allows concealed carry, it's unfortunate for the victims that ABB does not.	0
And how does this compare to your ideas on artificial selection?	0
Oh, don't be so hasty Bear in mind that at the scale upon which bacteria operate, molecules are significant physical structures. The bacterial flagellum, for instance, is an outboard motor constructed directly out of proteins, which are in turn directly, physically translated via RNA from DNA sequences. The physical shape of the folded molecular structure of those proteins is what makes the motor work. So there's nothing abstract about the relationship between DNA and the organism's physical form or abilities.	0
Can I tidy up this leftover part...? Fractionally.	0
17-	0
Just like we waited until after society decided how it would view civil rights for blacks?   No one is forcing you to debate the constitutional issues. If you don't wish to, fine; don't. I seriously doubt if anyone would miss your input.	0
What is your point? Should we revert to old laws that allow for slavery?   Over the history of mankind we have struggled to understand God. God has revealled part of Himself to us, but it is difficult for the limited mind to know the unlimited mind.   The US had laws enabling this? Does this mean you weren't a democracy then?   When you were a child, and had total awe of your parents, and believed what they told you, were you less of a person then?   Surely you understand that what your parents taught you then, was a part of you growining and becoming an adult.   God for instance calls Himself 'Father'. This isn't because He has 'male sex organs' but because it is the best way for us to understand His relationship to us.   Likewise, the Jews made laws in order to best live according to God's Will. They did make mistakes, and got bogged down in the law. Jesus came (as promised by God) and liberated us from the entrapment we had set for ourselves.   Surely you don't advocate that we should return to a strict observence of Mosaic laws?	0
Reasonable people would look for justification for their beliefs.   Many who have beliefs based on faith, however, accept things because they feel like accepting them. Including, absolute truths, and contradictions.   The resultant SHOULD be peaceful acceptance because after all, they can both be correct, yet be in contradiction, according to faith-based belief systems. The reality would probably be, as you say, that they would mix up faith and reason and start claiming one is "actually correct", and the other is "The work of the devil", and proceed to clobber the other religion, absorb their members, abordb the traditions that were "popular" from the other religion, rename them and re-color them to match their religion, and carry on proclaiming truth and the afterlife and mercy and whatever else pops into their heads.   That's of course, based on what I've seen and read.   -Mach	0
Is there something wrong with choosing to have a cheese sandwich as opposed to peanut butter and jelly? Do you prefer actually having to make personal moral choices or do you need a rigid and inviolable instruction manual to run your life?	0
Just so you know Peach, the 167 death row inmates are now serving life in prison. At least that one who's not guilty might now have a chance to be free.	0
No, I think you're trying to do more than that. You're trying to say that the increase in crime is due to a lack of gun ownership, aren't you? Because if you are, the article you cite doesn't back up that claim.   What, no actual data to back up any of your claims? Do you have access to US crime numbers? How many armed breakins do you get in a country where people do have guns? That's the comparison that needs to be made here.	0
Where were the French on D-Day and the Normandy Invasion when Hitler was burglering their Nation? I don't recall history mentioning a Frenchman around but the Americans were saving their rears once again...	0
OK try the US Constitution. We are a representative democratic republic not a majority rule nation. Majorities hold certain powers but they are limited. Minorities continue to have rights which may not be infringed by the majority. Amibiguity and sharing of interests in various types of personal and social decisions is a necessary component of this system. We are built on compromise and that has served us well.	0
Is it correct to assume that in the presence of the precursors of the standard genetic code (e.g. intermediates of glucose degradation and the citric acid cycle), the intimate relationship between these molecules resulted in the inevitable organization of the genetic code (global optimum of the system)?   Articles 5-7   These articles discuss fascinating mathematical representation of the genetic code. For example, in article 6 a representation of the genetic code as a six–dimensional Boolean hypercube is proposed.   Abstract:	0
The quality of life ethic is far different from sactity/dignity of life ethic. A quality of life ethic carried out to its logical conclusions does not promote a pro-life society. Instead, there would be genocide against the handicapped, elderly, and people who people of power have deemed life unworthy of life. The problem with this ethic is that it is centered in arbritrary people deciding arbritarily which person passes the "quality of life" test.	0
I believe once you have the rights granted persons that they may not be taking away because you are asleep or in a coma. Not unless of course it can be shown that higher brain activity has ceased and there is no reasonable expectation that it could return.	0
You haven't proven anything. All you have done is spew your same old drivel which ignores what I actually say and reinterprets it to mean what you want it to say. You must corrupt what I say since you can't accept the truth of my beliefs and win your fallacious argument.	0
No proof anyone ever went from gay orientation to straight orientation.	0
Because their properties are contradictory.	0
After what the Fins been through, fighting the mother country, the Soviet Union under Lenin and then Russia and Germany and finally Germany, I doubt they are going to let their own government take away their guns??   Most folks have learned to leave those Finns alone.	0
Actually I think most people DO realize this.	0
I'll assume this is figurative since they do not literally melt.	0
Well, I am a creationist, and I would hope I can think logically (it's generally a good quality for an accountant and tax attorney to have). The difference between microevolution and evolution as an explanation for the beginning of a species is simple. In microevolution a species is simply adapting to it's environments. In evolution as is usually meant by the word you are talking about the formation of an entirely new creature from inorganic compounds. If this is possible I pose a few questions for you.   1) Why have no new creatures evolved from inorganic compounds in human memory?   2) How did these inorganic compounds decide that some creatures should evolve, while others of the same species did not? Why are there not some apes that have evolved into humans by now? Why didn't all apes evolve into humans?   3) One of my favorite pieces of confusion from evolutionists involve fossils. How do you know how old a fossil is? Every evolutionist I have asked has stated that fossils are dated by the rock layer they are found in, but if you then ask them how the rock layer is dated they answer that it is dated by the fossils that where discovered in it! That's a classical example of circular reasoning.   I am not a scientist, so I cannot present all the evidence against evolution as clearly as someone with a scientific education and background might do. If you are truly interested in learning more about the creationist arguments against evolution you can check out the article located at http://www.answersingenesis.org/docs2004/1106ng.asp. This article also has many links to other articles with even more information.	0
**   Actually it provided proof that RMNS doesn't explain the development of hands and feet, but I don't expect you to be able to understand that.	0
First of all rape is one of the most under-reported crimes so it makes sense that abortion due to rape/incest is also under-reported so that makes your assumptions and numbers off.But of course you are missing the whole point.You are not the one being raped so it isn't YOUR choice.I don't need you making choices for me or telling me what is and isn't good for my emotional health.If one gets raped and DOES NOT want to be pregnant who are you tell them they have to be? Abortion should be legal for everybody who wants one not just rape/incest victims,for the simple reason that no human being has the right to substain life by using the body of another why should a fetus have more rights than actual persons?	0
Why would that even be expected? When you consider that it is important to maintain some sort of consistency in study populations, obvious mutants are excluded from the breeding stock. And yet, there are frequent observed mutations. In fact, my elder son once observed two mutations in a single fly in one of his populations. One fly had no wings and white eyes.	0
No I do not say that the creation of energy and matter   did not coincide the creation of the laws that govern/regulate   them. What I say is that the laws are not the RESULTS of the   existence of energy, matter etc.	0
"The Civil War was fought to establish the principle that each person owns his own body - a principle that the pro-life crowd is trying to destroy."   Each owns his own body? Are you talking about the woman or the child in the womb?	0
again, please review the definition of an atheist   humor cannot be observed by apparatus that test the physical realm. it is an abstract and intangible quality. so is beauty, artistic ability and pleasure. yet these things exist and are as real to an atheist as it is to a theist. an atheist does not need a devine revelation to appreciate intangible qualities or account for their existence. they can be detected through mental processing, and communicated so that others can agree on the quality and identify it when it is present.   being an atheist does not preclude belief in the existence of intangible and abstract things. it just precludes the belief in god and a spiritual/supernatural realm	0
Yes, I believe there will be a lot more to come (as you said, just look at the "hobbits" that were recently discovered). I love this sort of look into the migrations of everyone over the last 160,000 years or so.	0
At 13 - abortion, unless she is uniquely physically advanced. It's incredible how many men are sure being pregnant is no big deal....   Steve - regarding whether she can consent to abortion.   Technically I don't think a minor can consent to either sex or abortion in any state (unless emancipated). I know that is how it is in Minnesota. I am sure the laws vary from state to state.   Medical decisions generally fall to the parents.   I know whether minors should have access to abortion without parental notifications is a controversial issue. On the surface one would think, of course not - but there is concern for those girls who are in abusive situations at home. And as I told VOR, if I had a daughter bound and determined not to tell me, I would rather she have access to safe abortion than resort to something drastic.   A baby pregnant - yikes. Personally I think it's innapropriate and dangerous for a little girl to carry a pregnancy to term. But I would sure love to simply avoid it through better prevention. I do not think an abortion would be anything but scary for her either - but technically, at that age, it would be safer.   Steve - in no way, shape or form is a 13 year old ready for this - not physically, mentally or emotionally - not for pregnancy, and certainly not for parenting. I have a neices that old - good gracious - no way!	0
Just a newly-evolved structure. It happens.	0
We agree!   Excellent!	0
So, you don't see how stating that in a functioning democratic society guns belong only in the hands of the state is not anti gun?? Maybe you could give us an example of a statement that is more anti gun that that because I am having trouble imagining one.	0
I think he meant a sycophant.	0
Please off one scientific piece of evidence in support of biblical creation.	0
See above	0
And folks that refuse to see the legitimate ones put us all at risk. Touche.	0
If same sex couples are offered equal rights under a PACS (or some other legally recognized union) as married couples, why does it matter which "door" they come in through? They get all the same benefits, including the benefits that come when one partner dies.   What's the beef...except that you can't say that you're "married"?	0
Theres a book my mom has called "The trouble with Islam" by some lady. I don't know her name, but it looks like it may bee a good book for you.	0
So why are you here? Do you have anything to offer of any substance?	0
You are correct, but contingency must be in place to deal with it when it occurs.   Look at what happened in Eire with "Case X" in 1992- what happens when a country with the most restrictive abortion laws in Europe has to face up to the issue of pregnacy as a consequence of rape:   http://www.prochoiceforum.org.uk/ireland6.asp   Pages 12-13 of this EU report (Adobe Acrobat reader required):   http://www.newr.bham.ac.uk/pdfs/Repr...m%20Bremen.pdf	0
But people start threads here all the time against Christianity regardless of whether someone claims something here about it or not. It's prejudice, pure and simple, and you're no exception. Now, one would think, being the supposedly non-Christian enlightened person you are, you would simply say "oh, I didn't realize that my posts came across as anti-Christian sometimes, and that it indicates a prejudice on my part, and will try to not have prejudices in my thinking." I mean, one would think those of you are do this sort of thing would be happy that someone had pointed out the obvious prejudice going on, as it would be a case to help you move away from prejudicial thinking.	0
You then cite the Wikipedia entry on Spencer:	0
Sure you do . Because like any reprobate, what is wrong, is right to you; and what is right, is wrong to you. So of course you consider anything i believe to be wrong. But just so my original statement isn't lost to your attack, here it is again so it can be clearly interpreted without your tainted condemnation.   Archangel The ugly reality of life in America today regarding the secular humanist Left is that they support free speech as long as you agree with them. If you disagree with them, you are branded as a religious zealot who's determined to take their rights away. What they don't want you to ever realize is that it is they who are tearing at the traditions and customs that America was built upon and gained us the respect of the World at large. And it is their corruption of the morals and values America once represented that is the cause of so much hatred and disrespect from the rest of the World today.   So thanks to the liberal immoral left, we are seen as the moral evil of the World. Not because of the Religious Right as the Left would have you believe.	0
Just to be sure you understood, it was the picture below that picture you were supposed to look at.	0
That sentence doesn't even make sense. Did it occur to you that you should actually think about what you are going to say and express actual ideas?	0
No, it's not an "inability" at all. It's a simple matter of you trying to take what IS a religious issue for many people and divorce it from religion altogether. That's not going to happen for many people.   And BTW, if you are going to refer to people as "Antis", at least be upfront about what you feel they are "anti-" toward. "Anti-gay?" "Anti-gay marriage?" What?   But behind that are deeper, more fundamental issues about what homosexuality IS and the morality of it. To many people who view homoseuxality as immoral, your movement seems to be trying to write immorality into law.	0
It's NOT any of my business, but when presenting information to the readers at large, such topics need to be ####ing addressed, something militant pro-abortionist seldom want to bring up.   I'm actually happy that you had a good operation and think more should go into ensuring ALL women have the same low risk proceedures when necessary.   We're dealing with health aspects, all, not just selective. And there may even be things I'm not aware about to consider.	0
I've never been to Amsterdam.   A friend of mine went and he liked it.   I'd like to go someday.   Hell, I'd just like to get my XXX anywhere, really.	0
Actually, one can argue that it was a pagan institution long before it was a religious one.	0
um, yeah, you could say that... (won't argue... left up to the evolution board)	0
So the founding fathers and their work is basicy viewed as an authority based on their competence?	0
Because there are people who are trying to deny the theory of evolution it's place as a vital part of public school's biology curriculum.	0
Well, by the strict defintion of the word "born", an abortion is considered a premature birth.	0
Well ... I don't think it's a light choice for anyone. (Although I'd imagine, for someone who might be developmentally disabled, for example, it might not mean as much. And I suppose some may not care at all.) I don't think it's a decision women necessarily struggle over, either, however. Nor should they. For many women, the course of action that they need to take is quite clear.   That is, whether or not someone 'should' have a difficult time with this decision, I don't agree. And, I don't think women's motivations in getting abortions, or their personal behavior ITO becoming pregnant are anyone else's concern. Or even if they do have an abortion *blithely*. (Distinguishing from policies about public health education.)   I just think people have to do what's right for them. Finding that or reaching a decision -- well, people are different and have different lives. They have different understandings of biology, different health issues, different relationships, different economic positions, different religious views, or none at all. The circumstances around the pregnancy, different.   I don't agree with the "potentiality" issue either. If *someone* isn't there *yet*, they're not in existence, period. I think there's just an understandable human reaction to the beginning of life being taken. It's not "potential" life. It's life all right. But there's no individual except in our imaginations.   To me, viability, sentience, the development of the nervous system and the brain, and the experience of pain in a fetus during the third trimester begin to mark the ethical boundaries. But those, too, as indicators, are not absolute. And the woman comes first. It's between her and her physician. It's not my job to judge whether she suffered appropriately enough or not. And I don't think anyone should have go through any demonstrative motions one way or the other for the anti-abortion camp. It's none of their business.	0
I'm thinking this is the section of the Iowa Constitution the media will be talking about next:   Unlike California, amendments in Iowa must pass the legislature first (simple majority) before going to the voters. While I know little about the Iowa legislature, this seems a no brainer in a populace vote, considering previous votes and more current polls on this subject in Iowa. As a rule I lend polls very little credence, but DOMA passed by a wide majority in 1998. I doubt things have changed enough to cover the gap, a lot of traditional values and religious folks in Iowa.	0
On what grounds do you seek to redefine the institution of marriage from it's accepted standard in this country?	0
Exactly. It is their fault, but they can do what they choose. It is punishment and you know it, and it is not your job to make sure no "irresponsible" pregnant woman goes unpunished.	0
Oh boy, you said it!   Is the Earth's Magnetic Field Young?	0
you're looking at evolution in way too much of a magical and mystical way. Evolution doesn't "know" anything. It doesn't have any desires... and... i lack the eloquence to briefly state mechanical (and complete lack of desire) aspects of evolution. i suggest you do research as to how there are no conscious thinking elements in evolution.   Science will never be able to disprove any god because of some flaw science happens to point out. The best individuals can do is, when people try to reason that such perfect organs imply a designer, point out that the design isn't all that perfect after all.   If you want to try and debate flaws in design are evidence against a god... well go ahead... but then i'll just know if i'm ever looking for an easy debate victory i'll just try to find you. At the very best all you are doing is showing that the idea that God created all things perfectly probably isn't true... and even then someone can just point out that apparent flaws we see are simply the ineffable will of god.	0
Well, man might someday gain the capability of fully synthasizing a molecule as complex as DNA from scratch. Of course, he would use the knowledge gained from studying how various DNA codes affect natural biological characteristics in order to properly design that DNA to achieve the desired characteristics. It might be even more difficult to then take that synthesized DNA and put it in an egg and artificial womb that has no natural (as opposed to artificial) biological parts, but even that might be achievable someday through chemical construction. All this means is that humanity might someday be able to copy the methods of nature to create a new being - perhaps even use creativity to create beings of very different natural functions than we see in our world.   It is all interesting to think about and could well be achievable within this century. We already are capable of a large degree of genetic manipulation through cloning and hybridization. One would think that it will only be a matter of time before more complex technologies get developed.   The other question, of course, is - If we could someday create new life using our technology, should we? That would bring up a whole host of issues, including:   - Would we know what we were doing well enough not to cause great harm?   - How would the beings we create be treated?	0
This is different than stating that abortion is the same, in principle, as killing a born child. We are back on the question of "Why would someone do this horrible thing" which pro-life people continually ask and has been answered in many ways by many people. There are many threads on the subject   That the fetus did not come into existance by it's own choice is really irrelevant. That it did not cause problems of it's own actions does not mean that it does not cause problems.	0
I think you fail to take into account that for most opposers of abortion, they genuinely feel they are trying to save lives by their opposition. In many cases it's not a matter of trying control sexual prermissiveness in society but preventing lives from being killed. Disagree or not, you can't separate the anti-abortion message from the fact that it holds to the view that abortion is a form of murder.	0
I don't understand your question. If law-abiding gun owners were overwhelming those who should not have access to guns, those who use guns unlawfully, I would be very pleased.   But, as far as I can see, the only goal of the gunners is to make sure that everyone has a gun, no matter how insane, no matter how stupid, no matter how incapable they may be to own such easy-to-use instruments of death.	0
Following the original purpose of this thread, I will summarize my own views on abortion. (Note, this is copied from an older survey on abortion beliefs - a thread in the abortion forum called "Survey of views on abortion"):   For me, the question of abortion rights comes down to a balance between the rights of the mother and the rights of the fetus. On the side of the rights of the mother, there is a very important right to the control over one's own body and to not be forced to carry something as important and taxing as a pregnancy against one's will. Some may say that, in agreeing to have sex, a woman is agreeing to a pregnancy, but I strongly disagree. A pregnancy is a possible outcome of sex but only has a very small percentage chance if birth control is used. It would be like saying that you agree to be mugged if you walk in a bad neighborhood. The great majority of sex acts - for both married and unmarried women, religious or non-religious, conservative or liberal - are not done for the purposes of having children but are done for emotional and/or purely physical reasons. Pregnancy is the goal for only a minority of sex acts. So, women are not agreeing to a pregnancy when they have sex. In the case of unwanted pregnancies, it is a significant burden that they never agreed to. If they are forced to carry such a pregnancy, it would be a strong imposition against the rights over their own bodies.   On the other hand, one has the rights of the fetus. What rights the fetus has depends on your belief system and priorities. For me, the most important thing when it comes to the rights of any human being is whether or not there is a mental existence - at least a rudimentary mind. I believe that I did not exist until I started to mentally exist and that applies to all others. My view is that, once a mental existence begins, the right to life of a fetus kicks in and takes priority over the mother's rights over her own body, under most circumstances. The neurological view is that a mind cannot exist before the third trimester. Therefore, I would allow abortion-on-demand for the first and second trimester and restrict it in the third trimester. For that third trimester, I would limit abortions to those that are done to mitigate a significant risk to the mother's life or physical or mental health (ex. leading to, say, paralysis or strong possibility of suicide, etc.) and, in case of severe incurable deformations of the fetus discovered late, to end the life of a fetus that would otherwise strongly suffer (i.e. mercy killing). Otherwise, I believe abortions should be restricted. If a woman has not decided on an abortion by the third trimester, she should have to carry the pregnancy to term (minus the perviously mentioned exceptions). She would have had ample time to decide.   Lastly, here are a couple of links which describe the neurological view of a mind not existing before the third trimester:   Part 4 of http://www.2think.org/abortion.shtml   http://7e.devbio.com/article.php?ch=21&amp;id=162	0
That was the past. I'm speaking of now.	0
So where in there does Behe say that brute luck is actually impossible? Nowhere.   Where in there does Behe say that brute luck can be absolutely and definitively ruled out, 100%. Nowhere.   As I originally said, “We can find such an explanation wanting or unsatisfying, but being highly unlikely is not the same as proving it could not happen.” This is quite in line with Behe's statements in his book. Further, PROVING it IMPOSSIBLE is what you would have had to have done to PROVE that evolution is false. Behe says it can't be proven impossible: that it can't be completely refuted.   (And quite frankly, most of us would agree that claiming that an IC system - or multiple IC systems - arose by multiple simultaneous mutations is in no way comparable to claiming that “the word luckily popped into existence yesterday with all the features it now has.” Behe's not being fully honest here.)   What I quoted Behe saying is exactly what he said and is his position on the matter. I have NOT misrepresented Behe's position on this.   Now, a charge of wrongdoing is discarded unless the party making the accusation can fully support his charge: burden of proof falls upon the accuser, not the accused. You've failed to support your charge, so I prevail.   Now, if you want to continue pushing your charge of wrongdoing on my part, you need to show where, in Behe's “Darwin's Black Box”, he goes on to show that brute luck is actually impossible: where Behe shows that brute luck can be absolutely and definitively ruled out, 100%. Until you do, you have failed to rebut my counter to your statements, and, I am also cleared of your false charges.   PS: The only one playing around with context here is YOU! The context of my statements was that you claimed to have PROVEN EVOLUTION false, and I pointed out that:   (1) in order for you to have succeeded, one of several things you would have to do (but didn't) is to DISPROVE multiple, simultaneous mutations (brute luck)   and   (2) Behe himself says that multiple, simultaneous mutations CANNOT be absolutely ruled out.   Try to keep the context, okay.	0
ABORTION IS NOT BAD.   That's all that needs to be said.	0
It varies. Sometimes elementary/middle school kids and sometimes older minors like high school kids. I not talking about gangbangers if this is where you're going.	0
Yes.   (and this is to add stuff to make the post stick....)	0
How do you define "convenience"?	0
would that be legaly owned guns, or criminals who have guns (and also ues guns) for there crimes? most Gang members have guns, if they are killed in a drive by shooting, is the gun responsable, or would it be the illegal activitys?	0
It has a financial impact on ALL taxpayers. To say that it has no impact on anyone else is disengenuous.	0
And I would like to know why that is. I asked the question in post #2 and got no answer. Are laypersons lacking in intelligence so much that it's hopeless for them to be on the same communication level with scientists? Since they share the same society, put their pants on one leg at a time in the same way, eat, sleep, and share economic processes in comparable ways, it seems to me it would be beneficial for them and laypersons both to understand each other when they use identical terms. (like the word, “theory”)	0
Nobody I know sanctions adultery. There are already serious consequences built in against it. As far a same sex marriage, I know of nobody that is suggesting legal penalties for it unless one considers the refusal to legally recognize it a legal penalty. Certainly nobody has been jailed or fined for attempting such marriages. Privately performed ceremonies as such are not punished.	0
Well, kind of a boring thread, since everyone agrees, but since I'm new here, I may as well weigh in. Hubby and I have three grown kids and one teen. The grown ones all got the same going-to-college gifts. They got a safe car, a laptop, an emergency credit card, and a personal firearm. I felt this especially important for our daughters.	0
Guess what, I'm pro-life as well, that is why I'm also pro-choice.	0
I see, thanks for answering my question.	0
You are getting to a more complicated area where "mental existence" no longer matters. I've explained earlier that it isn't exactly the same as "self defense" so I don't think a similiar response is needed. Furthermore, you are saying mental existence is not solely the thing that gives you value but rather it depends on outside influences and chance.   At some point it just seems like the stance on abortion is that the woman is more important no matter what. This is why I claim some will rank humans above other humans...a dangerous precedent which we have tried before.	0
Yes...if you ignore people, they eventually go away...except for me, of course.	0
Really! Then I assume that you have read Darwin - at least On the Origin of Species. Otherwise you are babbling. Please cite specific passages from Darwin's books where he made "morals and ethics" a joke. Please also do the same for the works of Dawkins. Your assertion presumes that you have read the works of both men.	0
And yet you have no problem with this law Galileo?	0
Do you want something other than peppered moths, bacteria developing resistance to antibiotics, Darwin's finches, and the other species of the Galapagos?   Maybe biologists are not allowed to do tests on animals that will kill many of them. This reminds me of Kent Hovind's reward for evidence of evolution: impossible to fulfill.	0
And anyone who thinks this will be seen as an XXXXX and close-minded.	0
They can "marry" whomever they love. Benefits though, are a different matter. The state and society views marriage as an opposite-sex institution. It's not about anyone getting harmed; no one said it was.	0
You only say that it won't make a change because you support the effects it will have.	0
Well, I didn't really mean to go that far. But I'm talking about problems like that all worked out, thought about previously, and that the problem was worked out. I'm talking more about, what if you could make laborers stronger, scientists smarter, and rid us of physical and mental abnormalities ( such as down syndrome, narcolepsy, etc.). I don't think of making everyone the same for that reason. I'm just saying, what if there was a way to better society without going overboard? If the problems were worked out, which I'm sure they will be, what would your moral view on it be?	0
And so have animals. Plants have been wiped out in the great extinctions too.   [quote]Carbon dioxide producing animals could even feed themselves with their own breathe![/quot]   Huh? You produce carbon dioxide. How do you propose to feed yourself with that?	0
A soul has a consciences, it can be emotionally moved from different states of being. This is how the Bible can say ones soul is moved; saddened; joyous. Etc.   I think therefore I am. Meaning a soul is emotional and so it really has no body. The soul is what we ask the Lord to preserve.   1Peter 1[9] Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls.   Hamburger does not have a soul, it is dead meat. People eat brains and all the pieces of an animal. No soul. The soul is consciences. Under some conditions it can return, not after death or before a brain though. We know that to be impossible. Fetuses do not get emotional; there is no mind to speak of. No soul there to trouble.   If you?re on a machine and a doctor determines your brain is dead, the soul is not there. The body could see hell or heaven and there is no emotional effect. No soul for that.   Read the Bible. Don?t listen to fools; you?re a person with a soul. Use it.	0
Read above for why your argument sucks.   Thanks for proving you never ever ever read anything or watch anything given to you.   Just assume whatever we want and hope people don't laugh at us?	0
So it's the blog's fault that Miller sided with the creationists. Right-o, marc. (I suspect you haven't even read the blog entry in question; I'd be surprised if you've read more than a paragraph of PZ's blog.. ever.)	0
Hmm . . . funny, I don't remember ever hearing a pro-lifer say that pregnancy was a wonderful snuggly thing or the best thing in the world. What I do see is pro-lifers like myself wondering why pregnancy is protrayed (in the form of a generalization) as so horrible by people such as yourself who just described it as "unbelievably" hard to go through, or a "life threatening condition" like malignant cancer. You didn't qualify it by saying "some" pregnancies are life threatening or unbearable. Maybe yours was, but how can you say that for every woman in the world? I know for a fact that my wife's pregnancy was not "unbelievably hard to go through"--she's told me otherwise and I believe her. Sorry, but I believe my wife over you.   What you did was use unfounded generalizations, which is exactly the sort of thing this thread is about.	0
Well try Arkansas (75/25), Georgia (76/24), Kentucky (75/25), Michigan (59/41), Mississippi (86/14), Montana (67/33), North Dakota (73/27), Ohio (62/38), Oklahoma (76/24), Oregon (57/43), and Utah (66/34).   All of these margins were well above the percentage of votes cast for Bush and Kerry, respectively. Ohio, for instance, went to Bush by 2%, but the ban was passed by 24%. Bush lost Oregon by 4%, but the ban passed by 14%. Bush lost Michigan by 3%, but the ban passed by 18%. The margin of victory for each of these states exceeds George Bush's margin of victory in that state. Those extra votes had to come from somewhere, and it seems like many people other than the "religious right" feel the same way.	0
I wouldn't say most cjurches, because you cannot prove that. There is a long list of churches that are accepting of gay folks.	0
The fear of God? What God? Only yours or any God? How about the fear of something greater than yourself? Would that be progress?   I'm not trying to inform you or anyone else of anything at this time. I posted thread originally to get reactions to it so that I could better judge whether those views were valid or not. As a side affect people may be influenced by the debates that happen here, but I am doing this for myself more than I am for anyone else. So don't think I'm trying to push anyone to believe anything, although I do wish for people to question their own views as a way to best understand what they believe in and why they believe it. Based on the way you posted here, it is my guess you are unwilling to do that in the case presented here.	0
Correct. Form letters go in a junk pile. Individual letters are a different matter.	0
So now Wiesmann's barrier is the most important thing to the ToE? Somehow I doubt that biologists agree, but obviously creationists have more authority on the topic of evolution...	0
And yet the article is about a legal matter.	0
No, they do not. I know several people in England who posess weapons the bought on the street. How are the gun laws in england working when you can buy a machine gun?   Before the ban, england had lower numbers when it came to firearms related deaths. They also had lower crime numbers. The sociological differences between England and the United States are not be be discounted.   It is interesting to note that crime rates in England seem to be rising now that the gun ban has been around for a while. There is even a movement by public officials to arm police officers in response to the rising rate of violent crime. There isa n article and debate about it right here on the forums.   The biggest difference lately in the statistics in England in the US is not the numbers, it is how they are recorded. If a guy is confronted by three people outside a bar and shot to death, but the gus get off during trial, it is still recorded in America s a three person homocide. In england, it is NOT recorded. I get the London Times, and they have done several articles accusing th British government of manipulating crime figures. I think that if we in America only recorded solved crimes in our crime statistics, we might become one of the most cime free contries in the world!	0
My responses are in bold.	0
If that's truly what the organization says, then it's a hypocrite of an organization.	0
Yes.	0
Actually, I snipped your remarks because 1) you twisted what I said and 2) I'm already spending too much time arguing with random complainers and I was in a hurry to do something more important at the time.	0
I think you are the same person as usa all the way and again.. you have no right to talk about murder because you murder the english language everytime you post.   And no.. the baby does not belong to god because there is no baby and I don't know if there is a god or not. Btw.. I'm not going to incubate something in my body because of you think it's wrong because someone who may or may not exist said so.	0
Give it a rest... what is evident here is more coffeehouse vasilation on your part... no foam.	0
Same thing happened in Rwanda. First they put the names of all Tutsis on lists. Then, the Hutu came around with machettes and took them off of the lists....permanently.	0
Really? Intra-species evolution and inter-species evolution are one and the same?   *edit*   I was reading on micro-evolution in wikipedia, here is what they had to say...is this incorrect?   "Typically, observable instances of evolution are examples of microevolution; for example, bacterial strains that have become resistant to antibiotics. Because microevolution can be observed directly, both pro-evolution and some anti-evolution groups agree that it is a fact of life."	0
See above, yet again	0
The Word of God says otherwise.   Romans 1:25-27 - They exchanged the truth of God for a lie, and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator—who is forever praised...   Because of this, God gave them over to shameful lusts. Even their women exchanged natural relations for unnatural ones. In the same way the men also abandoned natural relations with women and were inflamed with lust for one another. Men committed indecent acts with other men, and received in themselves the due penalty for their perversion.   You've rewritten Biblical Christianity. 2 Timothy 4:3-4 (New International Version) - For the time will come when they will not put up with sound doctrine. Instead, to suit their own desires, they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.	0
It stops us from saying we ara a rational people. I don't support any laws that would allow a father not to have a say so about his child being aborted. Are there any?? If it were a life or death thing for the mother no question.   As I stated I don't like the idea but making it illegal would simply put more unwanted kids in state homes. Lets take care of the living first!	0
I don't see how one can be a agnostic and be a Deist either. Deism requires a origin, some form of a clockmaker. To not be sure that such a being exists is to fail one of the most basic ideas of Deism.	0
I think you need to look up euthanasia, and not only for the correct grammar. Those examples are not euthanasia. Abortion is not the same thing as euthanasia.   Why don't you just say what is on your mind, rather than setting these ham-handed traps you hope someone will fall into? It is clear what your opinion is. If you have something to say, by all means express yourself.	0
And it doesn't stop there. Another of my favorites is how they loudly criticize radiometric dating (most commonly radiocarbon dating because they know no other kind) then shout from the rooftops that radiometric dating confirms the "genuineness" of ~2000 year old manuscripts...	0
That should be, "duh".   I knew what you meant. A bit of humor is ok.   But I guess you don't have anything to say about the implications of this study.	0
If this is true, then it should cover the fetus since there is no difference between the fetus and the infant besides size and location. Every adult was once a teen, every teen was once a child, every child was once an infant and every infant was once a fetus.	0
So you're admitting openly that what is a normal occurrence within the human species is offensive to you. That you find repulsive the very intimacy expressed by your own parents that led to your own existence. Do you see how that innate bitterness against the normal and right feelings that have led to the healthy continuation of the human race is ultimately anti-humanity? Why do you hate the normal propagation of our species Matt? Can't you see that if you were given the power to recreate the world in your image, then the world would cease to exist within one generation? No matter how pro-gay you are, how can you be so anti life in good conscience?	0
Well, yeah, if science hasn't provided an explanation for a phenomenon, then all we can do is shrug and submit grant proposals.	0
What, specifically, are you witnessing? A baby being born? A prayer apparently being answered? A near miss? Mysterious coincidences that you interpret as being the work of God? Or do you see dead people rising up out of the grave? And people walking on water? And people turning water into wine and feeding a crowd with a small amount of food?   What kind of miracles are we talking about here?	0
But we have an enumerated Constitutional RKBA. Apples to oranges.	0
The average global temperature follows a sinusoidal pattern, the general consensus is we are supposed to be approaching a peak. Projections show that instead of peaking, there will be continue to be an increase in average global temperature which exceeds that of the peak 4000 years previous.	0
Define "many". What you really mean one is too much. Even when the one is used soles for personal defense. Besides your in Austraila, no one cares what you think.	0
Believe me, marc, we certainly can. The fact that it damns your argument is no skin off our backs. In fact, it damns your argument so much that the producers know it. See below.	0
The anti-abortionists claim that would be killing a human life to save one.	0
Are you trying to make a point here? Or are you just spewing forth your hoplophobic tendencies because you're got nothing better to do?   One of the problems with school children is that it's become a crime to discipline them the way our parents were disciplined. There's no spankings, corner times, or sitting on a chair with a dunce cap, because that's all been labeled as abuse to emotional development. Instead we have counseling and the administration of powerful prescription drugs to kids who can barely read.   Kids are spoiled rotten and left unsupervised with TV shows and video games that glorify violence and murdering people for fun. Parents are stuck working two or more jobs just to make enough money for bills so they don't wind up on the streets.   We need massive reform. We gotta go back to how kids were raised in the 50s.	0
Some apply logic, some do not. So much for contradictory thinking.   What evidence do you have that suggests logic exists outside of the human mind? Hold the mythology, please.   from infidels.org -   The Concise Oxford English Dictionary defines logic as "the science of reasoning, proof, thinking, or inference." Logic will let you analyze an argument or a piece of reasoning, and work out whether it is likely to be correct or not.   It's worth mentioning a couple of things which logic is not.   Firstly, logical reasoning is not an absolute law which governs the universe. Many times in the past, people have concluded that because something is logically impossible (given the science of the day), it must be impossible, period. It was also believed at one time that Euclidean geometry was a universal law; it is, after all, logically consistent. Again, we now know that the rules of Euclidean geometry are not universal.	0
uh, yeah, that was their intent! Under color of law no less. The truth always seems to be your worst enemy doesn't it?	0
That's because its sophistry. Its an inherent contradiction and it simply means we don't have the capacity to understand it. Another more common example is that the assertion that the universe cannot be endless, and yet as far as we know it is. Trying to understand it is for us humans like an ant trying to fathom the theory of relativity.   Damn are we ever conceited as a race...we seem to think that if we can't understand something, it cannot be. We also tend to think, in every generation, that we have achieved somehow the pinnacle of progress.	0
I'm not sure what the source of the bias would be. Do you mean that it is somehow prejudicial to link ID with creationism, because, somehow ID is scientific while creationism isn't? But that's just not true. In the Dover case the court concluded that ID isn't science any more than creationism is. In fact, it was clearly demonstrated that the motivation for ID is an effort to disguise the fact that it is nothing more than creationism without the mention of god. Basically, if you scratch an IDer, you get a creationist.	0
So what? I don't care! Gun ownership is an individual right and that's the end of it! You don't have to exercise a right hundreds of thousands of times a year for it to be protected by the Constitution.	0
Microevolution - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia	0
And depending on what human is "finding the answers" it can unfortunately cheapen and deny many central Biblical teachings.	0
Why should I prove anything, you never do.	0
He is a hell of a lot wiser than thee.	0
So sorry; I have a friend who works and lives in the D.C. area, but he has residency in Mass., because he owns a home there. And he was able to be married only because he owns a home there ?	0
Don't you think this would fit the 'Creationism is nothing but lie's thread a bit better? Although I notice The Skeptic making disparaging remarks about your examples, it seems he attacks you more than deal with the well documented   examples you have.	0
Fossils are evidence, not theory. They can be used in the construction of any theory, including creationism. Whether this is 'just' or not, is another issue. I point this out as many seem confused about evidence, and think that it just points to something without interpretation	0
Pretty good considering Darwin wasn't aware of genetics. Too bad Wells is stuck in 1859. The modern synthesis provides perfectly legitimate mechanisms.	0
Well, all I can say then is that no action is just about as bad as failed action, and IS as bad in terms of anything current. Either way you don't have gay marriage. You have a majority in Congress right now, and you're not demanding much change just because of fear of backlash? Yeah, there would be backlash. Heck, the Civil War was the ultimate backlash, but that didn't stop abolitionists from demanding more than TOKEN change, and it's a good thing they did. It's your gig, though, so do what you want. I don't see much point in laboring this discussion any more; I'm just pointing out my observations.	0
why the comparison of gun owners yo violent killers and serial rapists? What law have I broken? Since we are doing comparisons your anti-freedom agenda is very similar to the bazi gun control laws of the 1930s, it is like the jim crow laws of the US. Your agenda is one of racism. This is insulting, ignorant, and shows your true colors as an enemy of freedom.	0
I think it's true. Why would someone make that up and pass it off as a real event?   I think the continents probably started separating some time after that, which is how God separated the people.	0
I say, since there are medical uses for the stuff, the drug is not pure harm (as the authoritarians assert.) Marijuana has its benefits and harms, and some of these benefits boil down to a matter of personal preference. Illegalizing it, in effect, dictates a personal preference.	0
But is the Red Cross Christian? Obviously most contributors are Christian. That's obvious as most Americans are Christian.	0
Just like no one is really "for" abortions, but they think that it's the woman's right to decide. Maybe that's like when congress gave the President the right to decide to go to war, even when they were supposed to declare war.	0
From your own link it is very clear the NRA DID NOT say that or publish that. Your clearly very wrong.	0
Sure, here ya go...   Radiocarbon Dating	0
There's absolutely no way in hell this could be legal in any sense. That California school got ***** slapped for expelling a student who had a gun off campus, beyond the jurisdictional reach of the school. So how can this school believe they can get away with such an insane policy?	0
the blog is just the link for the article....geez, get a grip.	0
Your stats aren't broken down into meaningful groups, so nothing is learned WRT Muslims.	0
Technically, all syllogisms need two premises, first of all.   "Step two" and "step three" were a dilemma, not separate steps. Learn to read.   Dilemma:   You only read Scenario 1, which was:   step two -God can create a rock he cannot lift -   Step three - God cannot lift the rock   conclusion - God is not all powerful   Scenario Two was   - God cannot create such a rock   - Therefore, there is something God cannot do   - Therefore, God is not all-powerful   The only case in which God could truly be all-powerful is if he can somehow both create an unbreakable rock and then break it, which defies the Law of Non Contradiction and is thus absurd. Thus, the notion of all-powerfulness, which leads to such a notion, is also absurd.	0
1. From what I have learned, different locations breed different surroundings. Human ancestors were migratory pack animals. Where they went, they encountered new types of pressures, causing them to change over time.   2. Different selective pressures. Different areas can lead to different pressures. Some mutations also occured etc. Things like that.   Evolution doesn't HAVE to occure non-stop if there is equilibrium. Not everyting is always changing, as far as I learned. Barring mutations that cause significant changes over a lot of time, Apes, Chimps, Monkies wouldn't really change all that much. There's no real pressure to do so. They are already well-adapted to their surroundings.   Actually however, there really isn't that much difference between some of the great apes and Humans. Take the Bonobo Chimps, for example. They have 98% the same DNA as Humans. They are the closest to HOmo Sapien.   3. Niches. Related to above. Crocs, for example, don't evolve that much because they are a very successful animal design and they found a place in which they can thrive for generations with little to no changes. Other animals can do the same.   4. As well, humans didn't come directly from Apes. We all evolved from a common ancestor who did all of the above.   http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/homs/species.html   Here is a time line of hominid species   http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/faq-speciation.html   http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/speciation.html   Evolution doesn't lead to a higher species, as well. There is no hierarchy in nature. Each species is equally as well "evolved" depending on it's environment etc.   A Human is no more evolved than a Chimp or better than a Chimp. Evolution doesn't lead to progression, but merely change. It's not getting better toward some high standard. Humans just like to think so.	0
Your wrong. Airplanes and courthouses are gun free zones but these places never have massacres.	0
This makes more sense then anything else I've heard on this thread.	0
Actually, most people do not hold the view that existing marriages should be dissolved. In Massachussetts, it's quite a minority view, almost as low as Bush's approval rating.   In any case, that is irrelevant. I was pointing out why someone might reasonably ask the question you consider so inappropriate. What I haven't seen, either from you or from any of the articles, was what the firefighter's answer was or why he refused to answer. From what I can tell from the scant coverage, he avoided answering but had no trouble discussing his political views. Odd, I think.. or just crappy coverage.	0
But we certainly have the right to evict such persons.   But then, regardless, the embryo is not a person.	0
Well, the first part is true but I'm not sure I understand what you are saying in the second part. Science does not claim that intelligent design is false because science lacks the tools to examine the concept. ID is just another unsupported assertion outside the domain of science (and logic for that matter). ID has reached the stage of unsupported assertion without evidence. Science has better explanations.	0
More likely the criminal will shoot first rather than give the other chap a chance.   There is no real reason for the average citizen to need or have a hand-gun	0
Because the effectiveness of other methods don't come close to that of owning a gun for personal protection. If they did then the police wouldn't have guns because it would be redundant and not cost effective.	0
Oh. You just lost me. The fact is, Jesus warned his followers that they would be persecuted for his sake. Read Matthew 10:5-42, if you care for the full text. Basically he told them they would be beaten, thrown in prison, crucified, and put to death if they followed him. And that is exactly what happened to the disciples and all those who gave a witness for Christ as Lord and Savior.   The various Roman emperors in those years of the early church sought to kill every Christian they could find, men, women, and children. Christians were crucified by the thousands, covered in pitch, and sit afire to provide light for the emporer's lavish garden parties. They were killed in the arena by wild animals and tortured to death in numerous ways. They were called martyrs, which now means one who dies for a cause. The word is Greek and means “witness”. These witnesses for Christ were killed for their faith. How many Christians would we have today if they had to die for their faith? In spite of everything that the emperor did, they could not kill the Christians fast enough. More were believing in Christ every day, and eventually even the Roman emperor himself became a Christian and Christianity was embraced and sanctioned.	0
This question is premised on an untenable assumption: that people should not be allowed to vote on particular issues. This premise is clearly not true in any democratic society, and is especially not true in the United States. In the United States, it is a contradiction in terms to say someone is not allowed to vote on X. I have demonstrated this before, and yet the same silly question keeps coming up.	0
Thank God. I too hope it doesn't keep going back and forth. While I live across the river in Parkville, Missouri, I used to live in Overland Park Kansas and went to school there. I think they are generally pretty good public schools, it's just the state school board that keeps effing everything up when they get some christonazis on board.	0
Catholics have a different belief. The goal is to always save both mother and child. If the fetus dies during the attempt to save both, then that's what happens. For instance, with an ectopic pregnancy, the goal isn't to kill he fetus, the goal is to save both mother and fetus.	0
So, in other words, what you're saying is that the Pope, who just declared that all Christian Churches apart from the RCC to be false churches, including we evangelicals/fundamentalists is a fundie himself ? JPs right Matt, take your meds and do it quickly.	0
What else would you expect from the people who created a god in their own image?   Your thinking here is right, religion has a long history of being egocentric.	0
So do you want to argue my points or do you want to argue me? Which of my bullits are wrong? Which of them are right?	0
That is amazing.   I find it crazy that this baby is much younger and smaller and far less developed than many of the babies that are aborted. Abortion is murder.	0
Yes, that's all true, and it makes complete sense. But in doing this, the Court may have created a situation where plaintiffs can argue that California is denying people the equal protection of the laws, by allowing some people to be married to same-sex spouses and not allowing other people to be so married. If that is the argument that the plaintiffs make in their federal lawsuit, this could be interesting. The courts might have to interpret whether allowing some people to be married and not allowing other people to be married violates the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment to the U.S. constitution. And then they might have to decide whether this means that all same-sex couples must have the right to marry, because some of them can be legally married. In other words, this situation may be an opportunity, because no one can argue that this is a case of apples and oranges of same-sex couples being different from opposite-sex couples. Now you have same-sex couples who are legally married and same-sex couples who cannot be legally married in the same state, which can be argued to be denial of equal protection of the laws. I don't know....it could be interesting. Maybe things won't play out this way. We'll have to wait and see.	0
It would be a great scientific discovery.	0
Some? 90% is more than some in my opinion. That is a horrible waste. Just think if we could retain 50% of the energy we consumed. We could start eating 1/5th of what we normally eat.	0
Excellent point Doc	0
Well sigma, which is more painful??   Being burnt with salene for 30 minutes to an hour and if that doesnt work after the 3rd time, being born prematurally and laid on a table and starving to death.....   OR   A woman sticking a clothes hanger up and accidentally killing herself but intentionally killing the kid within her?   seems to me that people dont really care about how the baby feels. It has just as much feeling as the mother.	0
I think the only valid reason for owning a gun is because you want to. Every person (with some exceptions) has the right to keep and bear arms, why you do it is your own business. Giving specific reasons for gun ownership is the top of a slippery slope towards banning certain firearms.   While I have specific reasons for owning specific guns, to include hunting, I own some of my guns for no other reason than they are fun to shoot.   A humorus side note: I own one gun strictly for fishing, sounds odd but its common practice (at least in Alaska) to shoot large Halibut before bringing them aboard.	0
So what's the deal when GWB "gives" $3,000 but the insurance premiums cost $6,000, the family can't make up the difference and the $3,000 goes unspent. All we've accomplished is to transfer $ out of the U.S. Treasury. You think it's a good idea to just give money away and not get anything for it? You're thinking of the Clinton years when there was a surplus.	0
You SERIOUSLY need to take a basic biology course so you can stop sticking your foot in your mouth   An egg is NOT larva, and larva is NOT a caterpillar, and a caterpillar is NOT a butterfly - much the same as a zygote is NOT a embryo, and a embryo is NOT a fetus, and a fetus is NOT a baby, and a baby is NOT an adult.   I challenge you to prove that a larva is exactly the same as a butterfly. If you can't even do something as simple as that, then you'll never understand the process/transformation of what a human has to go through, and THAT in and of itself should give you a clue as to how much in denial you are in, and how much you have to twist the truth around just to justify your version of events. Deal with it!	0
That's a bad term. I wouldn't call myself that, but I do know more then average person.	0
I say that you need to take into consideration the number of criminals that'll disregard the lock and try and break down the door anyway. That's why smart people don't rely exclusively on locks and security systems for their own protection.	0
Obama overturns ban on overseas abortion funding   I thought abortion was the fix for bad or no family planning	0
He has a bit more basic information about R.A.T.E. on his webpage.   TO also has a page critiquing R.A.T.E. methodology.   Sorry, I know you're looking for more substantial personal feedback, but this is some good basic information that doesn't rely upon a billion links.   You also might consider asking this question on iidb.org, and maybe Dr. Meert will respond to you personally.   More importantly, let us not get hung up on analyzing the raw empirical data only. For example, if I use a stopwatch to time how long it takes for light to flood the room after I turn on the switch, and I come up with 0.06s, you can't argue with my empirical data: I timed it at 0.06s. The fact that human response time is comparatively lousy and that a stopwatch is awful for extremely short time intervals is more significant that the stopwatch reading itself. This is the primary error that R.A.T.E. makes.	0
But only if they're willing to receive one. Most aren't.	0
What Is a Human Person and Who Counts as a Human Person?: A Crucial Question for Bioethics by Prof. William E. May   There is also an extremely academic school of thought which views the human person in terms of the ego in all its derivations. I cannot hope to summarize what this is all about, please refer to:   Philosophical Critiques: The Human Person - 3   One could also consider the social development of an infant, inasmuch as humans are, in most cases, very social animals.   According to primatologist Sarah Blaffer Hrdy, the human species is specifically developed to be part of a social system and a newborn infant comes ready made to push all the buttons of the system:	0
You believe two things that are incorrect: that you have refuted evolutionary theory, and that we will now accept intellegent design because of your attempt.	0
You're right, I think he has made such comments. Sorry. I think he's wrong and went too far.	0
See my post above, Hi. marc ignores fundamentals of Miller's beliefs that he clearly spells out in trying to push his anti-Miller argument.	0
Well, I have heard people on the pro-gun side say that most defensive gun uses don't involve firing even one round. So limiting the capacity would probably have less of an effect on the ability to defend yourself than on crime. So why are people from the gun lobby always whining about restrictions like this? When semi-automatic rifles were banned in Australia, hunters welcomed the law. They saw it as a challenge because it takes greater skill to shoot an animal with a bolt action rifle. Not so in America where some gun owners like to use guns that could take down planes to shoot small animals.	0
Yes. The first one isolated was a frame-shift mutation on a plasmid. A fairly common source of useful mutations in bacteria.	0
Uh. No they didn't. Have you ever actually taken a biology course?	0
The only person who can take away your sin is God. No human can ever cleanse himself of his sins, so get over it.	0
This was pretty much my understanding of how natural selection was viewed before Darwin.   Nonetheless, I think that my point still stands. Darwin proposed that natural selection is responsible for the diversification of species. This pre-Darwin concept denies this. My understanding is that anti-evolutionists refused to accept that natural selection could have led to the diversification of species. Until recently, when they realized that evolutionary theory could help out in their how-many-animals-could-fit-on-the-ark dilemma; now they suddenly take an idea from evolutionary science and propose that suddenly all the present species could "micro-evolve" from a few ancestral "kinds" on the ark.	0
Actually your posts are providing increasing evidence for just how simple folks can get.	0
Somehow I don't think a high percentage of Ham's "facts" are facts.	0
You could try to be a good person and nevermind about the hocus pocus stuff. I'm not tryimg to convince you of anything. The fact is that what you use a reasons to believe don't hold up under logical scrutiny. Don't justify faith with logic. That only cheapens faith.	0
Well, I suppose that the reply it took me almost 5 minutes to type, a couple more to check and a couple to correct will not suffice now.	0
Paranoia is so ugly. It's not OK to teach scientific theory but it is OK to tell them that mythology is fact?	0
Gun control maintains its racist roots even in this day and age. What other reason would there be for Form 4473 to ask applicants what their race is? What is the importance of knowing if somebody's white, black or mexican when they're buying a gun?	0
Huh? Did we win? When?	0
It is horribly oppressive of women, though, to oppose both abortion and contraceptives. That means that women will have no control over their pregnancies at all.	0
Evolution theory is not science at all, it is faith. Period.   How can I conclude that? Because an examination of the evidence shows that a bias/ ideology/ Godless belief system is the only real evidence for evolution theory:   evolutionist Stephen Jay Gould: ?Our ways of learning about the world are strongly influenced by the social pre-conceptions and biased modes of thinking that each scientist must apply to any problem.?   Evolutionary biologist Richard Lewontin said: ?we have a prior commitment to materialism. It is not that the methods and institutions of science somehow compel us to accept a material explanation of the phenomenal world, but, on the contrary, that we are forced by our priori adherence to material causes to create an apparatus of investigation and a set of concepts that produce material explanations, no matter how counter-intuitive?Moreover, that materialism is an absolute, for we cannot allow a divine foot in the door.?	0
How is that silly? You do realize that the vast majority of firearms used in crimes are stolen no? And many of those are stolen from legal buyers. While it is a poor argument to argue that firearms should be banned for that primary reason, the underlying principle of control over supply is hardly silly. Unless you think that control over nuclear weapons is silly. Maybe you would. After all, you are Isly.	0
Why are you against abortion?	0
Well, here is my take on it. I really believe that only the truly evil end up in Hell. Those like Hitler. I think that anyone else goes to heaven - Wiccans, Atheists, Buddhists, etc. - anyone who follows Christ's message of love, tolerance, and acceptance, whether knowingly or not.   Those who preach hate, and those who act on that hate, like Hitler, the KKK, and any other person/persons filled with hate (sad to say, this seems to apply to our own friend Archie here) are the ones who will end up in hell.	0
So let me get this straight - you admit that you are wrong, and you want me to provide documentation to prove this admission correct?   How about we both simply agree that you were wrong and move on.	0
I'm afraid you're wrong, as I created you in my universe, and implanted in you a belief that you were a god. It lead you to make statements about the truth of your own beliefs, which I'm afraid are just self-beliefs with no real evidence.   Sorry.	0
I do not argue so much the quality of llife of an individual woman but more for the quality of life, indeed of having access to life itself, of the children of the woman involved, because in many situations the concern and nurturance of a mother may be the only thing keeping children alive, especially in poor, war-torn nations that do not enjoy the relative wealth of the United States.	0
But didn't they tell you? They outsourced your job to me!	0
Read to the very end of the verse. "If you are not pleased with her, let her go wherever she wishes. You must not sell her or treat her as a slave, since you have dishonored her."	0
and how do you know this......oh I see...you said "I think"....but you don't really "know" what most Americans favor or don't favor...you just "think"	0
thatisnt stupid, its what teh bible says. teh dinosaurs are heavier thatn humans so they sunk and humans foated. the arc protecid the rest ans they died later when humans kiled them tehy still see dinos today in congo so some survivd.	0
Genes transfered horizontally are as subject to selection as anyother form of gene. Once intergrated into the recieving genome they are simply one more heritable element and if they alter the phenotypes (many are either neutral or even inactivatee) then of course they are subject to selection. Why do you think otherwise? Remember that horizontal transfer is a rare event roughly on a par with ordinary mutations.	0
Then there's that state thaht wants to remove the use of BC and AD from the calendar. I guess they'll change it to some neutral like plus and minus numbers just to stay with the rest of the world....or maybe 2005 will change to 133,956,373,278.	0
Yes, the horror of voluntarily taking orders from someone in exchange for monetary rewards!!   If you hate your job that much, quit. You aren't being oppressed because someone offered you the option to do something. If you don't like it, don't do it. If you hate trade, you can go wander through the wilderness and eat berries and roots.	0
An attempt by you to dodge the main point.	0
You know 'my kind'? How very presumptuous on your part. Then you know individual choice is the issue, not enforced medical procedures. You didn't answer the question regarding pregnant women who intend to carry to term being required to have a sonogram.	0
Because self-defence, unlike most other 'reasons', automatically allows all citizens firearm access, and in most cases allows firearm acess without mandatory training/evaluation. When this occurs, you are much more likely to get misuse of firearms.   If you read around you'll see that I consider all rights as needing justification. This comes both from my stance as a relativist and as a UK citizen, where there is no formalised Constitution. Ask yourself this - if a right cannot be justified, why should it be treated as a 'right'?	0
Gary Ridgway, the serial murderer of some 60 or more women, possibly more.	0
The article cautions on blithely using natural selection as an explanation for the features of the genetic code.   Article 9:   In this article, the functional integrity and how the architecture of the code relates to it is discussed.   From the article:	0
Didn't supersport openly admit he could not prove his own beliefs in divine creation?   For all his dishonesty, you have to admit he's more honest and forthcoming then Marc or AA have been.	0
You may see a vast differene, many do not. The "moral" grounds for many is simply the justification for their homophobia.   So now it's a massive nation wide government conspiracy to stifle free speech?   Canada stifles and oppresses religious freedom?   Honestly Jyoshu, where do you get this stuff?   This is utter BS, if you can find ANY proof of the Canadian gov't stifling free speech on this issue, religious freedom, or any other issue for that matter, please post it. If not, retract your BS statement, and admit that it's a fabrication.   I honestly don't think I underestimate it at all. I come across a very broad spectrum of people in my line of work, from one end of the scale to the other. The most common negative response I get is from those that are opposed to homosexuality in general and respond along the lines of "I don't like, I don't want to see it, but rights are rights, as long as it doesn't negatively affect me, I don't have a problem with it/I don't really care." I have come across a couple of people who were strongly opposed to the use of the term "marriage" but were fine with allowing homosexual "civil unions".   I think you overestimate how big of a "moral issue" this really is for most people.   Waxy	0
http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/rds/pdfs2/hosb703.pdf   It doesn't look like the UK has been doing too bad. Crime has actually been decreasing.	0
Then you are just throwing around words without knowing what they mean. Instead you give me a link to a page of pseudoscience. Are those the ones who lied to you?	0
You consider the county to be like Rosa Parks???	0
http://www.dcagenda.com/2010/02/08/m...asure-in-poll/   Keep in mind that this is an opinion poll, so take it for what its worth, but it seems to indicate that the people of DC wanted to vote on this issue.	0
Because quite simply, it is all what we observe. One has never observed a mutation that has been seen to increase the information in the genome. If there have been any mutations that have led to an increase in information, please state it.	0
A more precise term would be "broaden," since nothing about the definition pertaining to the people currently covered by it would be affected, "diluted" or altered in any way anyone has yet demonstrated. Nothing about the definition that pertains to people who already are, or can be married changes one iota. Their rights, benefits, and protections remain exactly the same. The only "change" would be to other people, people who have no connection to, nor impact on, the marriages of anyone else: the gays who'll marry if the legal definition is broadened to encompass them. And the only "change" in that regard will be the fact that they are encompassed by it, nothing more. No substantive aspect of the definition as it currently stands changes in the slightest.   The change is not in the definition itself. It's in who it applies to.	0
No, there really aren't. As for Robertson, why do you think I said he was right (as in global warming is happening and we are largely responsible) by sheer luck?	0
Evidence or proof for that delusion?	0
Well, sort of. It isn't necessary, but if you're predicting intelligence from what someone does rather than direct measurements of physical properties, knowing their motivation level might allow you to make more accurate predictions.   Nevertheless even without knowing the subjects' motivations at all, today's generic intelligence tests still have excellent predictive power for success in both school and employment, and are perhaps better predictors for future success than any other method we have (including interviews, personality inventories, aptitude in a particular field)	0
The purposeful taking of life regulated by the government is something that is decided by the people. The people decide what determines what is allowable and what is not. When it is acceptable and when it is not. This is done in agreement, obviously not unanimous. Theses laws are created by the view of society at the time. Our society permits the ability to change those laws as our values change.   You may call it murder, but you are wrong. There is no logical argument you can present to make your view correct. To suggest that legal abortion is anything else is an expression of your frustration why others don't share your views. There is no logic in your argument it's pure emotion and an immature understanding of how to cope with problems that don't go your way.   If you think your view is indeed the view that is best for the people then be thankful in the US the opportunity exists for you to effect that. I can assure you though lieing about it, sensationalizing it, bullying people about it isn't going to get many people to consider you.   Please do us both a favor before you go off on a discourse of the rights, or feelings or value of the fetus remember what I said about we as a society decided what is acceptable and what is not. We make these laws for ourselves for that reason, because we do attempt to value life. That attempt does not always satisfy all of the people all of the time, but it never will.   I don't need a formula to understand how our society functions nor do I stomp my foot and throw insults or intimidate people who don't see you being right. Nor would I justify behavior that from anybody else concerning something of less import would be unacceptable. If you don't like the law, then do something about it. If this is what you deem to be the best and most effective way to do that, I suggest you find a to become comfortable with it.	0
From that site:	0
The question still remains as to whether this is negative intrusion (which is what the libertarians want) or positive intrusion (what the libertarians do not want.) Anyone with half a brain can know that it's intrusion. The matter becomes complicated when one tries to place it in the category of anti-murder laws or theocratic forced religion laws.	0
I know this is an old posting, but I thought I would add to it. I have built several 1911 clones. Press forge the frame (and slide, sometimes), then mill the parts. I use a CNC mill (about $750,000). A lot fo guys, though, use a $300 minimill from harbor freight. A setup for press forging the parts (press forging is the better modern alternative to drop forging) will set you back less than $200, if you are a good scrounger.   Gun building is probably a more common hobby than you might think. It is hard to tell exactly how many people are doing it, because a homebuilt gun requires no registration, permit to build, or any of that other XXXX (unless you are building an NFA firearm, which is a machine gun). There is even a yahoo group about building your own gun. Fro the faint of heart (those who don't want to forge or cast theri own reciver/frame) there are a bunch of places that will sell you an 80% finished reciever, which doesn't count as a firearm from a legal viewpoint.   I always buy my barrels since it is too much work to do the rifling. In a pinch, it could be done, it just wouldn't be a competition grade barrel. Of course, most firearms you buy don't come with a stock competition grade barrel.	0
Actually, after the fact calculations on either side are just noise. Humans do exist and I suspect that all statements of probabilities are incorrect. Further, I don't think that coin flips are relevant and not even a very good analogy.	0
No, but in some cultures they mutilate them for meaningless tradition.	0
We don't live on carbon dioxide. We live from the energy stored in carbon compounds when we break them down.	0
the reason why premise 1 can logically stand is that God is first of all defined as the "greatest possible being". no matter what reality we are considering, such a thing as the greatest possible being in that relity must exist. "greatest" is a superlative, compared to all other beings that exist   its like "the oldest man alive". no matter what scenario, such a person as the oldest man alive will always exist, therefore such a man (that fits that definition) will have a necessary existence	0
I'm not sure that your comment will encourage any sort of discussion. Certainly no one is glad because your mother died so young. Not even creationists are likely to be gleeful.	0
Actually there is a better solution.   Mandatory male and female birth control pills, financial penalties if you stop taking. Anyone who would get off the pill would want a kid, therefore, abortions would cease.	0
Certainly, because with calm empathy you can casually address such a matter simply because the struggle does not pertain to you personally.   To be able to put into question the love of another human being is simply not only alarming in nature, but damning to the very definition of love, equality, and freedom in creation of man....   And to trump this as a question of morality only serves as a mask to curtail the prejudice objections one personally has to a ceremony, right, and relationship that person will not even be personally affected by....	0
Oh? Don't you think that since Jesus said that whosoever so much as hated their brother without a cause is a murder?   Or are you Jewish and don't believe the New Testament? Is that why you say the Bible says nothing about abortion, or just plain killing at all?	0
Well, that just struck a chord with me. People of both sides say, “We got the facts! The facts support our side!” but it isn't about the facts but how we react to them.	0
No Archie I wouldn't dare do anything sexual outside of the missionary position without a ring on my finger... As far as superior or better umm no Archie. As a governor of a state he has to be for all peoples not just the ones that fund his campaign.. Unless of course the constitution is flawed and there's a tiny little clause excluding him from upholding all aspects of the document.   And once again YOUR god commanded Archie not America's god or every person on this planet. Don't you understand that there is a separation between church and state? Or did you throw that out the window too?   Oh and the state of Texas is making school children take a bible class. Doesn't matter if the kids an atheist or agnostic or doesn't believe in it or was raised differently their still making them read it.   Way to go Texas for overstepping the boundaries of church and state...   But no Archie I'm merely stating that this nut doesn't consider gays or lesbians equal peoples under the law where they need protection. Doesn't matter that I can pull up thousands of incidents of hate crimes due to a persons sexual orientation, doesn't matter that Gay and Lesbian teens are harassed up to the point of suicide let alone god forbid their allowed to even have rights.   Point being is a public official elected to serve and protect all peoples under the law for the common good has stated just to do the opposite..	0
Actually, that story was an invention after the fact. It never happened. At least that is what the witnesses who were there said. Why do christians feel that it is OK to invent such stories to support their point? Isn't that lying? Isn't lying wrong?	0
This joke is based on some reality, "the conquest of the North Pole is traditionally credited to Anglo-American Navy engineer Robert Edwin Peary, who claimed to have reached the Pole on April 6, 1909.   Anyhow, not all jokes are completely true, how many stand up comedians have you heard??? If you were to nit pick every joke out there (being politicaly correct etc) there would be no jokes left!	0
Yes. It describes an action without ascribing its form to its end result, outcome, whatever but strictly to a cause/s force/s in action. That is why 'selection' is always teleological. In order to select or choose anything, an end must always be in view. There must always be a volitional discrimination of options based upon a criterion dictated by the desired end. The only time "channel" becomes teleological is when something live [a human or a beaver, let's say] intententionally does the channeling. But since it is understood that mechanical forces can also 'channel', unintentional, out of simple mechanics, the word channel cannot be called teleological. In the same way, 'sorting' can be considered non-teleological, hence mechanical, and thus suited to your glossary, because things can be sorted by mechanical forces alone. But 'selection' always requires volition and awareness. So 'selection' is always teleological.	0
Yes, it is human, biologically. However, it isn't a human being as it isn't alive.	0
Nice try. If America was an Ally to Germany during WWII, to this day you wouldn't forgive US Citizens no matter what excuse they have.	0
sinjin - I didn't mean to imply any linkage between your opinions and those of another poster. Apologies.	0
This claim might be true, but do you have any citations about Carl Burgh's fraudulent claims? (ps I note you don't tell everyone else to go look up a book! It's nice to feel special)   I know of this site   http://home.austarnet.com.au/stear/carl_baugh_page.htm   which makes the claim, but I'd be interested to learn more about this alleged fraud	0
Ingus, please see my comments at the end of my previous post.   The purpose of this thread is to introduce ourselves and have a Q&amp;A about the basis for each others views etc.   If you want to debate the specific differences we may have in our views, either open a new thread and invite me over, challenge me, whatever...   But I'm not going to debate it here.   I think this thread is a great idea.   People should introduce themselves, lay out their views however they see fit and let others do the same.	0
Or perhaps Mach just doesn't understand the concept of an 'analogy.'   No one was claiming they want 'rights restricted' because of of bathrooms. He's either being beligerent by intentionally portraying the analogy as a premise, or incredibly dense. I'm starting to wonder if it's the latter . . . .	0
Can't say.	0
Generally, when someone posts an article without a disclaimer, they agree with the findings and the reasoning of the article provided.   Besides, your statement does not change the fact that the reasoning provided is foolish.	0
I know, Chloe's misuse of the word strikes again.	0
If guns laws don't affect criminals then how do you explain the low rates of criminal gun use in nations like the UK?	0
You're thinking is right on, sinjin.   Although it's kinda hush-hush, it has been determined (especially in the more charismatic churches) that when one "goes further" in religion the other feels alienated and problems/troubles that probably would have never risen in their relationship oozes out. A new circle of friends emerge which make the one that is &#8220;left behind&#8221; feel closed out and closed off. Arguments then seem to erupt daily and most of it over who is doing the &#8220;right thing&#8221; according to that religion, followed all too often by divorce.	0
But let me guess ... if they step down RIGHT after they find they will have to issue to gay couples, you'd be in favor of them being able to be sued for it, simply because the "discrimination" in such an event was toward gays? Right? At least if you are consistent with your stance elsewhere in regards to 'timing' ...   Anyway, aside from that inconsistency with your position elsewhere, I agree that county officials should need to comply. After all, there are probably OTHER examples whereby county officials have to do things that they are religiously against, such as issue divorce papers. Or marry some drunk couple that they know aren't really being serious even though they're tying the knot ... If all county officials could just refuse to do their job because of their objections--for WHATEVER reasons--it would be a collosal mess.	0
Incorrect.   Evolution is not something that must be adhered to. It is a scientific theory. As such, if evidence was brought to light that evolutionary theory couldn't account for, then the theory would be altered or scrapped. It's really quite simple.	0
As pointed out, with a different physics, chemistry and biology, the universe as we know it wouldn't exist. What is really damaging to the concept of creationism as truth is a list of what we should expect if a flood had occurred under the same laws of science that are in operation today. One problem with creationism (I know, you want to ignore the problems) is that they constantly fall back on miracle in order to do a reset of reality in order to circumvent reality when creationism bumps into scientifically impossible events.   I don't mean to rain on the parade, but with all that said, it has been done. There is a list of 28 items, originally compiled by Jim Moore, that we should find if the flood happened as per the Bible. Not even miracles can solve these. That list is followed by further problems that have been compiled by Ken Harding from numerous sources.   What Would We Expect to Find if the World Had Flooded   For more information you can refer to the Flood Geology FAQs at TO. Two items with information that specifically addresses the question of the OP are Problems with a Global Flood, and The Geologic Column and its Implications for the Flood .	0
Oh I hated being pregnant. However I am not really arguing whether pregnancy in and of itself is punishment, I suspect that is an opinion matter - there are some crazy women who actually liked pregnancy. Julie - however clearly feels that it is acceptable to use a pregnancy and parenting in a punitive matter against women she feels are irresponsible.	0
What's your claim? That the seasonal molt of arctic foxes is evolution or that it is not? As usual, your responses show muddled thinking.	0
I don't get you here.	0
So redemption is not a possibility? They did their time, paid the penalty, and just want their rights as a citizen returned to them....l	0
Actually, I meant the behaviour refered to in her post was interesting.	0
The attacker is usually armed in spite of gun control laws. All they do is disarm the law abiding. Not to mention the lack of enforcement on criminals.	0
Chuz, the purpose of this summary is not to summarise your arguments as a whole - it is to summarise what your argument is up to this point.   Why not post just a summary of your position so far, as you see it - I can do the same, then you can continue with your argument?   There's no point in writing an argument, summarising it and then leaving the thread before I've had a chance to respond to even your argument (never mind your summary). If you are going to simply ignore any criticisms of your reasoning, then I struggle to see the point of you repeatedly requesting a one-on-one debate in the first place - you essentially regress your argument to the 'because I said so' that you are (presumably) hoping to avoid, it's just that there's slightly more detail.	0
"refuted?"   O'rly?   First they start off defining evolution as "moleclues to man" despite what evolution actually states. That further proves my point about strawman. They don't discuss what evolution actually is. Furthermore, the whole notion that increasing capacity and adaption is not increasing complexity is insane. If I take a simple structure, modify it to form something more complex, is that not a change in complexity? The whole idea that modifying DNA, changing it, removing and adding isn't actually changing anything is retarded.   And they are separating macro from micro. That's an invalid argument given that macro is nothing more then the aggregate of micro. A billion tiny changes makes a few large ones.   The second idiotic article cites Natural genetic engineering. Despite there being absolutely no evidence of this occuring anywhere.	0
What I find hard to believe is that politicians will place their decision above the right to life of a human person only for political expediency.	0
This why we think you're a liar.   http://www.talkorigins.org/faqs/dino...teocalcin.html	0
**   Quod erat demonstrandum.	0
Just so you know, the majority of Japanese cars sold in the US are also assembled in the US and thus provide Americans with thousands of jobs at these plants.	0
WOW simone, are you kidding me? You will use this story as an example of how dangerous giving birth is on this American forum by referring to a story from Sub Saharan Africa? And you consider this a rational argument? Here's another quote from your link: Fistulas are a scourge of the poor, affecting two million women and girls, mostly in sub-Saharan Africa and Asia   So tell us, PLEASE!!! How is this an argument which justifies abortions in America where Fistulas is virtually unknown as a result of child birth? Tell me how this quoted section below applies to any aspect of medical care in the USA.   The women filled most of Ward 2, a long, one-story building with a cement floor and two rows of closely spaced beds against opposite walls. All had suffered from obstructed labor, meaning that their babies were too big or in the wrong position to pass through the birth canal. If prolonged, obstructed labor often kills the baby, which may then soften enough to fit through the pelvis, so that the mother delivers a corpse.   Obstructed labor can kill the mother, too, or crush her bladder, uterus and vagina between her pelvic bones and the baby&#8217;s skull. The injured tissue dies, leaving a fistula: a hole that lets urine stream out constantly through the vagina. In some cases, the rectum is damaged and stool leaks out. Some women also have nerve damage in the legs.   One of the most striking things about the women in Ward 2 was how small they were. Many stood barely five feet tall, with slight frames and narrow hips, which may have contributed to their problems. Girls not fully grown, or women stunted by malnutrition, often have small pelvises that make them prone to obstructed labor.	0
you know why? because God touches our hearts like nothing you have ever felt before. it is amazing	0
Just to point out, the class that ID is being taught in is a comparative religion class.	0
And they have been found in volume buried together in the same strata in Ohio also. Vertebrate Fossils - Ohio History Central - A product of the Ohio Historical Society	0
I see a subtle distinction here. Creationism is concerned with the spiritual origins of people. "Evolutionism" is entirely concerned with explaining the nature and history of the physical world. The conflict of opinion arises out of the importance of the detail- can Genesis be accepted as a parable which contains a fundemental truth or must it be taken as a historical account?	0
http://www.talkorigins.org/indexcc/CD/CD011.html   Radiocarbon dating has been repeatedly tested, demonstrating its accuracy. It is calibrated by tree-ring data, which gives a nearly exact calendar for more than 11,000 years back. It has also been tested on items for which the age is known through historical records, such as parts of the Dead Sea scrolls and some wood from an Egyptian tomb (MNSU n.d.; Watson 2001). Multiple samples from a single object have been dated independently, yielding consistent results. Radiocarbon dating is also concordant with other dating techniques (e.g., Bard et al. 1990).	0
How curious that not everyone can admit that this kind of treatment is wrong. How interesting that another issue comes up instead of addressing the blatant, in-your-face kind of mistreatment of an individual making a private, personal decision.   Like many decisions in life, this is one that is difficult to come to. It doesn't mean it's a wrong one. It's hard because your options are so very serious.	0
This whole thing is simply an epistemological argument, for which there is no answer. What is the nature of knowledge? There are positivists (Abe here) and there are constructivists (what Abe says you have to be if you don't believe in god.) This is a metaphysical debate that is decades old and it simply depends upon your point of view for the purpose of the discussion at hand.	0
What else is new?	0
What do you mean by this? Could we not have the law treat under-18 capital offenders on an individual basis, determining whether the individual offenders in the individual cases were sufficiently developed?   Also, what would you say to the response that our current law provides that juveniles are sufficiently developed enough to have the responsibility, without parental involvement, to decide whether to obtain an abortion? Is it not a conflict to say juveniles should not be eligible for the death penalty because they are not morally developed enough, but at the same time say juveniles are morally developed enough to decide whether to obtain an abortion without involving their parents?	0
To a small extent, this happens already. Oftentimes (21.3%, U.S.), a woman decides to have and abortion because she cannot afford a baby (from here, source). This is in effect removing members of society who are non-productive (babies produce virtually nothing useful until they mature by about 10 years). And poor families are less productive, since they are often on welfare.   Granted, this is a rather harsh perspective, but the effect is the same: In the U.S., there are about (21.3% X 1.31 million) 280,000 less people every year who would have likely grown up in a poor home (assuming the child wouldn't have been adopted). Forced contraception/abortion is seen as an effective way of solving poverty in some parts of the world...	0
Well now, there you go. . . .RIGHT ON!!	0
Because when something passes every experiment thrown at it and when something fits observation better than anything else, then it's as near as damnit fact. We can get pedantic over this if you want, but the conclusion that reaches is that there are no facts.	0
So I have the choice between staying safe and then claiming insurance damages, or risking my life to kill a burglar and (likely) cause damage to my own property in the process?   Somehow, I'd rather stay safe. Better to lose my laptop than my life.	0
If atheism is a religion, than yes and atheism. If it's not then no.   _________________	0
No, hiding as an option has not changed since the days of old, with the slight difference that it used to be easier to get out of range. I'm talking about mace, stun guns, tazers, home security (double glazed windows, rhino locks, burglar alarms, CCTV/fake CCTV, panic rooms) and so on.   Although you are quite right to point out that hiding is an option. Non-confrontation for the win.   Highwaymen? At the time of the Constitution there weren't exactly vast suburbs that could be prowled by thieves looking for an open window. Burglary today is more... casual than it used to be, largely thanks to the wonders of home insurance.   No, unjust laws are still passed. If a group of people decide otherwise they become 'terrorists' and are treated as such. Might may not make right, but it does make legal, and the US government has a lot of might.   If only widespread gun ownership was 'safe'...	0
The Skeptic has requested no judges.   This actually suits me as there are too many of you that I'd have to pick from and I therefore avoid slighting anyone by not picking them	0
Again, it's not just 'evidence' but 'evidence constructed into a workable theory'.	0
To say nothing of the possible threats to people's safety, if not actual acts of violence.	0
Because? The conventional big bang is just as unlikely as God. Therefore your claim is wrong.   However the current believe mainly among physicists and astronomers is that there is no end and there is no beginning to the universe. Expansionary theories along with contractionary theories that are being observed have led many to believe that the current universe was born from the death of the last universe. There is no end and there is no beginning.   You are out of your league.	0
You're working at the wrong end of the problem. We need young to survive. It's the old that are expendable.	0
You lost me there. Try them how and for what?	0
Really? A lot of people say that every answer makes more questions. In some ways we seem to know less now than we did at the time of Newton, in that we are less certain.   And Newton's laws deal with what happens in a vacuum with no resistance, not direct human experience   At any rate, my point is that you can't see all the evidence as piling up support for 'science' as 'science' is moulded to fit that evidence. Not a criticism of science, btw.	0
Actually the Apocrypha is made up of pre-Christian texts, and late 4th century is a bit of a stretch for the new testament, certainly all its component texts were widely accepted by the 2nd century. I don't whether it is "generally accepted" that the text was altered, it seems to me that you are projecting your own views based on the hypotheses of some scholars on to Biblical scholarship in general.	0
If this is what passes for American healthcare, then your need for change is even more desperate. None of these "treatments" is available on the NHS.	0
We can add to this list, Singin's desire of criminalizing gun owners who don't report gun thefts in a required time and to lock up all guns in a manner that will prevent thefts. He of course says that does not mean jail, but aiding and abetting and straw sales already require serious jail time. and straw sales is already a Federal Offense with either 5 or 10 year jail terms. So we are talking about Very Serious jail terms regardless of what Sinjin might say in order to sell the idea. And one more thing the Anti-gun forces want but won't say it now.	0
Do you mean like Piltdown Man? It was displayed there for 40 years.   "The Eoanthropus dawsoni, or Piltdown Man, was on display at the Natural History Museum in London for 40 years. It was removed when advanced dating techniques not only showed that the bones were only a few hundred years old, but that some of them weren't even human."   http://www.mentalfloss.com/press_oklahoman2.htm   Do you guarantee that all of the other displays at the Museum are true? No, of course not. Many other things there said to be 'true' are only 'true' in a transient sense of the word (that only science seems to use)   http://www.clarku.edu/~piltdown/map_...klywiener.html Suggests that Piltdown Man had good science behind it, at the time.   Never-the-less the Natural History Museum provides many examples of artistic licence, such as the 'human-like' hand given to a restoration of Australopithecus, displayed at the museum.   "Shattering the Myths of Darwinism", p205	0
Right. It was thrown out of schools back in the 1960s, and again in the 1980s when attempts were made to dress creationism up in the jargon of science and call it "Creation science."	0
Let's not confuse our readers. supersport is not saying it's evolution; he's saying that "evolutionists" say that it's evolution. It should be clear now to the readers that scientists recognized perfectly well that this is an example of plasticity.	0
He was using it as an example. He was saying that if something in your life causes you to sin, get rid of it!   BTW, thanx for giving me the references to your verses! It is really annoying to have to search through the Bible to find verses that people quote without references.	0
would this be considered intelligent design? to me it would be like winding up a top, loading it with paint, and then letting it spin on paper to create a painting. the process is deliberately set in motion, but the painting itself is random and not deliberate. where the paint falls is not by design, even though the overall pattern would be.   anyway, to answer the question, there are lots of people who believe in a creator as well as evlution, so the beliefs are not mutually exclusive. the problem is that christianity depends upon the account of genesis being true. spontaneous origin is mutually exclusive to genesis, but evolution by itself is not necessarily. but evolution poses other problems such as the age of the earth and the existence of dinosaurs that creationists are stumped by.   in order to belief in evolution, you must, at the very least, disregard the genesis account. and disregarding genesis automatically invalidates christianity. but it doesnt necessarily invalidate the existence of a creator. pretty wierd, huh?	0
And yet I alread showed what the "moral code" of atheistic societies has done for the world:   II 128,168,000 VICTIMS: THE DEKA-MEGAMURDERERS   4. 61,911,000 Murdered: The Soviet Gulag State   5. 35,236,000 Murdered: The Communist Chinese Ant Hill   6. 20,946,000 Murdered: The Nazi Genocide State   7. 10,214,000 Murdered: The Depraved Nationalist Regime   III 19,178,000 VICTIMS: THE LESSER MEGA-MURDERERS   8. 5,964,000 Murdered: Japan's Savage Military   9. 2,035,000 Murdered: The Khmer Rouge Hell State   10. 1,883,000 Murdered: Turkey's Genocidal Purges   11. 1,670,000 Murdered: The Vietnamese War State   12. 1,585,000 Murdered: Poland's Ethnic Cleansing   13. 1,503,000 Murdered: The Pakistani Cutthroat State   14. 1,072,000 Murdered: Tito's Slaughterhouse   IV 4,145,000 VICTIMS: SUSPECTED MEGAMURDERERS   15. 1,663,000 Murdered? Orwellian North Korea   16. 1,417,000 Murdered? Barbarous Mexico   17. 1,066,000 Murdered? Feudal Russia	0
True, but what i was trying to state is that the bible has little to do with christianity if you dont believe in it. I know many christians who believe in god, and jesus etc, but think the bible is completely false, and is only a book of fables. Thats what i was trying to imply.	0
NOt true,   California's ammendments are not doing as well as other states did. You are talking about a very liberal state. If it is decided that marriage is allowed by the courts, then you are talking about taking away rights people have been granted by the courts. I just don't think that will happen in Calf. much too liberal.	0
So are you saying that if one person prays for another person who is sick, that if the praying person believes enough then some power of belief within him is great enough to heal another person who has no such beliefs, but that isn't a miracle that can be attributed to God, but is just something the person praying accomplished because they believed enough ?   So when I laid hands on my 9 month old daughter and prayed for her healing in Jesus name, when she then within 5 seconds opened her eyes and went from completely listless with a 103 degree temp to wide awake, happy and affectionate as she smiled at me with bright little eyes, are you saying that something within me transfered to her to bring about that instant result ? If that is true, then you must admit that something supernatural still happened, it's just that the power to heal transfered from me instead of from God whom I asked to heal her in Jesus name.   Now mind you, I totally reject that, as I know it was God healing my daughter because I know rationally speaking, that I have no supernatural powers within me. And I truly understand how difficult it is for someone who has never personally experienced a miracle to not be skeptical about miracles or the supernatural, and maybe if I had experienced only one in my life then I too might question if it really happened.   But I have had numerous Angelic interventions that cannot be denied. And the personal spirit filled contacts with my heavenly Father on a daily basis is more than one such as I am can even fully appreciate or comprehend. Because you see, I am a sinner and completely unworthy to be in Gods presence at all, yet He has lived within me and fellowshipped with me each and every day of my life since I accepted Jesus as my Savior in August of 1975. And if you want to believe me, 2 of the Angelic interventions I experienced happened before I was even saved in August of 75. So as it is written, before the foundation of the World, God Knew me. And while I was yet in the womb, He knew me. And while I was in the womb, He knew the number of hairs on my head. So also, even before I accepted Jesus and was born again, my Father in Heaven knew me, loved me and protected me until the day of my salvation.   This is why I'm so adamant and stubborn in my belief and can not be moved by any unbelief. If I denied Jesus and Gods truth with all of the personal and first hand supernatural experiences I have had, I would be less worthy than the greatest evil doer and unbeliever in the world to receive Gods Grace and Love as I have. I have prophesied, spoken in the language of the Angels, been supernaturally saved from drowning, been saved from a violent attack which may have led to my murder as I had 5000 in cash on me at the time. But my Guardian Angel intervened and ran the muggers off and they never found the money. That was just one of the interventions and all I did when i saw the trouble coming was say within my mind, "Lord Jesus, help me". Nothing I did stopped the attack, nor could it have as these people had murder in their eyes. I had never seen such cold blooded hatred in any persons eyes before as was in this one guy. And yet within seconds I saw that rage in his eyes turn to abject terror as he looked past me, then he said to me, the next time I'll kill you and they ran away like total cowards. When I turned around to see who had scared them so much and looked exactly where they looked when they looked over my shoulder, you know what i saw ? Absolutely nothing. There was nobody there at all, no human anyway.	0
Not entirely true. While we can't disprove that God created the universe, we can disprove many creationist claims. For example, we can disprove that the earth is 6000 years old.	0
Misunderstanding or misrepresentation? Biologists and geneticists do not claim that DNA is isolated from the environment. We are well aware that the environment can cause mutations under many conditions (cosmic radiation, x-ray, etc.). What is denied is that mutations are environmentally directed - in other words, exposure to cosmic radiation will not cause a mutation that will make the organism resistant to cosmic radiation. The mutations will be random.   On the other hand, natural selection IS, by definition, the response of populations to their environment. The environment has been shown to have effects on DNA, i.e., the genome of the population.	0
It's remarkable then, how much progress we've made. You may or may not approve of the theory, but it works very well at learning more about biology.	0
Yes, it's very subjective. I was using evil as an example that was incorrectly used on the website. Even though evil is subjective, you can still be evil. (you can do evil to take away your goodness, but the only way to make yourself colder is by removing your heat, not adding "cold")   No, but there is proof that it's that way, which can be seen through a combination of personal experience and the experiences of others.   The classic example about seeing that the Earth is round is that of the horizon. Why do ships appear to sink as they approach it?	0
That's true, but how much have we actually learned, and how much have we theorized, with an atheist presupposition, the only presupposition currently allowed?	0
This obviously depends on the person. Both are not good...once again, a comparision is not gonna work. Whether you are an alcoholic or a weed-a-holic(not a real word) you will still mess up your health (which is a good reason we shouldn't have public health care).	0
Then should not your challenge be re-worded to say "What might be the best..."   Because at present we are not at a stage where by we know everything about 'pain' therefore in the current climate, rather than what might be known down the track, I think I have met the majority of your challenge. After-all, you are insisting now on what 'you can measure', and we can't measure all that there is about pain, at present.	0
But it took a lot longer to develop. My point was that only after about 5000 years of human civilization did empiricism as science develop. Religion, supernaturalism, and mythology trace back into prehistory. What we know as science didn't even begin to exist until the late 1500s and 1600s. Before that it was OK to do science like Aristotle did - no experiment, only thinking about a logical answer. Thus, heavy objects fell faster than light ones and any fool could tell that the sun orbited the earth.   But science is more than an inner way of thinking. It is a process and a method for learning about the universe. It is called methodological naturalism. That is not to say the science asserts that nothing exists except what is natural. It says that science can't study the supernatural.	0
Well that may be your contention, but medically that is not necessarily true. Maybe being gay doesn't mean you are suicidal or depressed, but there is more of it going on in the gay life than in the hetero. That in itself is a wake up call. Depression and suicide are harmful, even if it doesn't touch you personally. If it were as simple as you say the APA wouldn't be re-evaluating "reorientation therapies" would they and with positive critiques too. You wouldn't have prominent gay activists like Camile Paglia deriding the gay community for being malcontent when those unhappy with being gay seek and desire the way to be hetero.	0
Well, I would agree that as many constitutional ammendments probably would not have passed, but I certainly don't think they all would not have been passed, and I don't think that Massachusettes allowing same-sex marriage was a bad thing. Constitutional ammendments are difficult to overcome, but no one can ever change a law if people aren't willing to take a stand and fight for it.   Can you tell that I love the quote in Jyoshu's signature?	0
So we agree..... What I want to know is why the vocal homosexual 'lobby' insists on the term "marriage?"   emclean, the sanctity of marriage would not be the only thing about marriage to be (harmed?) changed. The whole definition of marriage would change, too.	0
If I am to believe in something even if it's scientific, I should be able to challenge the belief's of the person who's pushing it. If they don't believe in what they're selling, why should I.	0
Tell that to CDC pathologists. Or just read this post.   ETA: Alternatively, let's look at the logic in this way: because the field of quantum mechanics is useless for helping me describe classical physical systems, quantum mechanics must be wrong. I think this illustrates the fallacy satisfactorily.	0
You know, I would be fine with that as long as it were truly a middle ground. If that term were used equally among straights as well as gays.   But it's just a term. The same as with the term "marriage."   It's just a term. Just a word.   Personally I feel the government needs to get out of the business of marriage altogether.   Let the legal term be agreed upon unilaterally.	0
Right. The frenquecy of the alles have changed over time.	0
I had researched some stuff about viruses that was applicable about life in general because it is the only thing that is not defintely classified.   So the argument was about life, the other stuff was just peripheral. Don't make such a big deal about including other tings in it.	0
No, they're the same species. If you put all these fish in the same pool at the end they would all breed with each other. The example wasn't of speciation, merely of a change in a population driven by the environment, which is the essense of evolution.	0
No but the fact that infants have brain activity makes them a world of difference between a zygote that has no brain activity. They can think and feel and exhibit all the characteristics of other human beings. A zygote exhibits none of those characteristics.	0
I think you sound rather immature. And actually, it's tough luck for you, Chuzlife. Because the law is not on your side. And I doubt women who are exercising their Constitutional rights are going to tell you about what's going on with their bodies or within their privacy of their relationships with their physicians and/or family members.   Nor do I blame them one bit.   And just to clarify your position for the board, on this "child" definition you keep insisting on. Do you mean to use that terminology for a fertilized egg, too?   As in the photograph I shared earlier?   :flutteringeyelashes:	0
Pretty much every experiment ever carried out in a petri-dish; take your pick Also the revisited peppered moth experiment I linked to earlier.	0
But I think that is the point. What if you didn't agree with the germ theory of disease? Does that mean that it shouldn't be taught in health classes in our schools? Should it be replaced by the bad humors of night air theory? But not everyone agrees with that theory either.	0
And rightfully so.	0
Because of the rare nature of fossilisation, we don't expect to see perfect transitional lineages through millions and millions of years. I really don't think there are any scientists that think there SHOULD be millions and millions of transitions, because of the nature of fossilisation.   Science is like a detective story. If you wanted to solve a murder, for example, you take a look at the evidence. You have a gun, spent rounds, dead body etc. To convict someone of a murder, you need fingerprints, blood on clothes, DNA and such to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the person you are accusing actually shot the deceased and you can convict WITHOUT an eye witness.   It's the same for science and the fossil record, because there is no-one around who directly observed animals undertaking large changes over time. But if you take a look at the fossil record, molecular biology, geological time etc, this is what it shows. From what we understand from the last 100 or so years of evidence and investigation, biological evolution is the best scientific explanation we have for the diversity of life on earth.   3 questions for Calligirl.   For the 4th time. What would be YOUR definition of a transitional form?   When calculating the age of this earth, how precise do you expect or want scientists to get?   How many transitional fossils would you LIKE to see in what period of time?   I really don't think this will progress if you can't tell us what it is you would like to see.	0
Hehe.   Putting political messages on such things seems retarded to me though.   -Wez	0
Actually Electro, do you remember this thread?   Evidence for a flood? Oddly enough it took 20 pages before one of them even tried to argue against the reasons why the flood did not occur.	0
You don't consider yourself anymore advanced than animals? Not seperated specially in anyway? If humans are nothing but animals, than you have to question your own views and morals. For if we are just animals, than we have no cause or goals. You may as well kill yourself right now.   Please re-think this idea you have. I understand from your posts that you have a hard emotional problem, and I would urge you to please try and answer yourself those questions. You're views on this issue are built on hate, and annoyance. What morals do you have to support these views other than - You don't like it. -?	0
So you know how foolish you are and hope that name calling will distract from that being recognized by everyone. Erectus skulls were smaller because the brain was smaller. You brought up KNM-WT 15000 (Turkana Boy) and you weren't even aware that as an adult he would have been about 6'1" tall? Why is his skull smaller than modern humans?	0
The 2020 Global Food Outlook answers this as it says that a greater demand for vegetables will correspond with higher prices of vegetables in developing countries. Many articles acknowledge that starving people cannot afford much of any of the food for sale around them, and a greater demand for meat does not necesarily mean a decrease in demand for vegetables as populations grow globally. Since increasing meat consumption is irrational because it will not feed the poor and it will do even more damage to the environment, again, the solution proposed is to support the initiative for developing nations to become more self-sufficient in growing plant foods for themselves.	0
Well, HRC estimates that the costs would be negligable and that some governments would actually save money. They site many studies on the issue, which I have not taken the time to look up, as I think this sort of statistic is worthless. It is unreasonable to ask same-sex couples to pay for the marriage of opposite-sex couples without asking opposite-sex couples to return this payment. Still, you seem very concerned about it, so I will provide this link:   http://www.hrc.org/Template.cfm?Sect...entDisplay.cfm   It is an interest group in favor of gay rights, yes, but that doesn't make them wrong. I did have a link to an actual study on the topic, but I cannot seem to find it. I'm sure if I scoured the Internet more, I could come up with something.	0
Can't argue with this illogic.	0
Clearly this is true. There are a multitude of denominations from every religion. This is as specially true with Christianity because the texts do not explain how all the ceremonies are done. Baptism was performed in areas where full immersion could not have occurred but the best explanations of baptism paint a picture of a full immersion. The Church of Christ believes one must baptize in the name of Jesus, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost thing was while Jesus lived. Because the practice of speaking in tongues was used by the first church, some believe the art must stay in the church.   Most of the complications to Christianity is simply because the followers really believed Jesus would return. No one wrote a book on the Religion.   The Religion changed a great deal through time. King James was no saint and he had clear reasons he would not allow some letters into an authorized version he would sign on to.   One letter spoke of the sin of Slavery. This was clearly at odds with King James. Other items would have direct negative effects on the kingdom and I'll let others find the reasoning behind the withdraws.	0
LOL TOOO FUNNY	0
Since I was there, I'll give you an objective rundown:   1.) Dawkins didn't "crash" anything. He watched the movie without saying a word and participated in a Q&amp;A session with the producer at the end --a session that the producer deliberately started.   2.) There was no "sneaking" on any level. PZ, his daughter, and I all registered our names over the internet for the event and selected the option to have up to three guests come with us. We registered our real names, our real addresses, our real telephone numbers, and our real emails, and we all received confirmation emails approving our registration.   3.) What possible reason did they have to deny PZ a viewing of the film? Dawkins and I pressed the producer Mathis on this issue, and he said it was about money -- he wanted PZ to come back in a month and pay his $10. But this makes no sense. PZ was paid $1,200 for his interview. They thanked him for the interview in the credits. If money was a concern, they could have paid him $1,190 and given him a free reservation. Just the fact that he was in the film should have been enough to warrant a seat at a pre-screening event.   This all begs the question: What in God's name are they so bloody afraid of?	0
Just on my way out, saw this, and YES! I have long believed that this is the heart of the matter, and have tried to make this point with little success from time to time.   I have never seen a direct response to this. Ever. Even in threads where the discussion has carried on in detail on both sides, this concept is totally ignored.   There was a similar, brief hiatus leaning towards this point in one of the threads over at IIDB where creationist spammer Afdave is rapidly losing his dignity and proving himself predictably ignorant in all fields of science including the philosophy of same.   It got really interesting for a bit and the guys over there looked to have actually got through to him for a bit, but then he predictably went into full Gish Gallop mode in order to bury his own cognitive dissonances underneath wave upon wave of standard AiG/EvoFairytale strawmen.   Just my two pence; this is a fascinating psychological point that should be discussed.	0
Well, at least accoreding to your "because I say so" belief. The woman, of course, don't need to pay attention to your desire to control her own body in bondage to your particular brand of outraged morality.	0
You mean to tell me it's a falsehood??   I don't believe it.	0
Thanks, Clive, you're a good sport. Of course I can't agree with the XXXXX part. Rash, unwise, unknowledgeable, maybe, but not fools.	0
I think they should. I mean, if you're under 18, you are still under your parent's guardian. I feel like they have the right to know if their child is getting an abortion.	0
To me, part of the point of the "please, no scripture" comment would be to forgo any insistence that we worship God just because the bible says to.   A person could insist that sons pay some form of homage / respect to their father on Father's Fay, but I would argue that it's not reasonable to do so in every case. For example, if the father was physically or sexually abusive, or the father abandoned his children, those would be reasons to fore-go any Father's Day formalities.   And "God" could be viewed as the absent father. Suppose we assume that he created the earth and life on the earth. What's his involvement been since then?   Should we worship him just because he's God?   Or, depending upon how one sees God, is God a being unworthy of worship and idolization?   And along those lines, utilizing the Bible as a reference could be a double-edged sword. The "God" of the Old Testament ordered slavery, misogyny, genocide, women as spoils of war, ...	0
What's your point? Of course they will be bound by Heller just as the courts are bound by Roe v. Wade. That point wasn't in dispute. As long as you're talking about 19th Century Second Amendment case law, I like The State v. Buzzard (1842).	0
Because the Iliad and Odyssey do not claim to be divine does not mean they should be placed under a different threshold as the Bible. Otherwise, it's special pleading on your part, and thus logically fallacious.   This is one of many inconsistencies between skeptics in regards to the scrutiny of the Bible. They are unwilling to put the standards they have on the Bible against other books similar in age. If they did, there would not be a single book left standing.	0
It is an acronym for 'Y'oung 'E'arth 'C'reationist. In other words... someone who believes that the earth is only 6,000 - 10,000 years old and was created in six days by a being known as God.	0
How many court decisions have said that it is unconstitutional to regulate guns in any way?	0
Yes. I believe it's a matter of personal individual freedom.   If purchased legally, and not used to commit a crime, what harm comes from handgun ownership? I don't own one, but I own many other guns. If they can ban handguns, what's to stop them from banning shotguns, or even BB guns?   I don't believe in a nanny state, taking away my toys "for my own good".   Waxy	0
We know that now, but not because the sun rises every day, because we have identified other evidence that proves heliocentrism.   The hypothesis "the sun orbits the earth" predicts it will rise and set every day, the hypothesis "The earth is rotating" predicts the same.	0
Again, we never said that a human fetus was a different species.	0
Fetal Homocide? Toddler Homicide? A human in different stages of development.....Why/or What is the difference?And if someone wanted this legal( Toddler Homicide) ...I don't see much anybody could do legally to stop it..   When women kill their tots they are locked up/ and branded with a criminal record vs the female who callously kills durning the fetal stage.(Double standard?)   I have a couple friends, who have aborted more than once, because they didn't want to lose their girly figure(trivial). I find it eerie and disturbion.....	0
Fossils show inherited change. Adaptation does not.	0
Having human DNA does not necessarily make one a human being. Transgenic animals can have human DNA, does that make them human beings.	0
yes, on the grounds of "mostly likely" we can make reasonable assumptions. but we must still treat them as such.   part of the catch of God's existence is that no evidence of his existence cn ever be found. if Jesus actually physically performed observable miracles, even 2000 years ago, then it would surely proven that the supernatural can and does (or did) exist in reality. however, even jesus's ministry contradicts the faith theory. how can God expect faith from those who haven't observed on the grounds of those who have? if people can observe the manifested power of God in reality, then they have physical evidence that God exists. but this conflicts with the nature of God from a biblical standpoint. in other words, the bible cannot claim that physical evidence for the existence of God can exist, and then that it cannot exist, without contradicting itself. what we end up with is the predicament that ANY physical evidence that could possibly support God's existence is evidence against God's existence (at least from a biblical standpoint)	0
Interesting thought..... such a situation would theorectically remove the division of opinion that exists based upon the perspective of gender (ie. the pro-life religious male) and would make any difference of opinion be based on moral/philosophical considerations alone.   You could argue it would shift opinion towards the mix currently held by women as everyone would be in the position of having to bear pregnancy. Given that there is a full mix of religious and other beliefs in the current day female population perhaps this would be a good analogy to such a state of being you suggest.	0
What in the Hell does evolution have to do with people doing bad things? I am a believer in creation by God and have never heard such drivel. BOY-HOWDY!!!	0
And, what percentage is that? How was the poll conducted? Who conducted it? How was the determination made about who was a 'scientist'?	0
But poetry will never be taken seriously in political decisions. Atheists have a lot to like in songofgenesis, don't they?   another quote	0
Because you people keep wanting one restriction after another after another after another. Nothing is ever good enough for you, you always want more than ever. Well we don't want to abide by your wishes, gun ownership is a recognized right, and your hatred of rights won't be tolerated. We're not going to just stand by and be painted as the bad guys because you have the mentally disabled belief that banning gun ownership will reduce crime, and anybody who disagrees with you want to see people killed.	0
So you have a scumbag democrat screeching hate speech and we are supposed to believe its true! Get real baby even you don't believe this unless you have donated a vital organ associated with reasoning.	0
Hate to have to spoil things, but the rest of the world has really no interest at all in Kansas and its scholastic problems	0
i'm impressed! this is a very precise description, in regular english   and yes, the deduction in 9 seems presumptious if all we state is God has a "possibility of existence". how this was cleverly cleared up (from the same source site) was simply a trip back to the definition: "greatest possible being". the "greatest possible being", by definition, MUST have a possible existence. in otherwords, we cannot assume that there is a possibility that the greatest possible being does not exist. yeah, it sounds like the whole "proof" is pointless because your premise is already the proof   just keep in mind that for the purposes of this proof, God is defined as "the greatest being possible". as long as that definition is maintained, the proof works...   does that mean that God exists? hmmm....	0
What a condescending attitude you have. In case you haven't noticed, you are a very small part of the human race that you smuggly hold in contempt. (Thankfully small!) Your mission should be to improve it, not to stand back and claim you are better than everybody else, as you seem to do.   Killing innocent people of any age is wrong. Children are no exception, they are just the epitomy of innocence.   The "pretty sick" applies to your own deluded thoughts.   Rest assured, I will not mourn your death or the deaths of any of those you may have taught your insane values. You are  !	0
And sometimes, necessary.	0
And religion is what caused the Crusades and most other wars in the past, and many wars, and bloody disputes, to this very day. Many, many, many, many, many more people have died in the name of religion than in anything that could be called "in the name of atheism".	0
Are there truly laws of logic?   Where are they encoded?	0
BWAHAHAHAHHAAH!   Innocent citizens are FIVE TIMES more likely to be mistakenly shot by a cop, than a cop even DELIBERATELY by a civilian!   Likewise, if my life is in danger, then I'm not really too worried about my lack of accountability to the person choosing to ENDANGER it; and I'm really sure if he's willling to commit armed murder then he's not too worried about misdemeanor gun-laws.   Psht, it's amazing how stupid, naive and arrogant these anti-gun XXXXXX are.   It's easy to get cute when someone ELSE'S life is on the line, but it's just plain evil to use the guns of the state, to take away someone ELSE'S guns and expose them to danger-- and particularly cowardly and hyopcrticial while cringing behind a safe neighborhood and lifestyle, while hiding from potential danger-- than shamelessly attacking those who simply fight BACK.	0
Well, you have "proved" that the U.S. health insurance does not have any higher administrative cost than Medicare or the rest od the industrialized world. I think your problem is that you are convinced in your head that that in our healthcare there is no waste. And you are trying to square it with the obvious fact that our cost is the highest with nothing to show for it. You will have to admit that there is waste.   For example we have 5x as many MRI scanners than we need, we perform too many tests, we have high adminstrative cost. All these costs will be reduced. There will be fewer of these things PER INSURED. I do not know how many times I have to repeat this before you get it. The volume of this work PER INSURED will decrease. Do you understand that?	0
I'd say no to the first part, and yes to the second. The "information theory" argument is something that gets brought up on forums alot, generally by people who don't know what information theory is, but I've never seen an "official" ID person claim it as a central argument.   The basic argument is that stuff, from the universe, to people, to eyeballs, to DNA, is too complex to have "just happened". Someone, (and they won't say God, cause their not trying to be religious here, oh no...) must have designed them.	0
Originally Posted by Symbiote   a) In medicine, the use of antibiotics, the understanding of what causes resistance, and what kind of treatments can be used to avoid resistance. The knowledge that virii (like the bird flu) can easily evolve over time to spread through different organisms, resulting in preventative measures to prevent deadly diseases effecting humans.   ender Krum:   This seems to be micro, not macro, evolution. I am still having trouble combining micro and macro evolution. Could someone address the following statement from wikipedia on micro-evolution?   "Typically, observable instances of evolution are examples of microevolution; for example, bacterial strains that have become resistant to antibiotics. Because microevolution can be observed directly, both pro-evolution and some anti-evolution groups agree that it is a fact of life."   Walking-fish:   The mechanisms of mutation, gene flow, genetic drift and natural selection that work for microevolution below the species level, also work at the macroevolutionary level (why wouldn't they?). However, some biologists put more emphasis on the role of mutations of developmental genes at the macro level to push the changes that lead to higher taxons. The most often quoted example here is that of Stephen J Gould, who proposed that the jaws evolved in fish as a result of such genes causing a shift in the position of the first 2 gill arches relative to the others so they could be free to evolve as jaws. I think that these drastic genetic changes would be the only discernable difference in the mechanisms between micro &amp; macroevolution.   As for the "typically observable" examples of evolution, I'd like to add that observed speciation events cross the threshold between micro &amp; macro. Also, lineages in the fossil record are easily observable. Genetic markers are, likewise, observable evidence of macroevolution. So it is perfectly legit to say that we can indirectly observe macroevolution by way of this kind of evidence.	0
Just to contribute, I'm pro-gun, have had training in the proper use and laws in my area, and have owned weapons for more than 30 years.	0
And how is your think group any different, you all think alike just as gun owners all think alike. So stop calling the kettle black.	0
GOD was proved not to exist many years ago details if you wish.   GOD was proved to exist many years ago details if you wish.   IRAQ was proven many years ago to be a justifiable war.\   IRAQ was proven many years ago to be a non-justifiable war.   And so it goes. Most such proofs are hot air, unsupported distrortions. Hovind is of course good at that particular game.	0
Intellignet design seems to have a large following. The fact that somebody believes in intellient design does not necessarily mean that they disagree with evolution. A lot of folks (I would say the majority) view it as evolution used as a vehicle for intellient design (basically "god planned it and made it all happen").   The movement to teach YEC is non existant. Creationism does not necessarily=YEC. The YEC crowd is their own little clique of scientific illiterates. I have been on the local board of education for 2 years now and have never heard the phrase "Young Earth Creationists" in any official capacity, nor has anybody ever suggested that it be taught. I had no idea what a "young earth creationist" was until I read it on this board, 6 months ago. It is simply not an issue, and I am right in the middle of Kansas.	0
Ok, now show your evidence. If you have any, that is.	0
But your proof didn't claim that God could do anything possible. Maybe only one person could build a computer, maybe one person could make a car, maybe one person could run the mile in under 4 minutes. That doesn't mean that God can do ALL of these things. It means that whoever we define to be the greatest being, we can call him god and thus he exists. Of course this wouldn't be sufficient to Christians as this says that God is probably mortal and has the limits of being a physical being.	0
Nobody should be forced to even have a sonagram. I think that you'll find reasonable pro-life and pro-abortion people believe that much.	0
Just another anti-gun Blogger.   I could go on, but doing so would boar the heck out of everyone, to include me!	0
He had ALREADY MADE the animals. "now the Lord God HAD FORMED..." not "now the Lord God formed..." See the difference? He already HAD FORMED the animals before he brought them to Adam. He made the animals before Adam.	0
Well then this doesn't answer my question.   If you have 10 doctors for 100 people (this is just an example) and only 50 of them have health insurance and each doctor gets paid $100 a year then your health care per capita is $10 ([10doctors x $100]/100 people). If you change it to 100 people with health insurance you now have $10 per capita as well because you population did not change. Health care costs are shown per capita and not per person insured: Per Capita Health Expenditures by Country, 2007 &amp;mdash; Infoplease.com   So again, if you go from $6,000 per capita per that website given above to say Switzerland levels at $4,100 per capita then where did that money come from?	0
A person going to Hell is a consequence of sin. God doesn't want it, but he can't stop it.	0
Interesting, but it appears to ignore the fact that there is pre-existing variation (just look at the pictures). Emphasizing mutations is ok, but relying solely on them will probably skew results.	0
You stand up for women..   I stand up for the child who has no choice   Who's being descrimatory here?	0
If the fetus is human is not relevant? So if everyone says it is human then it still doesn't have a right to live then huh? Do you really support the killing of an innocent life for whatever reason? Do you really think placing one human over another is good (in this case women is more important then baby)?	0
Whether a fetus is a person is not something open to consideration. An apple is not an orange. The reason that we have two words to apply as labels is simply because they absolutely are not the same thing. It is that simple.   Suppose that a fetus is frozen and implanted in a female 22 years later. Is it of legal drinking age at birth? Obviously not. We currently have the technology to actually do this.	0
Which is what they did to the Jews.	0
Bonus question:   (Can you spot the grammatical error within the quoted text?)	0
Well I think that the geology of the planet would influence everything. From religions to morals and scientific progression. Because long ago on our planet Europe not only thought the world was flat and they could fall over at the edge into an abyss but Europe generally didn't have knowledge of the Asian cultures until the silk road was active. If the asian and european cultures were not so greatly distanced from each other history would have been greatly changed to the extent that compared to our world would be pretty loopy	0
Well, your parents' parents also had parents who had parents who had parents which all streams back down to 2 people who God created...adam and eve. so ultimately your life is a gift from God because the whole human race was created by Him.	0
yes and my post was proving that	0
It is clearly not a strawman argument. I think he doesn't know what "straw man" means and I think he is meaning to say "red herring."   It isn't a red herring either; it's a perfectly logically related question. I would guess he doesn't see that as he neither understands evolution nor bacterial resistance and, thus, the relationship.	0
Again, this wasn't just about you and me. I do think you corrected someone's spelling and if you didn't it was another creationist.	0
Sorry, sometimes sarcasm is quite hard to read.	0
These "infants" do. My mother could have aborted me and she chose to have me.   And if the state decides to keep abortion legal? Then you don't care if these "gifts from God" have a chance or not?	0
Actually they do. Whether or not you think they should is another matter entirely. Did you not notice where the article came from? From a paper in India. I also found articles on the same subject from papers all over the country as well as in other countries such as Romania.   Save your snobbery for someone else.	0
As I mentioned above, science curriculums follow paths. One's worldview plays heavily on one's interpretation of scientific data. An agnostic, or atheist teaching establishment can become satisfied with one path of scientific theories without searching for others. There may be more to be discovered about thermodynamics, cell structure, irreducible complexity, the decay rate of the earth's magnetic field, radiometric dating, the fossil record, and countless other things that a teaching establishment may not be interested in exploring, if it's comfortable with it's interpretation of current data's indications that the happenstance origins worldview is correct. It goes back to what we touched on before - teaching students HOW to think, not WHAT to think.	0
and section 6	0
Because you asked me to quote your lies. I did. Not only can you not find whichever source you claim speaks of birds' infrared vision, you apparently can't find any source that does so. Despite this, you've been whining about how visible and UV camouflage must be moot because of birds IR vision.   And to top it off, rather than admit to your mistaken memory, you're blaming the imaginary source:	0
think about what you just typed, that doesn't make any sense.	0
I would kind of Like to Discuss your Fascinating use of Caps.   But seriously, your numbers are insane. Somewhere around 8000 gay couples have gotten married in the past couple of years, how in the world do you imagine that they've cost the state hundreds of thousands or millions each? You just made all that up, didn't you?	0
So you would go with the unknowable argument?   Well then this is applicable to your response:   So now you have said that god is undefinable or often said "supernatural".   T:I believe in God   A:What is God?   T:I dont know.   Then my question to you would be that if you dont know what God is... then what is it that you believe in?	0
Thanks. But it seems that you don't understand. Perhaps the people of Austin are more intelligent than they are down here in Houston. Maybe it's just that you are surrounded by educated people who show a tendency away from creationism. But you see, I run into people all the time (and meet them on this board too) who think that speciation has never been observed. Why do they think that? Because their holy book tells them so. The herring gull/lesser black-backed gull is an example of a single, vast, globe encircling population that has become separate species at the extremes of it's range - and those extremes overlap. Before I came to Texas the idea that the Book of Genesis was literally true never occurred to me. So it was kind of a neat moment to realize that the big birds around the restaurant dumpster were herring gulls, a living example of a population in the process of forming separate species.	0
Oh dear God your ignorance is abundant!   Do you not understand what the federal DOMA law does?	0
And you believe that to be what? You really need to just say who/what you think the Creator is to save us from having to make all these clarification posts.	0
I think you present a good point, but part of the test here is to see how my post is reponded to; silence from certain people tells us things in inself.   So far it seems my initial estimation of the issue is about right- the idelogy being upheld helps some people ignore the effect the punitive policy imposes.	0
This is a pretty touchy issue, and I agree with the different points of view.. most of them make sense... while I don't personally agree with abortion, I don't feel that I have the right to tell someone else what they should do. The way I see it, is that it's their body, their life, they are the ones who will be affected by their decision. I don't have to like the choices someone else makes, and I don't have to agree with it, but while I have that right, I also believe that people should have the right to make those decisions. Are these anti-abortion people going to step in and pay for the cost of having the baby, raising it, etc..??? Maybe some of those are the issues people consider when having an abortion. Maybe the woman was raped. I see the point when someone said that the baby should not be punished for that, and I agree with that, but the rape was committed against the woman's will... she didn't ask for that to happen, and if a pregnancy results from that, that is also against her will, so why should she feel that she has to have the child? What does she tell the child when it decides to ask who its father is?? The child could still be born and given up for adoption, and that is a good idea, but maybe the woman will relive the rape throughout the pregnancy by being reminded of it on a daily basis.... all I feel is until it happens to you, and YOU are forced to make these kinds of choices, you shouldn't judge anyone else for the choices that they make.	0
State-level governments are largely worthless, in my opinion. It is complete absurdity to allow Constitutions to be ammended based on the vote of the people. People as a whole are largely biased, uninformed, and care only about the wellbeing of the majority, persecuting the minority any chance they get. Simply put, the will of the people is too often to benefit the majority and persecute the minority, and this can be seen everywhere throughout history. The will of the people often deserves to be not only ignored but put in a little can and crushed, for the voice of the people is not the voice of the people at all; it is the voice of the majority.   I cannot know the intentions of the creators of the California goverment when they created their judicial system, but if it was anything like the intentions of the founders of our nation, then the judges are doing precisely what it was intended to do: judge laws which persecute the minority, assuring that the government cannot engage in such persecution without a whole lot of effort and not having to fear retaliation. If the point of judges was simply to give in to whatever pesecution 51% of the population wishes to force upon the other 49%, then our government would be tyrannical in no time.   You may feel that a bad precedent was set, but I consider it a far worse precedent for a judge to have given into the majority, to ignore what he feels is a destruction of freedom and equality, simply because it is popular to do so. I would also recommend that the California Constitution be judged based on the fact that it likely has conflicting statements, for example, it may state that everyone must recieve equal protection under the law, of which this is a clear denial.   The California judge would probably not have the authority to refer to the Federal Constitution; it would have to be taken to the Federal Courts for that.	0
The counter arguments put forth by its critics do not defeat the Violinist arguments, at the very least. Whether one accepts the argument anyway is another story :P	0
Contraceptives (for example a condom/ the pill) aren't going to last a month effectively. Then there's the fact that contraceptives, given the above data, can still be 99% effective, as it doesn't mention how many pregnancies they've prevented.   What does the writer make of this though? "According to this, condoms have a high failure rate for pregnancy."	0
Because you've presented no credible evidence to support the claims that private transactions are an established and major source of firearms for criminals.   If you can't prove it's broken, you don't have grounds to call for fixing it.	0
Well, I don't believe in evolution. I believe in things for which I have no evidence. And while it is true that everyone has bias, using correct science and the process of peer review works to eliminate. Not all is perfect, and people are people, but overall the system works. Not a lot of bad science gets through. In the case of "creation science" we know that there is no science involved. Only talk that sounds scientific. There is no hypothesis, prediction or testing. Only ad hoc stories constructed of selected bits of evidence to support the foregone conclusion.	0
I never said anything about a conspiracy Peeling. I very clearly gave valid reasons to Consider that scientific GRANTS and pay increases for these scientists are based on making new and previously undiscovered claims that forward the science. That is the greatest motivation to lie, cheat, create and falsify evidence which adds to the scientists personal wealth and further promotes a false science that is rife with selfish motivations to preserve, protect and promote it.	0
Apparently, all them dinosaurs were just too dumb to climb to higher ground or swim (despite the fact that animals are among the first to do so in disasters - example would be the tsunami in Christmas 2004) All of this also avoids the flying reptiles such as the Pteranodons.   Also, apparently humans are unique in that they are the only ones whose corpses bload and float to the water's surface.   What garbage will they come up with next?	0
Then show the evidence.	0
Oh sorry, I didn't understand what you were asking.   Ok, what I think happened {Like Tasyfish hinted at} was that Moses recorded what god told him or Genesis 1 because it is in more detail, and Genesis 2 is what was passed down through Noah, in Oral history, so it would differ slightly, but that's becaue of man's error, not God's.	0
You think open carrying of loaded handguns in public will become fashionable in CA?   I think if anyone took to this they'd find themselves asked to leave establishments routinely.	0
And for those who are not deadbeats? Would you grant them any "rights?"	0
Is the Ammo Shortage the Result of a Government Conspiracy or an NRA Marketing Campaign?	0
But when some are ignorant enough to believe in a false science like evolution, which is based on lies and deceptions, they prove right there that they haven't enough knowledge of the truth, nor a sense of discernment that is capable of even determining what is true or a lie. So who are you people to even judge the intelligence of those who will ultimately be proven to have known the truth regarding our origins, to the lies that you so proudly defend?   I say this only so you pseudo intellectuals will have some personal introspection to consider rather than just assuming that you'll get the correct answers by leaning on human understanding. It is incredible that you can't even see that you are bankrupt when you rely on unprovable assumptions that are based on preconceived notions, that have been both failing and conflicting with all of the new discoveries made in each generation to follow, thereby forcing the need to redefine the parameters by which evolution works every 10 years or so.   So evolution isn't a science, it's a working piece of fiction in progress that is constantly being tweaked and shaped to fit the preconceptions no matter what new evidence is discovered that contradicts it.	0
Yea the legalizatioin of drugs would cause an epedimic of problems. Crime, suicide, mental health problems, and physical health problems.	0
That is right funny goober Paul Helmke is sweating it as all the post Heller court cases keep chipping away the feet the brady bunch is built on.   Gun-ban lobby losing its shot | The Daily Caller - Breaking News, Opinion, Research, and Entertainment   Gun prohibitionists are disingenuous, hypocritical   "Gun-Free" Chicago experiences a 9/11 once every four years   The Daily O'Collegian - Shooting down gun control laws   http://www.news-sentinel.com/apps/pb...6/NEWS/3260308   Another Coburn amendment killed by Senate | .Politics   Let me know when you had enough I will post all the States that have a State Firearm freedom act as well as more of the same	0
Three questions:   What country operates under an "unbridled capitalism" system?   Can you name any nation that has operated under your idea of socialism successfully?   If the American system of government is so terrible, why do we have one of the highest standards of living on earth?   Just because you think you are entitled to what I earn doesn't make it so. Earn your own.	0
And religious folk in the south used the Bible to justify enslavement of thousands or millions of blacks, and also to justify their treating blacks as mere property. I suppose (but am not familiar enough with all of the details to know for sure) that some even used the Bible to justify linching blacks.	0
Like most things theists that statement is based on ignorance.	0
Do me a favor. Write, in your own words, two paragraphs. One explaining the electromagnetic spectrum (and the visible spectrum's place in it), and one discussing rods and cones in the eyes.	0
A slimey claim you cannot support as usual. In developed Nations, the U.S. is far down the list as has been posted on this very board at least 5 times. Those 'other' Nations also have far more crime and violent crime than the U.S.	0
Well, your reasoning is certainly muddled, and it seems to be confused with some sort of twisted socio-political agenda, but I don't think I would characterize your piece a filthy collage. But you can call you stuff what you want.	0
But you haven't looked. You may claim that your god did it, and no evidence to support or deny that can be offered. The assertion relies on miracle and has no suporting evidence. But when you start talking about how your god did it, your claims can be debunked by facts. Certainly the mythology of ancient nomadic herdsmen is not accurate. If you look at the world and the history of the world the is evident in the geologic strata, then you can see that the earth is very old, and you can see a succession of organisms through time. When considered with other fields of science from genetics to biogeography to physiology and anatomy, evolution becomes apparent.	0
The founding fathers were afraid to trust the common people with the right to vote. They didn't want mob rule and chaos. "Most of the Founders believed that property ownership was essential to good citizenship and therefore that only property owners should be able to vote. 'Property', in those days, also included slaves, of course, and half of the Founders were slave owners....The maintenance of power in the hands of the elite was further strengthened by who could vote. In 1787, there were about four million people living in the 13 original states. But only about four percent of them, it is estimated, could vote. Excluded were the one million slaves, the two million women, anyone under the age of 21, and all non-property owners."   http://www.alternativesmagazine.com/22/lonsdale.html	0
One shouldn't assume ignorance on the part of creationists. That is a mistake that too many evolutionists make.   In the real world, we have people willing to say things they already know isn't true. Why should creationists be any different? After all, they are people, too. But rather than accept that fact, evolutionists argue that creationists are ignorant of a subject when, in reality, they (creationists) were simply telling lies.	0
Oh, he doesn't want abortion, huh? If you take the Old Testament to be true, you just lied here.   Let's look, shall we?	0
Good old monkeys! What can't we learn from them   Since we are in the Creation vs Evolution section I'm guessing that your debate here is that monkeys and humans show some similar ways of thinking such as in this experiment. It does seem like further evidence that evolution did take place between our two species although it isn't a case cracker by any means.	0
Well regulated as in the second amendment does not mean regulated by the government, it means well equiped and prepared. The framers of the constitution often spoke of a tyrannical government and how to keep one from coming to power, so why in the hell would they have said lets just give the government total control of guns. Your definition of well regulated makes about as much sense as adding another day to the week.	0
Yes, every living thing is made up of cells.	0
I think the OP said it pretty well. If an organism or cell can process information and then make decisions based on that information, that's intelligence.	0
oh, now we're getting somewhere. Explain more, please. Oh, and some evidence of incremental modifications would be nice too.	0
Well, if burglars want to steal guns then it makes sense that they would be likely to target the homes of gun owners. And the source is from the recently published book Evaluating Gun Policy which you can read and review. The source is listed at the bottom.	0
The definition of manslaughter is when one's actions, which end up killing someone, display a reckless disregard for the dangers of the situation. That's not a proper legal definition, but it'll do.   Now, you want to argue that pro-lifers would be forced into the counterintuitive conclusion that ALL miscarriage is manslaughter, and thus their position is ridiculous. I'm saying that they would only be forced to admit that a very small portion of miscarriage is manslaughter, and a portion that they would probably be willing to make a case for.   I'm not saying "miscarriage is not manslaughter," but only "miscarriage is not always manslaughter." For example, if a woman took perfectly good care of herself and did nothing dangerous, but had a miscarriage anyway, she would obviously not have committed manslaughter. If a woman had one drink with dinner, but she was carrying a very unhealthy fetus and it died, then she would not have committed manslaughter, because that was not reckless. I pointed out the "you-shouldn't-be-drinking-and-having-unprotected-sex" argument as a position somebody might hold, but I think that it would probably be judged as unrepresentative of the definition of manslaughter.   So obviously, miscarriage cannot be manslaughter in the sense of "every instance of A is an instance of B."	0
Because...	0
The process of evolution has no scientifically known teleology and follows no known predestined plan. It does not teach that there cannot be any such things as teleology or forethought. This is where your mistake lies.	0
Unions fought to keep children out of work for the same reason they fought to keep blacks and women out of work - they want a monopoly on employment.	0
But the civil war wasn't fought for slavery. If you will recall the average northern soldier wasn't too fond of blacks, and that is not only sugar coating it, but saying it in the nicest terms possible. The civil war was fought to keep the union in tact. Border states still kept their slaves for obvious reasons, the intactness of the union trumped any moral principal. Besides, that wasn't true even in practice. Black soldiers were paid less, had less equipment, had less medical care and were given the worst jobs possible. Hardly created equal. It took some time before they could even fight. Your argument is a load of garbage to someone who actually has knownledge about the civil war.   I won't even go into the reconstruction period and how your so called principal didn't even exist.	0
Well, that just means I'm a more capable lump of cells now than I was when I was first conceived. I started doing what most embryos do when they are first formed, and that is develop. I'm still developing. I can't seem to stop it. I think my body has stopped growing (in height anyway), but seem to keep filling my brain with more and more experience.   The point I was trying to make is that since there is a continuum of existence between conception and death, there is no line you can draw (save birth, which may or may not be considered an arbitrary boundary to personhood) that would constitute some sort of a change in what you are.   I started as one cell and continued to grow and develop, which I am still doing now. If I am a person now, I was a person when I was the zygote.   If we are going to talk about aortion in this society we should be honest about it and not try to mince words when it come to killing a baby. I'm not "anti-choice" but I think we should honestly recognize that an embryo is a living human individual that dies when it is aborted. That thought turns most people off so they have to make themselves believe that an abortion is not a killing since the embryo wasn't a person. Logically, it is a killing. A life was ended. The question then becomes, is it murder? I don't happen to think that, but it is really quite subjective anyway.	0
Yea I agree with you on how there was no exact se t of laws at the beginning of creation. The reason I say that they most likely didn't marry their sisters is mostly cause God gets mad at Cain and places a mark on his head so everyone he runs across will not kill him unless they want to die a death 10 times worse than his. Kinda just says that there are other people out there.	0
Just because it is human doesn't mean it's a human being. I'm not sure what grade you're in but that's basic biology 101. Your ears are human. Your ears are NOT human beings.	0
It was in the news for a while and I'm pretty sure the inquiry found that it was a terrible misfortune based on miscommunication between the hospital and the parents. There was no selling of stolen dead babies for profit type of business going on with is what Fishx implies with the first post.   Sorry, didn't mean to offend there but I still think its better than another baby has a chance to live than pretty much anything with respect to the desceased. If it happened to me I would have no problem at all about any of my organs being used to save lives, either directly or indirectly through training of more doctors or research. Yet, I still respect your wishes and said before that if this is going to happen it should certainly be cleared with the parents first. You're just going to have to accept my appologies and realise that I have no idea what you went through, having not been there myself.   Being in an abortion forum, and the nature of the first post it seemed very quite possible that Fishx had had an abortion, though regretted it and wanted the remains to bury - this is a very different case than the one you have unfortunately experienced, hence the question.	0
Different sort of penetration, so no.	0
I hope I have already begun to change your mind.	0
Evolutionary scientists is a confusing term. A geochronologist might work out an age for a lava sample for example. Astronomers have also made comment on the age of the earth as have paleontologists studying certain fossils.   So why would no flood make radiometric much more likely to accurate as you say? Can we hear some specific detail on this as it is kinda significant to backing you your assumption.	0
The Brady Campaign whines more than they act. Making handguns legal in Chicago wouldn't make them happy. Sending the national guard in wouldn't make them happy. They don't have a solution for the problem, but they're right there to whine about it.   They're just like the Federal Government; they find something simple and complicate it.	0
just how i said it...   opinion...   like, what you think   of it	0
Yes Chrstians should be disarmed so the "moral" atheists, humanists, pagans who crucified people should rule over us . . . that would give everyone a warm fuzy feeling inside.   Matt 26: 1 And it happened, when Jesus finished all these sayings, He said to His disciples, 2 You know that the Passover is coming after two days, and the Son of man is betrayed to be crucified.   Of course there are valid reasons why Christ armed His men.   Romans 13: 1 Let every soul be subject to higher authorities, for there is no authority except from God, but the existing authorities have been ordained by God. 2 So that the one resisting authority has opposed the ordinance of God, and the ones opposing will receive judgment to themselves. 3 For the rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the bad. And do you desire not to fear the authority? Do the good, and you will have praise from it; 4 for it is a servant of God to you for the good. But if you practice evil, be afraid; for he does not bear the sword in vain; for he is a servant of God, an avenger for wrath to the one practicing evil. 5 Because of this, it is necessary to be subject, not only on account of wrath, but also on account of conscience. 6 For on this account you also pay taxes, for they are ministers of God, always giving attention to this very thing. 7 Then give to all their dues: to the one due tax, the tax; to the one due tribute, the tribute; to the one due fear, the fear; to the one due honor, the honor.   Luke 11: 21 When the strong one, having been armed, guards his dwelling, his goods are in peace. 22 But as soon as one stronger than he comes, he overcomes him; he takes away his armor on which he relied, and deals out his arms.   "a moments notice..." Well it appears the guaranteed scheduled time is on the day of judgment.   Luke 19: 27 But these enemies of mine, those not desiring me to reign over them, bring them here and execute them before me.	0
Since when are profetallifers "reasonable people"?   How reasonable can it be for them to try to impose their particular answer to a metaphysical question on others who believe differently?	0
This is a statement written by someone who obviously has not read scripture. One of the most astonising "proofs" if you will, that the Bible is of supernatural origin, is predictive prophecy. Science cannot, as you claim, "explain" everything, and it has no natural explanation for the   predictions made in scripture. How can science explain through statistical probablity the over 600 prophecies in Biblical writings that have come to pass? Also, how can it explain how supposedly uneducated people (uneducated in the ways of modern science) wrote about astronomy as if they knew about the universe as we do today. How could they have described the hydrological cycle as we have only come to know it recently?   Ecclesiastes 1:6   The wind goes toward the south,   And turns around to the north;   The wind whirls about continually,   And comes again on its circuit.   How did they know that the earth "hangs on nothing" when the accepted norm of the day did not even accept that possibility?   Job 26:7   He stretches out the north over empty space;   He hangs the earth on nothing.   How did they know that the "vapors" of the earth rise to create moisture, that is seeded by lightning with nitrogen and then falls as rain to fertilze the soil?   Jeremiah 10:13   When He utters His voice,   There is a multitude of waters in the heavens:   ?And He causes the vapors to ascend from the ends of the earth.   He makes lightning for the rain,   He brings the wind out of His treasuries.?   Hydrothermal vents[4] are described in two books of the Bible written before 1400BC?more than 3,000 years before their discovery by science.   Genesis 7:11   In the six hundredth year of Noah?s life, in the second month, the seventeenth day of the month, on that day all the fountains of the great deep were broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.   Even though the Bible is not a scientific text book and doesn't purport to be, nowhere is it scientifically inaccurate. In addition, many of the scientific ideas you are so impressed with are nothing new to the Bible. It was speaking of these things long before modern science spoke of them.   The story goes "They (scientists) are slowly working their way to the mountain's peak painstakingly measuring and analyzing every step that they take. After many years of research, they finally arrive at the top of the mountain, scale over its leading edge, only to find a group of theologians sitting there with the answers all along."	0
Our emphasis on Police and crime fighting reduced crime. Not gun control!   Our murder rate is largely an Inner City drug and drug gang related problem. Fix that and then you will finally be doing something!	0
Humans cannot cleanse themselves of their sins.	0
Because I am one who likes see things from different angles. What better way to fight your enemies then to understand their viewpoint.   Before I am attacked on the the last statement, just because I understand a viewpoint does not meant that I accept it as true or that I don't reject it.	0
Because she, like every other political figurehead, thinks it's alright for her to carry a gun, but not anybody else.   If she DIDN'T support a ban on all firearms, then why did she say "If I could have gotten 51 votes in the Senate of the United States for an outright ban, picking up every one of them -- Mr. and Mrs. America, turn them all in -- I would have done it."	0
Well I ####,moan,and bitch about it to and I know I can't prove anything,but do'nt logic say an AK47 ASSAULT RIFLE not semi auto but the real deal is going to cost hundreds less south of their border,Know doubt the same for an M16.Also you don't have to worry about smuggling them in as much if at all.Besides it getting harder all the time to get your ASSAULT RIFLES(you know the full auto type)not to mention hand grenades and rpgs at your corner gun shop anymore.Oh yeah less not forget the gun shows,and all there loop holes.   Jus a thought.	0
To clarify: is it the womans choice whether the guy is prosecuted after he has been named, or is it the states? By what you've said so far, it seems that all this law does is give woman the power to punish men if they get pregnant by them; despite the fact that the woman was just as consenting as the man at the time of the coitus.   There are also contraceptive paths for women that don't involve condoms. If a woman gets pregnant because she forgot to take the pill that morning and always relied on that rather than on condoms to stop her getting pregnant, why should the man be punished?   The message here should be simple. If you don't want an abortion, and aren't currently in a position where you can support your children, don't have unprotected sex. At the moment, it is the woman's choice alone whether she has an abortion or not, so it is the woman who has to look after the child if she is single after its birth. If you want to add men to that equation, you have to add them in both places - give them the legal right to 'have an abortion' (force their partner to have one), and make them legally responsible for the child if they do not do so. Then you have an entirely connected couple from coitus onwards; both consenting to sex, both choosing not to have an abortion and both caring for the child after birth. I doubt that that law would be a popular one, either - but if you are going to force a man to take equal legal responsibility for a child, you have to give them equal legal opportunity to avoid it.	0
So sorry, Anastasia...that's a horrible thing to face. And now, using that excuse? What!   If justice was swift for the guilty then he would not have escaped only to do it again. Some criminals never change, and via your testimony, only live to do it again.   There are some who need to be put to death.   Your situation made me shudder, Anastasia. But, I am glad you didn't let it (revenge) effect you to the point of taking his life yourself.   If it would have been my father, those many years ago, I cannot say that I would have waited, nor would have accepted that lame excuse of retardation. I could very well be in prison myself.	0
The thing is, Bush didn't live in Canada.	0
Basic law 101: You can drive by 15 1/2 with A LICENSED ADULT OVER 25 IN THE CAR. Not 18 or 21, but 25 so it isn't a matter of potential peers watching each other. And your opening post referred to 14 year olds or above, as it shows below.	0
Please define complexity. Please define information. Both definitions should be relevant to biology.	0
Yep. Here in the U.S., the 5.7 ammo is the ordinary hollow point for Civilian use. It does not penetrate. It is not Armor Piercing.	0
yes, but adam wasnt created with hereditary information or from sperm and egg cells. adam was the prototype. any subsequent humans should be born following the fashion in which adam was made. otherwise adam could have been shaped like a goat and still bear human children, because god could have formed him into whatever shape or lack of shape he wanted, yet put the genetic information in him to produce human offspring. why should adam's children look like adam? wouldnt adam's children be born the way adam was created, or not?	0
Prove it then. If this is a fact, there will be research on the subject on the net somewhere comparing the effects of the two.   In terms of addiction, alcohol is far worse than pot apparently.   http://www.tfy.drugsense.org/tfy/addictvn.htm	0
Said the troll that lives in the UK	0
Well, now this is the question that really matters, and the answer is a long one. But to state it as simply as possible: denying same-sex marriage hurts many people. It forces same-sex couples to pay for the marriage of opposite-sex couples while no one is forced to pay for their marriages. It denies them access to raise children and ability to cover their children and spouses with their medical insurance, along with the many other benefits of marriage. It uses the law to teach the people that the lifestyle and religion held by same-sex couples is wrong, and this forces them to feel the disapproval of society.   There is no reason to perpetuate these harms. I have heard many arguments opposed to same-sex marriage, but there is not even one of them that justifies these harms. In fact, I would even say that there is not one argument against same-sex marriage that makes logical sense at all. Thus, even if same-sex marriage brought no benefits, there would be no reason to keep it illegal; a free and equal society does not deny rights or benefits to anyone, unless it has a very good reason to. And there just isn't any reason to deny rights and benefits to same-sex couples.	0
And i dont really believe in god because he has shown us NO compelling evidence of his existance.	0
The curriculum is legal outside the public school system, and used in private schools. (I left a couple of sample links on the other board.) So do you see those private schools as engaged in child abuse?	0
I have no idea what this could possibly mean. It makes no sense, semantically or logically. It is so vague as a concept as to be worthless in terms of the pursuit of knowledge.	0
And when supersport says that the fossil record was created by god to test the faith of the people? He could make his hypothesis unfalsifiable, and he wouldn't care that it would be unscientific.	0
So he failed to follow procedure? So was one of the procedures to assist the child in holding the gun while the gun was being fired and to not stand at a distance? If that's the case then the instructor at the firing range was also partially at fault because it was also his responsibility to supervise the child. And I just found this:   "SPRINGFIELD, Mass. - Authorities in Massachusetts are considering whether criminal charges should be filed in the death of an eight-year-old boy who accidentally shot himself with an Uzi submachine-gun at a gun show.   "Hampden County District Attorney William Bennett says he hasn't been able to find any law that would authorize a child to possess or fire a machine-gun."   Criminal charges possible in boy's Uzi death, Massachusetts authorities say - Yahoo! Canada News   So not only is allowing children to fire machines guns irresponsible it may also be illegal.	0
Our national parks are safe as is, huh? Regular people have no reason to feel to need to carry concealed weapons for their own protection, huh? How can you be safe when mexican drug cartel members are literally behind the next bush and inclined to kill you for stumbling upon their operation?	0
Go pound sand. You're the people who want the Separation of Church and State, remember? Get your sick, satanic mits off the church.	0
actually they probably drifted much faster than that.....probably upon a pole reversal.	0
Not knowing isn't the same as claiming magic.	0
The main incentive for a male child is that in China you can only have one child without severe penalties and a female child means the family name is lost.	0
But wouldn't it make it more likely that a gun dealer that was involved in gun trafficking would be audited and caught by the ATF? If there are less FFLs then the ATF has more time to monitor and inspect each gun dealer.	0
How is killing a child pro child?	0
Wouldn't it be wonderful if every woman in the world had access to decent prenatal care, if every woman in the world could be guanateed safe childbirth, wouldn't it be wonderful?   The entire series is at:   http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/10/opinion/10gift.html   And, if men had to suffer the torture of being in labor for a week and having their insides torn out, don't you think the male-centered world would truly care more about the welfare of women and children?	0
Really? What evidence is that?	0
Pregnancy is a health issue only for the woman. Your glib remark pretending to sympathy is insulting.	0
I may be a pro-gunner but what doe's that have to do with with gay rights?   Since I'm a pro- gunner I won't force my life style or views on you,if you don't force yours on me.Deal?   After all you seem to be the expert on gay rights.	0
So even though you can legally conceal carry right up to the gate of the national parks, and you can legally hunt within the parks, somehow concealed carry in the parks will become more dangerous?	0
Well, really, they both compensate and reciprocate for one another, you could say.	0
If you think something is correct then you believe this.   That's all believe means.   I believe the above statement is very true.   Except that you wouldn't have to completely change your ideas or beliefs about the universe all the time. But you'd have to modify them.   Anyway, who said beliefs had to be static and fixed?	0
Just a guess on my part. But it's probably one of the only factors that separates our advanced industrialized nation -- as the only one still having the death penalty -- from savage places like Afghanistan, etc.   Having a doctor allows the self-deceptive veneer that a most uncivilized, inhumane act, about to take place, is somehow civilized or humane. And not the bloodthirsty, venomous, purely vengeful thing that it is.   He sounds like a very principled individual to me. With this, yet one more indication that the death penalty system in our country is unsustainable. Not only for moral reasons, but because it is not shown to serve as an effective deterrent, and because the overwhelmed system is not supportable, under our American Constitution, often punishing everyone involved, even the families of victims. (i.e. These cases go on for years and years and years and years. There's no closure for people.)	0
Isn't agreeing with what? The senate hasn't passed any laws that would restrict right to carry anymore than it already is.	0
Well I'm glad its no problem for your son. No child deserves to be harrassed.	0
I disagree for the same reasons I have been giving all along. There may be some legislation that was passed that has kept corporations small (Anti-trust) but did it really benefit the society?	0
Congratulations. You are now part of a minority group. Marriage tends to either work or it doesn't. I know, brilliant observation. What I mean is either the couple is together for decades or spend x amount of years being unhappy until the unhappy is more than the baggage of divorce.	0
Tell this to those infants and adults in the netherlands who are being euthanized against their will. this is a logical conclusion of a quality of life ethic without a sanctity of life basis.	0
Holy grail implies it is like a religion, which it is not. If evidence is found that overturns this theory, it will be discarded in favour of a better one.	0
Actually, for his hypothesis to explain the difference, he would have to say that the DNA changed. Even so, he assumes more.	0
There is just one thing however. The coelacanths found are different from those in the fossil record. Further, ALL evidence pointed to them being extinct, until we found other evidence, and we changed it. And, to top it off, the article says NEARLY extinct, not COMPLETELY. Although, this article was of course written after the coelocanths were re-discovered. Of course, this has absolutely nothing to do with the theory of evolution, which explains the mechanisms responsible for the change of allele frequencies in populations over time.	0
So umm. What's going on? This was posted a week ago plus about 4 hours ago. I frankly don't care if my opponent posts a day late and would hate to win because of time. BUT the first post was even easier, he could have been typing it as we found judges and I think he mentioned he had started already. I PMed him earlier this week reminding him of the limit and have not recieved a response. Of course maybe the fact that he hasn't logged on since 11/14 has something to do with that.	0
So indignities offered our citizens will be tolerated if dispensed in small doses?   Maybe we might educate the pirates what they should "know better" than to try.   My taxes pay to have a Navy presence around the world. Americans are American interests.	0
And what would make them separate species? How about wolves and dogs, separate species? How about Great Danes and Chihuahuas? They cannot interbreed under any circumstances (even artificially - the fetus isn't viable).	0
The other forest does not photosynthesize all year round, the other forest is also in just as much danger as the rainforest. For some reason, radical environmentalists choose to place undue emphasis on the de-forestation of rainforest rather than global forest as a whole.	0
Why didn't they "fire" and "bar" him in the sixties?	0
In other words, you think a Supreme Court decision should only shut down the debate if it's a decision you agree with. Roe v. Wade and Heller do share some striking similarities. For example, Scalia stated in Heller:   "Nothing in our opinion should be taken to cast doubt on long-standing prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill, or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings, or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms."   However, the text of the Constitution has as much to say about such restrictions as it does about abortion. I've heard that Scalia has been criticized for making such a statement because there is no clear historical precedent dating back 200 years of banning felons from owning firearms. So neither the text of the Second Amendment nor tradition justifies such restrictions. It is an example of judicial lawmaking.	0
logic would lead one to believe abortion is wrong...but why be consistent in your thinking.   The point is, logic and rational thinking is not a requirement to make a law. You can ban abortion is you want...the states did it and the constitution allows it, even if 5 legislatures think otherwise.	0
And he accomplished all this human carnage without a gun. This just proves that if it was possible to eliminate all projectile firing weapons from existing on earth, men would find a way to commit atrocities against his own kind just as he did before such weapons existed if murder was in his heart. Guns are not the issue, the corrupted heart/nature of humanity is.	0
Actually just as many atheist help the needy.   Of course a person would need to be open-minded to realize it. Here is one such atheist charity. If you were open-minded about such things then you would have learned that both Bill Gates and Warren Buffett, who have each individually made the two largest charitable donations in American history, are both atheist (Oops, bet that's gotta kill your argument, huh?) and they can rightly claim credit for spurring many other ultra-rich to also be charitable.   Ted Turner, the multi-billionaire, has also donated millions to others, and guess what grizzly6626, he's an atheist too!   George Soros, also a multi-billionaire, financier and philanthropist, has also donated millions and is also an atheist. The list goes on and on. You just don't hear about these people donating because they tend to do these things quietly, and not with a lot of *cough* religious *cough* fanfare.   Didn't mean to wake you up grizzly6626   BTW - many catholic charities are known to turn the needy away. I've heard many accounts about how when some people first got married back in the 1970s, that catholic charities wouldn't help them out because they were not "good, church-going catholics." Basically because they didn't go to church every week (and put in their money filled envelope) the Church didn't consider them worthy of help.   You see, it isn't because religion makes people morally better than atheism. Rather, it would be because churches often organize charitable activities and encourage their members to participate, while atheists, simply have no comparable social structure. It's not that churchgoers have a superior moral sentiment, just that because of their increased social structure they naturally have increased opportunity.   There are countless amounts of people who are atheist that donate from the heart. They do not 'band together' into groups like religions do, and they do not advertise their charitable works like religions do, but they donate from the heart just the same. Here is a partial list of many such individuals who just happen to also be atheist. But it goes MUCH further than that though. There are a few organizations formed by atheists for the sole purpose of donating to those in need. One such organization is called S.H.A.R.E. - Secular Humanist Aid and Relief Effort. Here is a recent story about them helping those in need. So, when someone ignorant and closed-minded like grizzly6626 tries to convince you that 'only religions' donate or help those in need, you will now know that it's simply not true, and that people from all beliefs, even those that don't believe in God, help others in need and donate from their hearts, because they know it's the right thing to do for their fellow man in need	0
How do you know none of the "children" were actually gang members engaged in illegal activity, and that fact was simply excluded because it wasn't considered newsworthy?	0
Actually, evolution occurs on the level of the population: individuals don't change, but populations do. See the examples above.	0
Certainly it does.	0
Well, not completely, but yes, quite the same. However, this is irrelivent- she wasn't a person, because she was in a coma. Does that give me the right to kill her? Of course not!   What about fetuses born in comas? Can we kill them?   What about people in vegetative states? After all, they arn't perfect, so let's kill them!	0
No. We don't agree. For one thing your faith isn't a theory. Creation as described in Genesis is a myth, in fact, two myths. Furthermore, a scientific theory doesn't mean "wild guess with no foundation". That seems to be what you want the word to mean. In science a theory is an explanation for observed facts that has been tested. You see, a theory is predictive. I'll give you some examples of scientific theories. The germ theory of disease, the theory of gravitation, the heliocentric theory, tectonic theory, atomic theory.   Moreover, you are wrong that science cannot observe actual evolution of life. It is done all the time. While it may be debatable that a virus is alive, the recent case of SARS making the jump from civets to humans after a mutation is evolution.	0
Really? The first description is of a Hippo? Here's a picture of a Hippo charlie: http://www.dkimages.com/discover/pre...0/90065521.JPG   Now tell me how this fits the description of the behemoths tail? I quote:   Job 40:15-24 (New International Version)   15 "Look at the behemoth, [a]   which I made along with you   and which feeds on grass like an ox.   16 What strength he has in his loins,   what power in the muscles of his belly!   [b]17 His tail sways like a cedar;   the sinews of his thighs are close-knit.   18 His bones are tubes of bronze,   his limbs like rods of iron.(In Hebrew, this literally reads, “he lets hang his tail like a cedar.”)A Cedar is not a tiny insignificant tree as the hippos tail is when compared to other tails on other animals. You insult the intelligence of the ancients to imply that they couldn't either name or describe a hippo by name which as you yourself admit, was a common animal in that part of the world.   As for Leviathan being a crocodile or an alligator, again, are you telling me that their hides are invulnerable to arrows or spears and cannot be punctured at all? Would those animals stand firm and not flee from men who stood up to them with spears, javelins and arrows? Not on your life.   “Though the sword reaches him, it cannot avail; nor does spear, dart, or javelin. He regards iron as straw, and bronze as rotten wood. The arrow cannot make him flee; slingstones become like stubble to him. Darts are regarded as straw; he laughs at the threat of javelins.”   “On earth there is nothing like him, which is made without fear.”   Leviathan “played” in the “great and wide sea” (a paraphrase of Psalm 104 verses 25 and 26—get the exact sense by reading them yourself).And do you think that the writer who describes this creature is just throwing in the part about smoke, light and fire coming coming forth from its mouth for creative license?   Job 41:18-21   18   By his exhaling a light does shine, and his eyes are like the eyelids of the morning.   19   Out of his mouth go burning lamps, and sparks of fire leap out.   20   Out of his nostrils goes smoke, as out of a seething pot or caldron.   21   His breath kindles coals, and a flame goes out of his mouth.I fully admit that I am incapable of either explaining or proving what this animal was, but I know it isn't any known animal which currently exists. And Isaiah might have given us the answer as to why this animal no longer exists since we know it was invulnerable to human attacks in the ancient world.Isa 27:1 In that day the LORD with his sore and great and strong sword shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that crooked serpent; and he shall slay the dragon that [is] in the sea.	0
No Ted Kennedy is not a fundie but Vitter is. For God sake the pope is a nazi and a fundie.   Marlene Elwell, the nazi *itch, who put the evil mariage amendment on the michigan ballot is a Roman Catholic also. If you are a christian and you believe in the suppression of homosexuality then you are a fundie and a christianist.	0
What does a mutation have to do with a heart transplant? What are you smoking?	0
Actually, selection occurs by differential reproductive rates. What this means is that organisms which reproduce more will have more offspring than the others (obviously). Therefore, traits that help organisms reproduce will become more prevailant.	0
Yet this need for revenge is far removed from the need for justice. My original post addresses this feeling or need for the criminal to die. It has no relevance in the discussion of justice, only revenge.	0
They do not hate the concept, they merely reject it as being useful or necessary to explain the material universe. I mean come on what utility would a physics which incorporated miracles be? Nothing would be predictable and all utility would be lost. If you want all of science to be arbitrary and unreliable then all ya gotta do is inject miracles into the field.   For example what value is f=ma {except when the diety wills otherwise}.   Or e=mc2 (god willing)	0
See Begging the Question	0
Well, the slavery analogy for gay rights is past it's applicability at this point--one was a property issue (also rooted in deep prejudice), the other is a morality issue. Many people oppose gay marriage out of morality and NOT prejudice. The same can't be said for slavery. There are many ways that the analogy doesn't work and that's just one of them. In fact, it could as easily be an analogy to reverse it and say that the ones who did the enslaving were analogous to gay rights lobbyists and the abolitionists were analogous to those who seek to protect marriage. After all, the plantation owners were the ones really fighting for ill-conceived rights--rights that they shouldn't have had.	0
Well let's put it this way. I really like playing baseball. So I put in a law that says everyone has to play baseball unless they're in a position where it will threaten their life. Since it's such a wonderful thing no one should have any problem with a law passed, right?	0
23,000 firearms were handed in when the UK had its gun ban. According to your logic those people that handed in their firearms can still be prosecuted because they took possession of a firearm prior to the ban. I don't think so.	0
A lot of work has been done on that topic. I would recommend reading Debating Design from Darwin to DNA It is a monster of a book, but it is definitely worth the read.	0
They do offer a good insulating blanket which would keep the body of the reptile warm which in turn, would allow the reptile to remain active for a longer period of time. This means more time to hunt and reproduce carrying the mutation onwards.	0
And an even funnier thing is it won't affect his wallet at all.	0
What is astounding about it? If we had been aborted, we wouldn't have known anything about it. Untold billions of conceptions have been spontaneously aborted. Do you shed tears for those, too?	0
So the intent hiding behind abortion laws all along was to keep women in the gutter. There was not any legititamte concern for the unborn fetus. It was all about how they could keep women down. Tell me then, would someone who supports a ban on partial birth abortion do so simply because they want to repress women?	0
You are distorting my view. I certainly do not think that I am "god" or that everyone has to revolve around my standard. However, I do think that morality has to have a rational basis behind it. This is my particular rational basis.   My moral code certainly isn't my own invention but is based on the moral codes which I have often heard expressed by others, as well as the moral code of the German philosopher Kant (often referenced in secular moral discussions). Most people from childhood are taught morals at least partly from the same points of view I use. After all, how often have you heard the phrase "How would YOU like it if that happenned to you?" or something similar. That is essentially the same as my basis of morality. It seems to be very common. Even many religions use a similar basic appoach - "Do unto others...". Of course, we all differ enough in our psychology that we might have some differences in how we would expect to be treated by others. So, this approach that I present would not lead to the same result in all people. Also, this approach depends on the capabilities of the person to see the big picture and to be able to fully see things from the other person's point of view. Since we are imperfect in these skills, it certainly helps to have moral discussions, moral mentors, etc. who can enlighten us in various situations. It is not a perfect method but at least it is not arbitrary since it is based on reason. Note that the famous German philosopher Kant gave a similar secular moral code in his Categorical Imperative: "Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law".   Your view doesn't seem to be based on reason but on a blind trust in a religious authority that tells you that a particular set of rules is right and must not be questioned. For those of us who do not hold the same beliefs as you, those rules often seem quite arbitrary. Sometimes some of the reasons behind those rules are illucidated, often not. Sometimes the rules are the same as those derived by secular reasoning, sometimes not.   Personally, I would prefer an imperfect moral code that at least is based on reason and is refineable to one that is immovable and based on arbitrary standards.   On a last note, there certainly could be moral codes that are based neither on religion nor on some version of the moral code which I have presented. If so, I would be quite interested in hearing them.	0
Can't your religion survive a little mockery?   On the other hand I can understand why your worried your religion being so ridiculous and all.	0
No. You've not understood what I said. I don't know how to make it perfectly clear to you...the reason the skin color vs. homosexuality analogy is not valid is that one is in 100% of the cases studied a result of uncontrollable genetic inheritance and the other is generally not.	0
I wish you could put your hands on that poll as well. Until then I'll remain skeptical. Let's remember that Democrats and liberals hunt. Remove that group and what's left? Something less than 20% of Americans that own only handguns.	0
That isn't my logic. My logic states that banning doctors would cause more deaths and our current system does. You are trying to debate that doctors are threatening withour realizing that they have great rewards as well. My logic is to look for the risk and reward and not just focus on one side of the debate.   Your logic was that since doctors cause deaths then they should be banned if guns are, correct? Then why isn't it also consistant with your logic to believe that we should ban food since food causes deaths?   So lets clairfy here, do you believe that guns have a better risk/reward than doctors? If you HAD to ban one which would it be? I await your sidestep of the question.   lol, now your comparing the Jews to current US gun issues? Why did you choose to do this? The risk-reward for Jews is different than the risk-reward for the US. Jews probably would have faired better if the Germans used Japanise gun control laws.	0
You are correct.	0
Are you sure? What about animals that had a combination of both long and short hair. Such fur would function more efficiently as insulation that either long or short alone.	0
College. They are normally studied for two years between the ages of 16 and 18 before going to uni.	0
You can not create the general from the specific, only the specific from the general	0
There's a distinct difference... so what? No baby at any age can live outside the womb. It still needs care and attention like any other. This difference in age doesn't mean anything.	0
No they don't. We didn't have a tyrannical society back in the 1830s when without a doubt personal autonomy didn't exist for some. The thing is, you don't have absolute personal autonomy now either. And it still doesn't answer my question about where the right came from, you just said there had to be one.	0
I think your idea has merit. However, before I would fully endorse it, I am interested in how you see it being implemented and administered from the standpoint of equal protection under the law.	0
It would be 'an' analogy, but like the language analogy, it has its limitations.   It is interesting to note that creationist computer software developers/programmers cannot seem to agree on the implications of 'mutations' when using such analogies - one such person, C.K. Lester, declared that computer programs can accumulate up to 30% 'random change', just like DNA (hypothetically) can, therefore, the computer analogy is a good one. But programmer R. David Pogge declares that even a single altered bit in a line of computer code a million bits in length would destroy it.	0
Mother's choice at all times.	0
Because violent crime and violent criminals is something that I can't control. Heart disease, that can be worked on with good diet, exercise and medicine if necessary. It's manageable, controllable and can be avoided. You can't do that with a violent criminal.	0
believing that god doesnt exist or acknowledging the fact that evidence to support the existence of god has never been found does not equate to science being anti-religious or that science hates religion. in fact, the one thing that both science and religion have in common is acknowledging that belief in god is not based on observable evidence, but rather an individual choice to apply faith in something which cannot be seen or proven. on the one hand, religion continually reaches that in order to believe in god, you must have faith that god is real despite a marked lack of evidence for god's existence. science concludes the same thing: that people who believe in the existence of god do so solely by faith, despite the lack of observable evidence to back this belief   the bottom line is that science does not make religion obsolete by reiterating the fact that there is no evidence for god. religious people also already knows this, and believe in god regardless	0
Oh sinj.don't let it get you down,it don't mean nothing   (sorry couldn't help it)	0
Yes. Oddly, the picture makes as much sense as most creationists.	0
Oh really ? Parts of New Orleans were under water for more than 40 days before all the water receeded. Hasn't the plant life there replenished naturally in the wild ? Of course it has. The Earth is very able to repair itself in spite of modern mans sense of self importance. Here's some interesting photographic evidence of it. www.pbase.com/andrys/noah	0
Yes the facts speak for themselves, they just don't sing the song you think they do. No biologist will find any need at all to wave any hands in this instance, for as you say the facts DO speak for themselves.	0
Archie, instead of deciding before hand that I'm wrong, read what I'm saying. What trees were growing during this flood? I'm guessing there were no acorns sprouting into oaks during the flood. Therefore, in this flood sediment, we would find no rooted trees. We would find no burrows, and we would find no tracks.   Now we've seen you can't answer my question. Whether this is because you didn't understand it, or didn't want to consider it, I don't know. But there is no global flood sediment which meets the criteria neccessary to demonstrate a global flood.	0
Uh...yeah? Is there some other way than evolution this can happen? Evolution encompasses speciation which results from evolution taking different paths when populations are separated by some factor in their environment or geographically.   Are you saying you believe that the species have all somehow resulted from a common genome yet at the same time rejecting evolution as an explanation?	0
What basis do fundamental rights derive from? In other words, how can we tell whether something is a fundamental human right?	0
The question is illogical. By declaring the existence of an all powerful God then saying God cannot do something is not a comment on his powerfulness but rather the direct representation of his nature. Your question by its very statement does not test wether or not God is all powerful but wether or not God is comprehensible. See another thread for that topic.   The statement that God is all powerful defines his nature. To state then that he cannot do something outside of his nature as proof of the non existence of his nature is circular in logic.	0
So a free society is one where the goverment does not have tabs on their citizens? How could then the goverment work when it does not know who they actually govern? The foundation of economics is that you have correct data, else it´s the beginning of corruption not freedom.   And since when was there a dichotomy between freedom and socialism?   Further how does the usage of identification ease the rounding up of suspects? Wouldn´t it be rather MORE risk to be rounded up if you couldn´t identify yourself and thus automatically become suspect than be able to and take yourself out of the calculation?	0
Heart bypass, prostate cancer.......I have a couple of Canadian friends who needed those surgeries and one was told he had a 4 month wait and the other a 6 month wait so they both came down to Bellingham Wash and had the Surgery within 2 weeks............	0
Why are you dishonest enough to claim that you aren't trying to get YEC into the schools.	0
No. you're not making any sense. Where is symbiote? I got a horrible argument for him to dispell.	0
But then it also doesn't answer the question "does anything exist", nor does it answer an infinite number of "existence" questions. Do "trolls" exist, follows the same reasoning. If you find one, they are no longer a fairy tale/imaginary creature, they are some organic life form that can be measured, tested, and quantified..i.e. no longer an imaginary creature. So they can no more be found than god.   So replace god/troll with an infinite number of other imaginary things and you'll see why the question "Does god exist?", has no real importance in the physical universe.   (does the tooth fairy exist, does a unicorn exist, do flying pigs exist, etc.)   In fact, I like that statement. The existence of god is not imporant...   Rather - the FAITH in god(s, etc.) is what is "important", and the thoughts most certainly exist in the physical world and have a measureable impact.   I think that's why I don't mind so much "religion" per se, it's the human condition that brings suffering, and uncertainty, into our lives and for some people, the feelings brought about by their faith seems to treat the condition. (the human condition also brings joy, love, etc., but I'd like that without the pain personally)   I only mind it when things in the physical universe are "attacked" with the premise of belief in god(s), which is a waste of human energy...we have a limited time, don't spend it using fallacy to undermine those who are actually trying to build on the foundation of human knowledge. And any belief in something without evidence scares me if it becomes a driving force behind decisions.   ...she's a witch because she MADE the crops die...she must be burned.   ...he broke "god's" law and therefore must be guilty..   ...this is "god's" war..   Yeah, that still scares me. That's why I think, at least in the US, the seperation of church and state is so ridiculously important, and accepted. While there are fundamentalists that rail against it...it's hopefully obvious that with ~80% of the US believing in an imaginary "god", but also having a separation of church and state and the most generally advanced scienctific community in the world, then the two can obviously co-exist, and I'd go so far as to say thrive as long as the line is drawn and not crossed.   I learned something in responding, thanks for the spark.   -Mach	0
Oh, I LOVE semantics games	0
Man, these guys can't even get into the science before they're outright lying...	0
Not if they give him the death penalty, then it's apeals till your ears bleed.	0
You know, that sounds exactly what you are doing. I guess you are as foolish as they are.	0
You should have said that. I might have agreed with you.	0
And yet quantum physics tends to be very contradictory, at least to our perceptions. Acausal events happen. A particle can be in two places at the same time. A particle can disappear and reappear in a different location without traversing that distance. And et cetera.   Since the beginning of our local universe occurred at quantum levels, I would be cautious about drawing philosophical conclusions based on our macro-world experiences.	0
We already accept that it is. You don't have to convince us.   However, consider what this does to your argument that natural selection is random.	0
Certainly science has provided part of the answer with their finding of the Mitachondrial "Eve", suggesting that one person can have all the DNA necessary for all the variation in human populations.   One of the standard rebuttals you hear is "How did the Kangaroos get to Australia"? I don't know if that's covered in the Bible... if God transported them or not.	0
This was a comment on the physics book that has biographies of great physicists that were Bible believing christians. Right. Many believed in alchemy (they were wrong), harmful effects of night air (they were wrong), spontaneous growth of maggots from rotting meat (they were wrong), rats arising from grain (they were wrong), and the Bible (they were wrong). If it is important that Newton believed in the Bible, why isn't it as important that he believed in alchemy and did not believe in the divinity of Christ.   There isn't any such thing as science from a Christian perspective. Either it is science, or it isn't.   You claimed to have studied evolution. You didn't. Why would you tell us that you did?	0
You know what they call people like you?   Victims.	0
But you think SETI is worthwhile!	0
yeah, this is clearly the best thread on these forums in probably the past year....give us some more pics	0
as far as all observable evidence dictates, the laws of nature are what sustains the universe. there is not one single function of nature that isnt on "autopilot" as it were. that is, no function needed to sustain the universe occurs outside of natural law. what's more, nothing that defies natural law (whether universe-sustaining or not) ever occurs in observable reality   I'm glad you responded Nu Leader. this is this issue that really hits the religion/science divide. as it is, God has been gradually and subliminally coralled in the spiritual realm. there is absolutely nothing in the physical and observable world that is a function of God, or a manifestation of supernatural power. in other words, in the realm of the physical, God has no turf. even if God does exist, he does not (and by biblical definition, cannot) physically manifest his being nor the effect of his power   this leaves us with the spiritual realm. this realm, whether it exists or not, does affect people. yet this realm is as elusive and intangible as God himself. the same realm that God is believed to abive and reign in, is said to be the same realm that humans enter only when they die. i have many thoughts about the effects of this spiritual realm on reality, but for now i think its sufficient to say that God is limited to the spiritual realm only	0
So every woman who has an abortion lives an irresponsible life. Care to give any examples, or are you just spouting rubbish with no experience or knowledge whatsoever?	0
Here's an interesting one:   Lipoprotein Lipase S447X: A Naturally Occurring Gain-of-Function Mutation.   Brief Reviews   Arteriosclerosis, Thrombosis &amp; Vascular Biology. 26(6):1236-1245, June 2006.   Rip, Jaap; Nierman, Melchior C.; Ross, Colin J.; Jukema, Jan Wouter; Hayden, Michael R.; Kastelein, John J.P.; Stroes, Erik S.G.; Kuivenhoven, Jan Albert   Abstract:   mdash;: Lipoprotein lipase (LPL) hydrolyzes triglycerides in the circulation and promotes the hepatic uptake of remnant lipoproteins. Since the gene was cloned in 1989, more than 100 LPL gene mutations have been identified, the majority of which cause loss of enzymatic function. In contrast to this, the naturally occurring LPLS447X variant is associated with increased lipolytic function and an anti-atherogenic lipid profile and can therefore be regarded as a gain-of-function mutation. This notion combined with the facts that 20% of the general population carries this prematurely truncated LPL and that it may protect against cardiovascular disease has led to extensive clinical and basic research into this frequent LPL mutant. It is only until recently that we begin to understand the molecular mechanisms that underlie the beneficial effects associated with LPLS447X. This review summarizes the current literature on this interesting LPL variant.   This one provides rather good protection from hardening of the arteries.   Or this one:   APPLIED AND ENVIRONMENTAL MICROBIOLOGY, May 1995, p. 2020&#8211;2022 Vol. 61, No. 5   0099-2240/95/$04.0010   Copyright q 1995, American Society for Microbiology   Emergence of Nylon Oligomer Degradation Enzymes in   Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO through Experimental Evolution   IRFAN D. PRIJAMBADA, SEIJI NEGORO,* TETSUYA YOMO, AND ITARU URABE   Department of Biotechnology, Faculty of Engineering, Osaka University, 2-1 Yamada-oka, Suita, Osaka 565, Japan   Through selective cultivation with 6-aminohexanoate linear dimer, a by-product of nylon-6 manufacture, as the sole source of carbon and nitrogen, Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO, which initially has no enzyme activity to degrade this xenobiotic compound, was successfully expanded in its metabolic ability. Two new enzyme activities, 6-aminohexanoate cyclic dimer hydrolase and 6-aminohexanoate dimer hydrolase, were detected in   the adapted strains.   http://aem.asm.org/cgi/reprint/61/5/2020.pdf   We thought it would take roughly a million years for bacteria to evolve enzymes capable of digesting nylon (because the compound is so different than any they were able to digest) but it took less than a century.   Barbarian observes:   It's all real DNA. Some of it just doesn't code for anything. But some parts of non-coding DNA (which you call "junk") has other functions besides coding for proteins. .	0
Or helpful.	0
No, I think that he's right on target. The drug dealers that are caught here in Michigan usually get caught with weed AND more hardcore drugs. Theyy're "full service" dealers. Weed is a gateway drug, you know.	0
And certain versions of Mark:   15He said to them, “Go into all the world and preach the good news to all creation. 16Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned. 17And these signs will accompany those who believe: In my name they will drive out demons; they will speak in new tongues; 18they will pick up snakes with their hands; and when they drink deadly poison, it will not hurt them at all; they will place their hands on sick people, and they will get well.”   Are they mistakenly reading this?	0
Actually, not at all true. The organisms of the Cambrian look little like modern animals. It is only the major phyla that are recognized by the derived characteristics. For example, the cordates first arise in the early Cambrian, along with primitive inverebrates. You can safely say that no animal living today looks much like any living then. For example, there were no amphibians, no reptiles, no insects, no birds, and of course, no mammals.   Your shotgun approach isn't actually worth answering in any detail. It isn't even your work.	0
And those pillars will be replaced by something stronger like equality and Justice.	0
And you think this a good thing? It just shows the weak cowardly position of the creationist.	0
We Americans do not care the government of the UK now under the control of sharia law hates freedom.   America is a Constitutional Republic where the Bill of rights secure our freedom.   I seem to recall you brits coming over here and demanding we lay down our guns and it did not go so well. And neither will it go well for any us politician's that try it as well. America has no reason to listen to people in the uk about gun control and now Knife control when its shockingly clear that criminals can still get any gun they want. Not to mention the fact that history has shown that time and time again what happens when the government wants its citizens to turn in the tools of freedom what happens.   "God grants liberty only to those who love it, and are always ready to guard and defend it." - Daniel Webster   "Government is not reason. It is not eloquence. It is a force, like fire: a dangerous servant and a terrible master." - George Washington   "With reasonable men I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but with tyrants, I will give no quarter, nor waste arguments where they will certainly be lost." - William Lloyd Garrison   # "If gun laws in fact worked, the sponsors of this type of legislation should have no difficulty drawing upon long lists of examples of crime rates reduced by such legislation. That they cannot do so after a century and a half of trying that they must sweep under the rug the southern attempts at gun control in the 1870-1910 period, the northeastern attempts in the 1920-1939 period, and the attempts at both Federal and State levels in 1965-1976 - establishes the repeated, complete, and inevitable failure of gun laws to control crime." -- Senator Orrin G. Hatch (R-Utah) quoted from "The Right to Keep and Bear Arms, Report of the Senate Subcommittee on the Constitution, Washington: U.S. Government Printing Office, February 1982, p. vii."   # "Congress has no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, and every other terrible implement of the soldier, are the birth-right of an American ...the unlimited power of the sword is not in the hands of either the federal or state governments, but, where I trust in God it will ever remain, in the hands of the people." - Tench Coxe, 20 Feb 1788;	0
But you can't. You may imagine it but you can't present evidence that supports your position. You can only argue against what you don't understand in the first place. I generally make it a rule to keep my mouth shut unless I have actually had the integrity to educate myself about the basics of a topic. You don't seem to do the same.	0
It is rather disrespectful but don't think it is limited to one side. Most protestors on both sides aren't great.   one thing did spark my interest, and it is said often, why is it a "hard decision" if you are pro-choice? Is it hard because you don't know if you want a baby around or not? Couldn't this decision be just as hard before being pregnant? Even so, why link it to going to an abortion clinic? You hear "It was hard enough to come to this decision in the first place" but how is going through some protestors making this decision harder?   No one would admit to this but it is statements like "It was hard enough to come to this decision in the first place" that make me believe that someone realizes it is wrong and the struggle that makes it hard is whether or not to do the right thing or do they thing that would benefit you the most. And in that case, I agree...that can be a tough decision.	0
Who swings from Christmas cake to chrismas cake?   Tarzipan!	0
Well, to say it has no mental existence doesn't really tell the whole story. The fetus WILL have (more than likely) full mental existence in a very short time. It seems to me that if you "view humanity with mental existance as important" you'd also view as important that the unborn baby WILL indeed reach that point, in all likelihood.	0
I believe abortion is murder and should be illegal. The only possible circumstance when an abortion should be an option is when the “LIFE” of both the mother and her unborn child is at risk. When both lives are going to be lost, it is better to save one as opposed to losing two. The holocaust on the unborn children of this country is something that we should be ashamed of as a country.	0
And you've been failing miserably, partly because your definition of "atheism" is asinine. Even most Christians would disagree with you.	0
Not this time. That was the previous attempt by the good people of Kansas.	0
And compare that to an equivalent sized human - if you compared the skill to a 10-13 year old boy, the erectus skeleton's cranial capacity would be significantly smaller. Doesn't contradict in the slightest other than the bizarre positions you decide other people should hold.	0
First of all not all Astronomers believe that.   All though it is a very long way to the closest star we really don't know how far stars are away from us it is not possible to know. It is an educated guess at best.   If you base your beliefs on science you will almost always have to change them so are they really beliefs?   Time and distance are 2 different entities. On the other side of the world it is a diffferent day.   A light year is the distance light would travel in a year if at the speed we have computed it to be on earth. How gravity affects light in space in pure specualtion as almost all of the cosmological theories are. Black holes were created to explain the big bang. There are lots of astonomers that are convinced the big bang is a myth.   If the stars were created near the earth and then streched out as the Bible says they were the relationship of time and distance would be quite different and would explain how light from a distant star could be seen.   No one really knows the answer so it is a matter of faith what you decide is true.   Both are possible according to science. The powers that be in science are atheist and get the most press. This does not make them right by default.   There is a very good book on this subject Starlight and Time if you are interested in what a brilliant scientist who believes in Creation has to say.   I will be suprised if you are.   I have read Hawkings and have him on audio and video.   To be fair you should take some time and study the opposing view IMO.	0
maybe, but see, that does not match the materialist universe?	0
Apologies, that wasn't my intention. My meaning was this; while it was your conclusion, your use of it as an unsupported 'fact' forced us to treat it as an assumption. We had no way by which we could make it a conclusion - that's the purpose of this thread!	0
What about the pain and death inflicted upon the innocent women and girls forced to give birth? Have you no regard for them?	0
It is worse then that they just don't get it. Once you put some civil rights on the ballot nothing is off limits. Freedom of speech, religion, assembly ect.. they are all up to be voted out of existence for an unpopular minority by the majority. They just don't get it.	0
I think if Islamic fundamentalism shows us nothing else it's that...	0
But...but...   I just swallowed 56 zygotes so that they could vote by proxy through me for the Ripofflican(tm) party this upcoming election so they can win. Now I'm going to have all that indigestion for nothin'.   As to driving...don't care.   What I'll miss most is all of those credit card offers that come in their names. There's just so much that they, living though me want to 'buy now and pay later' on. You saying they can't do that?	0
Again with the common sense, but that is another issue alltogether. You're arguement that the brain is a fundamental unit of life is just plain wrong, considering the majority of all organisms don't have one. Bacteria, Protists, Plants, Fungi, and some animals are all without brains. Brains are required for motion and fast response to immediate changes in environment, for example a falling rock. Brains cluster nerves so that appropriate action can be taken. Some brains are amazingly simple while others like our own are immensly complex.   Your arguements all show a general lack of study in biology and my common sense is appalled by yours. I am reminded of Bill Maher who once said about the intelligent design debate: "Because you don't have to teach both sides of an arguement when one side is retarded."	0
Upon reviewing the golden rule "do unto others as you would have them do unto you" I see nothing of any other 'side.' It's very clear--treat others the way you'd want to be treated. No one wants to be treated badly, so if you follow the golden rule, you'll be benevolent.	0
But nonetheless fascinating!	0
Don't expect your misrepresentations of the findings of those studies to sink in. I'm not that easily fooled.	0
You did when you talked about someone loving objects, or a mokey, etc.	0
Then a man who needs an artificial heart to survive is a new species of man. That is the analogy I gave, and you ignored.   In both cases; human and bacteria, before the advent of a human product, a particular group of individuals from each larger group would die off.   BUT along come a man-made invention that allows those certain portions to live on which otherwise would have died. In once case - nylon, the other, the artificial heart. You call this evolution.   Nor is it 'natural selection' at work either, as in both cases the thing that enabled them to survive was not natural. What you have advanced as a proof of evolution actually proves what? Natural what? I suppose people with cochlear implants are new species too because they've learnt to hear.   Another view of this nylon-eating-bug is given...   "Finally, Mr Cerutti is out of date about this new nylon digesting ability allegedly from a frame shift. New evidence shows that the ability was due to plasmids [e.g. K. Kato, et al., ?A plasmid encoding enzymes for nylon oligomer degradation: Nucleotide sequence analysis of pOAD2?, Microbiology (Reading) 141(10):2585?2590, 1995.] In fact, more than one species of bacteria have the ability, residing on plasmids. This suggests that the information probably already existed, and was just passed between different types of bacteria."   "All that would be needed to enable an enzyme to digest nylon is a mutation causing loss of specificity in a proteolytic (protein-degrading) enzyme. This may seem surprising? How would a loss of information create a new ability? Answer: enzymes are usually tuned very precisely to only one type of molecule (the substrate). Loss of information would reduce the effectiveness of its primary function, but would enable it to degrade other substrates, too. Since both nylon and proteins are broken down by breaking amide linkages, a change in a proteolytic enzyme could also allow it to work on nylon. If this process were continued, the result would be a general enzyme with a weakly catalytic effect on the hydrolysis of too many chemicals to be useful where much selectivity is required. To put it into perspective, acids and alkalis also catalyze many hydrolysis reactions, but they also lack specificity. Indeed, an inhibitor of a protein degrading enzyme also inhibits the action of the nylon degrading enzyme"   http://www.answersingenesis.org/home...e7-24-2000.asp   Talkorigins gave their usual doubletalk   "Whilst this particular case does not "prove" evolution, it is consistent with, and supportive of, the theory of biological evolution."   Why do they say this? Because it's still a bacteria. It's not like it suddenly became a large multi-cellular organism. But it might just prove that this bug was so well designed that it can cope with newer situations. One site does say that it, the bacteria, had the capability already within it of change ? not resultant in ?mutations?, but more like switching on previously dormant apparatus. http://members.tripod.com/aslodge/id89.htm   One poster on another forum summed the problem up like this...   " In order for species to advance there would have to be a net information gain, which isn't the case with nylon eating bacteria.   The bacteria gained the ability to digest nylon, therefore was able to survive in a new environment. Two distinct advantages   But, the bacteria lost its ability to survive in its old environment, eat its former diet and suffered a 98% loss in efficiency. Three disadvantages.   So by taking two steps forward and three steps backward, where is the net gain?   If nylon eating bacteria was "proof" of evolution, we would still be pond scum, but with the ability to digest whatever happened to become the primary food source."   http://www.christianforums.com/t52336	0
Old news. There have been accusations of similar stories for years.	0
So, you would vote to legislate against it? Ok, now that thats cleared up, why do you consider sex to be so bad? Sex is a healthy part of a relationship or marrige, and i would not go to these lengths to minimize it. Sex has a small risk of ending in pregnancy, and an even smaller risk if using a condom, and even smaller than that if the woman uses a contraceptive. Then, if EVERYTHING fails, there would be abortion in the extreme circumstances that it does result in a pregnancy. I doubt that criminalized abortion will reduce sex. It will only cause suffering and fear for women.   I thought we were out of the dark ages already.	0
Mormons believe that Satan is the brother of Jesus.	0
	0
That is the kind, not degree. Chimps are not a higher animal. They are different.   interesting	0
What other theories? Why mention them if you aren't going to explain them? You are actually on a board of education? I notice there was no mention of telling kids that there are other theories of gravity and that all of them have holes. Evolution is a more secure theory than gravity.	0
Really, then show me how I'm wrong - without dogmatic statements. I would suggest, given the fact that you feel the need to ignore science, deny obvious facts of reason, and cling to evolutionary theory, that it is you that has the problem with religion - your naturalistic religion. I would further suggest that you stop attibuting your personal opinions to science, and start calling your comments what they really are, personal opinion.   -By the way, is everyone who disagrees with you promoting a "religious agenda?" Where have I leaned on religion to make my point? And what makes you think that I need religion to defeat your postion as I have here? I've used science, scientific journals, and good sound reasoning to defeat your comments. I suggest you rethink what you're saying. It sure sounds like you're the one with the "religious agenda."	0
So, because they don't interpret the bible as you do, they believe that there are no deities? That is what you said...	0
Well, those who keep using that story can't see the real sins of those cities. They are so sure that it was rampent homosexuality which lead to their destruction. Even though we know that before the Angels were ever sent God had spelled out why he was going to destroy them. He sent the angels because they promiced to find even one righteous man. They failed in that because the angels were attacked for being foreigners. Noone who abuses this story is ever going to admit this fact. They can't see past the supposed homosexual issue.	0
But they are implemented completely differently.	0
No I don't . I want children (at least my children and family) to be placed in a school where they do not have to worry about one of their classmates pulling out a tech 9 and going on a rampage in the library. I don't think that is too much to ask. I think eliminating the risk of this makes a school a much more effective place to learn. How many people do you think actually learned anything at Columbine the day they came back to school, or perhaps were they a little distracted. I'm all for the government giving you and like-minded extremists your own school (hell, even your own state...why not) and letting you all carry guns into schools and every other place you want to. As long as when a gunfight breaks out at your school in Rottencrotch Nebraska, I don't have to see all the parents on TV crying and bawling about how could this tragedy happen here, and saying that something should have been done, this never should have happened. I think there is a time and place for guns, but I don't think that guns belong in schools.	0
You really have flipped over the edge into the desparate area of insanity.   Please Penfold present some STATISTICS to back up your wild accusations. IF you cannot present anything other than the disgraceful 43..... Then shut up   Guns in the hands of law abiding citizens save lives, the statistics back this up from EVERY country EVER to introduce gun control.	0
Problem is, you think requiring a woman not to kill someone is "treating them as breeding animals". Kind of an odd thought.	0
That clearly went whooshing over your head.   It was intended to mock the OP. (Interesting "new" bibilical revelation, indeed.)   I don't put any credence in silly comparisons like the trite Kennedy/Lincoln litany that arose in the 60's or the similarly absurd list that INRI posted. They both demonstrate how one can concoct meaningless comparisons in an attempt to invent a non-existent connection between two unrelated events.   It is the same for all "prophesies".	0
Among the icons (idols) of modern mysticism there is one that reigns supreme. It is the myth of evolution. We scoff at the gods of the anchient pagans as if we were untouched by their superstition and yet we mystify our science with the likes of Darwin, the high priest of natural selection. Darwin taught a fable that started in a warm little pond and through a process that has became known as gradualism (minute changes over eons) all life arose out of a primordial soup.   Life is not chaotic it is orderly and requires replication. Without this you just have a lot of chemicals mixing in an infinite variety. The reason that life must be derived from life (biogenesis) in the minds of most is that this is the only way we have ever seen it happen. "You can imagine anything you like but you can only understand the truth" as Newton said. Now if amino acids are the mirror image of nucleic acid sugars and this in true of all living things then we are limited to this as fundamental to life. This in my opinion is the fundamental first step and it cannot happen peicemeal, it all has to happen all at once.   One more thing, evolution is a biogenesis theory and actual evidence for abiogenesis is rare and fragmentary just as it is for every other aspect of the single common ancestor model.	0
This remains unspecified. (I explained this in the last paragraph)	0
Actually it couldn't be any worse then it is right now. More people historically have died at the hands of religious wars then non-religion. Religion has been used to push extreme political viewpoints, selfishness, racism, destruction of whole cultures, hatred, and ignorance. Wow that's something for you to be proud of eh grizzly6626? Through religion, televangelists have become pimps where cash is more important than integrity. While I haven't seen any atheists with bombs strapped to themselves, we've all see plenty of religious fools blowing themselves up each and every day. And of course we all know how peaceful and charitable The Spanish Inquisition was. I guess it's true, when it comes to religion IGNORANCE is bliss...   BTW - you forgot to mention that hitler was a devout catholic.   Yeah, like I said before, it couldn't be any worse then it is right now	0
And these are psalms, which are just popular prayers rather than the word of God arn't they?   Rather than go with the slightly bizarre 'well you're not King David are you...' type response, I could see it being fairly reasonable that God 'knows' people who are born. He might 'know of' the various individuals who are misscarried, die at birth or are aborted but what exactly does he know in relation to them?   Do our souls have their own personalities completely seperate from our mortal ones that are shaped as much by our souls as genes and experience - or does God 'know' them through the billions of other possible universes, i.e he knows them from somewhere/when they didn't die. But if that counts then that means our souls are spread out over an infinite number of copies of us. If so then surely the threat of Hell is irrelevant, either we are doomed because clearly some version of reality has us being evil (I've seen enough TV shows to know that this is pratically 100% certain.) or the soul is something seperate from us and our actions?	0
I know ... I know. I agree with you that it's sad more of those people couldn't or didn't take advantage of concealed carry to help prevent so many deaths. That needs to change along with education so more people can defend themselves.	0
So would you care if abortion were outlawed. If so, what would be bad about allowing a view that places objective value in human life to be the basis for making law?	0
Why don't you just sum it up with "If you're not a fundamentalist Christian"?   You also fail to consider Christian agnostics.	0
I'm not saying we got it all right	0
What?	0
putting words in my mouth again? i did not say christian, i said "God". Christian, Jewish, and Muslim all believe in the same "God".   - XXXXX.   i'll let Crim and Lurch respond to the others; lets not let me have all the fun.	0
If logic was invented by man that would mean that when people did not exist neither did logic. That does not sound logical to me. Most people believe there is life eleswhere in the universe (I'm not saying I do but I just want to illustrate a point). If logic was invented by man does that mean aliens elsewhere in the universe do not have logic to guide them?   Just a question.   "In Christ are hidden all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." (Colossians 2:3)	0
In point of fact, the low birth rate in most of Europe is not due to the availablity of abortion, but to good sex education and the ready availablity of effective contraception to everyone who needs it. See this study, for instance:   http://www.advocatesforyouth.org/PUB...heet/fsest.htm   People have small families because they want small families. In point of fact, the abortion rate in Europe is generally much lower than the rate in the US, due, again, to education and contraception.   Would you force folks to have children they don't want?	0
And the mall plainly had "no guns allowed" signs displayed at all the entrances, meaning the shooter broke the law when he brought his gun in and started shooting.   Now, find me a school massacre that took place where concealed carry is actually legal on campus.	0
So, we are debating creation, yet you don't consider quoting the bible, the single most important original proponent of the creation account and to you, it doesn't qualify as a source for what is being discussed here? You say this and expect to be taken seriously?	0
Exactly.   It seems that anyone can dream up hypotheses in evolutionary psychology.   Here's what Coyne said:	0
Maybe you need to take a hard look at where your rights start infringing on the rights of others. A pretty good case? Dream on. Sure, you have the rigth to take the morning after pill. you do not have the right to force another individual to sell you that pill, any mroe than you have the right to walk into your local ford dealer and demand that they provide your with a chevy. Its just not the way the world works. People can go to another pharmacy or, not. It really does ntoy matter. Retail establichments are able to decide fro themselves what they carry, the governemtn has no place in such decisions. If they decide not to carry the pill, or the pharmacist simply decides they are not going to dispense it, that is their right. It is entirely an issue between employers and their employees and witht he The American Pharmacists Associations policy that allows pharmacists to refuse to fill presciptions on moral grounds, it is hardly an issue there, either.	0
Yes, but we had no way to tell until we found them again, now had we?	0
In this case, I will present the Theory of Evolution by Natural Selection as evidence that life is evolving. As the evidence has been shown to support it, you are the person who should be presenting evidence. Currently, your assertion that organisms are "devolving" because of mutations has been shown to be faulty.	0
Cornell's writings consistently place him within the collective right camp. Even the arguments that are attributed to him which start this thread show his collective right desire.   His claim to neutrality in the individual/collective right debate is as disingenuous as his interpretations of the SCOTUS opinions in both Miller and Cruikshank:   Greatest Threat to Second Amendment?   Greatest Threat to Second Amendment?   Whether ?neutral? or not, Cornell has proven himself capable of distorting SCOTUS opinions when he does not find that they suit his collective right tastes.	0
********. Utter fraking ****. Scientists have already accumulated mounds of evidence which suggest the common ancestor. You choose to ignore it as do most scientifically ignorant christians.	0
You are free to disagree with the article, Chemist99a, but it was written by a scientist. You are quite free to believe biological complexity is the result of "natural selection" somehow organizing a bunch of genetic accidents into complex biological systems. I suspect you will become increasingly unable to impose that view upon everyone else.   Questions about Materialismwith some pretty funny stuff about Freud.	0
I know it's almost as silly as thinking gay marriage will undermine heterosexual marriage.	0
The simple fact is that people don't want the immense responsibility that logically pertains to their voluntary actions actions, so they fabricate denials of reality as a convenient escape, out of pure selfishness-- like every other atrocity in history.   The study of law includes an analysis of how people excuse their wrongdoings, fabricating pausible rationalizations for their acting to benefit at another's expense; denial is typically the first of these, claiming that the act "does not hurt anyone," however obvious the contrary. Other rationales follow, such as self-preservation, natural right to act, and eventually growing defensive by blaming the victim.   While the fabricator typically believes his story original, it is anything but-- it's simply the inevitable course of selfishness.	0
Sure. The outcome of Heller vs DC and Florida Shall - Issue laws support that statement. According to Brady logic, the more helpless you are, the safer you are from criminals.	0
This is retarded. A species would be defined by the genome, not which organs work the way they are supposed to or not.	0
I'm not arguing that gun control will change the nature of men- though guns may make them more willing and confident to engage in crime. With guns criminals can do even more damage. Adding guns to crime is like adding gasoline to a fire- it makes an already existing problem worse. If you think that just as many people die from stabbing and beatings in other developed nations as people die from guns in the US then you need to do more research.	0
I know that. I asked those questions to show how dumb and ridiculous unkerpaulies question was - took it to other examples where such a question is obviously ridiculous to illustrate the ridiculousness of his question.	0
You either did not read my post thoroughly, or are intentional misrepresenting me. Post 250 (which I had actually read before starting this thread) is nothing but DamEtel rambling about homologies between vertebrae embryos. That has absolutely nothing to do with the unexplained homologies that the Denton talks about. Evolution simply cannot, reasonably speaking, account for the homology between your arm and leg, among other examples.	0
It's a flawed step in the right direction.   I support it compared to nothing. I did not support it when they were considering CUs vs. full marriage. They took the politically expedient way out.   Lest you leap to any unwarranted conclusions, my main objection is the blatent inequality inhererent in CUs.	0
Oh, we don't have to - sorry, I wasn't clear enough there. What I'm trying to do is correct your misapprehensions concerning common descent. You said this:	0
Notice that even in this version there are elipses just before the quote in question. My bet is if we were to actually refer to this 44 years old book, Simpson would not be saying what Toxey wants him to say.	0
But I don't hear you saying things like "baseball is always harmful to the player" or "baseball is something no one should have to go through."   You see, if pro-choicers only used the 'pregnancy-is-bad-if-forced argument, they might have a point, but they often don't add the last part.   Besides, no one ever forces a woman to get pregnant in the first place.	0
Actually you're wrong. Actually you're very, very wrong. The 5th Amendment, and all the other amendments in the Bill of Rights, only provide protections against government interference, not interference from your neighbors and people who don't have governmental jobs.   But just for the sake of argument, if you want to argue how the man's rights were violated, how about we discuss the rights of the woman? Doesn't she have a right to not be raped? Doesn't she have a right to be secure in her own home against forced invasion?	0
Actually it wasn't sitting somewhere since there was no "where" to "sit" and "always" and "eternity" have no meaning outside of time and no "time" existed prior to the "Big Bang", maybe.	0
Thanks, my friend, as you can see, Jito completely ignored the substance of my argument as it applies to the current american culture, as she responded to how it would apply to her personal life's credo. A more dishonest way of avoiding the meat of my argument couldn't be formed except by a manipulative, insincere and philosophical coward of jitobear's caliber. That's why there's nothing she wrote that's worth responding to. As usual she hasn't actually responded to anything I said. Why must these leftists twist what we say as they ignore the actual substance of it?	0
Since you bring it up, I do think that you are a nut. But your site is even nuttier. Not one shred of evidence that I found - just assertion. Moreover, the author doesn't seem to know the difference between an hypothesis and a theory.	0
Well, here's another quote from Allan Feduucia:   "Feathers are unique to birds, and no known structure intermediate between scales and feathers has been identified." (J. Alan Feduccia, The Age of Birds, Harvard University Press, 1980, pg. 52)   Sounds contradictory to me!	0
So what we have here is a lie, based on a distortion, which is itself a fallback position from a fallback position from a fallback position from an evidence-free made-up graph about the magnetic age of the earth. And creationists say the truth is constant...	0
Two things, Symbiote   1) what is the objective basis of rights that makes it different from other value judgements of the majority?   2) when two rights come into conflict, is the result always simple inaction?   3) is the importance of rights greater than democracy? Or is democracy a right? If the latter, how does this work with (2)?   4) how do you react to the fact that in the sorts of cases I mention the results of a rights system is clearly bad for individual people?	0
Ditto squared. If they support killing a perfectly healthy unborn child, they will argue that the reason stated in the Op is the main reason Abortion is needed and justified. And I must say that if 98% of all abortions were performed for that reason, the public stance against them might not be so strong.	0
In a way, taking rights away is an American value since we have prescribed methods for doing it. For instance, we have legislatures which posess authority to remove a large number of what you likely consider to be rights. Here are just a small number that come to mind:   1) Right to murder   2) Right to own slaves   3) Right to rape   4) Right to abusing children   5) Right to vote   6) Right to smoke (if you're under 18)   7) Right to drink (18th Amendment)   8) Right to engage in certain activities in public   9) Right to drive as fast as one wants   10) Right to dump dangerous chemicals in the nearest river   The list goes on really. The fact is that you don't object to taking rights away in principle, you only object to taking away those rights that you wish to retain. That is quite inconsistent.   Where do you get the idea that one has a right to perform an abortion anyway?	0
and thus a reason to support balanced reporting.   true, there are indisputable facts. say 3000 died.   but the interpretation of the facts are subjected to bias. the 3000 deserved to die as collaborators vs the 3000 were innocent and did not deserve to die.	0
So then the law is flawed because criminals could just as easily get their hands on select firearms, ban or no ban. You've just admitted that the bill did nothing and thus there's no justification for it to be reinstated.	0
Damn, your links sure show a lack of knowledge. Do you have any sources that aren't ignorant as all heck?   While Hoyle came up with the term 'the big bang', he was mocking it. Hoyle was a proponent of the Steady State concept of the universe, which he held on to long after it was disproved by empirical evidence.   FFS, if you are going to use a source, have one that at least has the history of the theory right?   Yes, the estimated age of the universe changed over time. We got increasingly more sophisticated ways to measure it. In the last 30 years, the age estimate has not significantly changed, but the +/- has narrowed drastically. Do try to use a source that isn't over 30 years old.	0
"In Christ there is neither Jew nor Greek, slave nor free, male nor female, all are one in Christ Jesus" - Galatians 3:28   Jesus doesn't care whether you're male or female.	0
The article said very little about his observations and almost nothing about his methods.	0
This past Saturday, my partner and I had a commitment ceremony or wedding if you say care to say.....In my state it is not legally bindingm we did it anyway.....it was more about the emotional commitment two people make to each other in the presence of their friends and family. I tried so hard not to, but when the celebrant asked me to repeat after him, with the vows I wrote my self.....I tried and tried and tried, but couldn't speak. I was too moved by the moment and all I could do was cry....   I love my partner with all my heart....So I wanted to get through, I thought about our taxes (didn't work). So thought about everyone in their underware.....contrary to popular opinoin that doesn't work either.....   I managed to get the words out (don't know how) just did!   This marriage is just as perfect to us, and those that were our witnessess.....as any heterosexual wedding......   The rest of the night was blur, between 50 people wanting my attention and me being really buzzed on white wine.....oh my oh my.......I was pretty shocked!   Marrige is what you decide it is, regardles if the gov was to see it....I am now married.....like it or not.	0
Actually, I believe it was a Reagan policy continued by both Bushes.	0
I will not give up my right to vote. I will not give up my firearms. I consider people taking my right to firearms as dangers as people trying to take away my right to vote.   In other places around the world, firearms are much more important than the right to vote. There are people around the world trying to get a chance to vote by using firearms to establish a system where they can use the right to vote.   For self-preservation? I will use a bazooka if there is tank comming down the street. The immediate threat I am thinking of is a felon with bare hands on parole. That is exactly what the anti-gunners are trying to limit me from doing. Limit my right to self-preservation from a felon on parole. If you read the other threads, especially from VOR, you will see he is about confiscation not gun regulation. I have asked many anti-gunners about confiscation, when they point to models of UK and Austraila I shudder. Those countries are not about regulation, they are about confiscation.	0
Hold up, your changing your argument. You said "I have never been accosted by an armed assailant. Hence, I see no reason I need to carry a concealed handgun in order to be brave enough to move about my hometown.". This is the reason you gave for not carrying a firearm, I was simply countering that argument because it didn't sound very logical to me, still doesn't.   As to your new statment, I'll need more info. What do your consider an "accidental discharge" of a firearm. I ask because I do not consider someone pulling the trigger to be "accidental" and therefore I consider true accidental discharges to be pretty uncommon.   Yes, for most people I think the chances of being in a car accident are greater then the chances of needing a gun for self defense. But, I'm not sure why that would make a difference. If it was reversed I would still where my seatbelt.   God Bless	0
