0	i don't disagree with what you've said, but what killed it was the tone was SO different. this was more of a comedy. the one liners were hard to stomach. it felt like some one had taken over the franchise compared to the last one, which i thought had the right balance of humor. i've never the comics, but based on the movies, it was the jokes that were so cheesy that made this movie fall flat for me.
0	Next up: John Goodman in a remake of The Godfather. Hey, he's fat, so it *totally works*!
0	It took me a while to think to check for the Onion headline. Michael Bay seems just self-absorbed enough to do this.
0	Or with i-banking bonuses?
0	That is absorutery the wong answer.
0	Went to see it today, there were about 10 people overall, two kids left somewhere halfway through. Haven't noticed any specific reactions, everyone was really quiet. Loved the movie myself, although disappointed that Dr. M didn't kill the bad guy.
0	So, how's the licensing sorted out?
0	Am I the only one who thought that movie didn't have a proper ending and seemed left open to be finished in a sequel later on.
0	"What type of ""indie"" scene are you most interested in --- like art-house, cult movies, foreign, low-budget, etc, or all of the above?  And are you looking primarily for modern day indie films, or from any time-period?"
0	Interestingly enough, this would also work as an alternate Heroes episode where Sylar kills his mother.
0	Toy Story 2.
0	It's been previewed at SXSW and the likes.
0	"Yes, but I did say ""one of"""
0	"all mine ever says is ""Goodbye""."
0	**Could** it be done? Or would the force of all the balloons just tear off the chimney?
0	The Colin Meloy lookalike contest?
0	I actually really like Brolin as an actor.
0	Straight to DVD?!  That's crazy!
0	No, the rurror jurr
0	yes.
0	Netflix has this on the 'Watch Now' too if you're a member
0	Saying that a movie is 3D has **NEVER** made me want to go see it. If anything, it has made me NOT want to see it, because 3D is stupid and gimmicky. It adds nothing.
0	No, you.
0	Abort combo? Yes | No | Cancel
0	Take it back.
0	I found it boring. With all the great reviews I thought it would be a masterpiece but in the end I had a WTF face. The macho-rambo main character was really over the top, if it was Sylvestre Stallone nobody would even blink, but when it's an indie, low budget movie then he's not a stereotype?
0	Yes - Tango and Cash.  The ending is actually unintentionally hilarious.
0	Great premise, poor execution.
0	He was good in Tango &amp; Cash.
1	Lemme guess, you probably hate rainbows and unicorns too! Don't you! oh, and babies and puppies also! You monster!!!
0	Upvoted for John Glover.
0	it's a documntary fool
0	*Yousa* people gonna die?
1	Strange. I was just talking to someone about this earlier.
0	The early 1970's had some truly groundbreaking sci-fi movies.  Zardoz, A Boy and His Dog, Silent Running, Barbarella, The Omega Man, Westworld, Rollerball, The PBS version of The Lathe of Heaven, The Forbin Project, The Andromeda Strain, A Clockwork Orange, THX-1138, some of the Planet of the Apes movies, Slaughterhouse Five, Solaris, Fantastic Planet, The Final Programme, Sleeper, Dark Star, Flesh Gordon, Phase IV, The Terminal Man, Death Race 2000, Shivers and The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
0	Opinions, opinions. I suppose you don't mind if it's remade, then.
0	Starring Wil Weaton before his voice changed!  And the late River Phoenix.
1	Just when I thought Hollywood was out of new ideas
0	Zeus doesn't need to be Greek. It's a mythical figure and Morgan Freeman would make a mean Zeus.
0	Like Battlestar Gallactica, only shorter.
0	[insert obligatory Boondock Saints reference]
0	Twilight speeds up the process a little. Now you can enjoy them in their early 20s.
0	I loved Gran Torino *and* Million Dollar Baby, so :-P
0	I agree that there is not enough content for this to matter.  Compare and contrast with the movie My Side of the Mountain (1969), about a boy roughing it by himself, but still carried enough plot to be entertaining throughout.
0	"Let me guess - it'll be hand drawn but in ""Disney 3D."""
0	"I like that they had the original ""it could be happening right now"" rather than the ""long ago and far away"" that they ended up using."
0	I was expecting 1984 too.
0	We got a new Star Wars just a few years ago - it was called Lord of the fuckin' Rings.
0	Well, I certainly didn't expect to see this on the Reddit front page.  Such a shame, she was a fave of mine.  RIP.
0	Enchanted
0	Yeah, there should be some kind of mass-release requirement for bad movie lists.  As in, people must have at least heard of them.  Otherwise, any asshole can go out and find 20 terrible limited release movies that no one else has ever heard of.
0	One of the scenes where someone is walking down a hall in regards to the meeting with the rich guy about the rug?
0	I thought it was weird. And great. I can't really say why, but Herzog created a really consistent vibe. Even despite the reptile-cams. I usually can't stand Cage, but thought he was good in this film. Particularly his laugh at certain times. Instead of forcing the tension up front, it is more in the background and just makes things unpredictable and interesting.
0	Time travel really makes no sense in any movie. Traveling to the future is fine (and actually possible), but traveling back in time always has a few issues. For instance, let's say you go back in time to prevent something from happening. If you accomplish that, then in this new future you've created, your new self has no incentive to go back and time to prevent that thing from from happening in the first place! Now since you didn't go back in time to stop that, it does happen! And on and on it goes.
0	Proof of the movie's curse.
0	God I love that movie... and that scene.
1	Wow I can watch Jar Jar Binks in 3-D!? How exciting!!!
1	Yeah, all movies need lots of locations and special effects to be at all interesting...
0	I see no evidence of private theaters dieing out but I get what you mean.
0	That's what I meant.  No Hughes, no Bueller.  Says me ;)
0	I thought the first two were really good. The third one wasn't as good, but it wasn't so bad that the whole franchise deserves a reboot to low budget production.
0	i came here to scream that in someone's face.
0	I like how when truthfulness is portrayed, these types of people get all defensive about it.
0	He would have needed 7 years of food and waste disposal... a big no no on such a long trip.
0	Try watching Little Mermaid again and let me know. It ends incredibly quickly, just as the romance gets going, it's over.
0	You will see a cow, on top of a cottonhouse.
0	Well, that was intentional, and I actually think it's clever.
0	"That is really funny that you say this because I was laying in bed last night and my two cats were scurrying about and I woke up thinking, ""oh shit, this is just like in Paranormal Activity..."" but then I remembered I have cats and fell back asleep."
0	Did you know you can set your DVR from your web browser?  Too cool.  And thanks for the heads up.
0	Mazes and Monsters 2: This time those fucking nerds are outside!!
0	"Not if you consider most movies (even 3D animation movies!) are converted to 3D instead of being made in 3D from the ground up. As far as I know only ""Up"" and ""Avatar"" are true 3D movies. There may be a few others that I don't know of."
0	You know my friends didn't like that movie - I thought it was pretty cool how it played off the extremes of belief that god will save you versus no one will save you.  Trying not to spoil it for others, can't seem to find a good way of saying it.  If you've seen it I think you can get what I'm saying.
0	I read the book before I even knew who L. Ron or Scientology were, and the book was much, much better than the movie.
1	What if you put your face really close to the screen?
0	I totally didn't get that.
0	**Jean Reno**
0	Read my point above.
0	How about just having healthier popcorn?  I know that yellow oily substance they cover the popcorn with that they call 'butter' has to be bad for me.
0	Tell Karni and Saul to screen this at a music festival or two - minds will be warped.
0	it never claimed to be anti-war.  it was attempting to be neither pro nor anti.  i personally thought it was grossly inaccurate and over-rated, but it seemed to want to be about the psychology of the soldiers, particularly james, than about anything socio-political.
0	"They clap for that? That's the facebook dillema. ""My X died"" Do you like the comment in support of them, or what exactly. Perplexing!"
0	I would have added Ed Harris also.
0	Yeah, I really don't understand wtf is going on in this thread.
0	Ghostbusters I &amp; II
0	Oh god... the cheesy love music that burst into the movie whenever a sex scene was about to start was priceless.
0	It's pretty easy to not work and just parent when you got a few million bucks kicking around.
0	THIS has made my patience with real people much shorter.
0	Hahahaha, I saw this in an arthouse cinema club, at a theatre, here in Ireland. People were hanging out in the hallway out the back of the theatre in an effort to get a break from the tension. Some parts made people (mainly women tbh, one or two couples) run out scared. The demographic for this club is largely film buffs and intellectuals, but the look on the faces was hilarious. Puppy dog eyes. Everyone loved it.
1	More CG is always good.
0	Nekobus!
0	That pretty much describes all the RE movies.
0	I had to watch it again on Hulu not too long ago. It was a bit cheesy, but it was great. Plus, it has the guy who plays Harry Morgan on Dexter.
1	But it's so much more fun to believe a one-sided account that reflects negatively on someone we want to hate!
0	My gf cried at the synopsis of La Bamba. This would most certainly end her life.
0	Yeah, that's what I meant, thanks. It's been a while.
0	What a waste.
0	Oh yeah, cause *that* was what was wrong with the Transformers movies.  Sure.
0	Sorry I misread (oops) but no, it's not him.
0	"I think it's a little strange that it's being called a ""must watch"" when it has not even been released yet."
1	I wouldn't either, considering the movies he's been in recently.
0	Understandable. I often times don't like watching my own Youtube videos.
0	TIL that the guy who played Mark was in Inglorious Basterds.
0	The Thing
0	Shia LeBeouf swimming in the opening sequence in Jaws.
0	Ender's Game.
1	Yay, another pretentious movie that's only understandable by people with a Ph.D in engineering! I can't wait!
0	That trailer. So full of cliches. So full of everything. Seriously, they revealed so much of the plot that I really don't need to see anything, IMO.
0	Why do you hate America?
0	Blomkarp said in an interview with the LA Times that  he wants to stay away from big-budget films. Besides, he's only done one major movie, and that movie's cinematic style is not something I'd like to see The Hobbit done as.
1	Hurrah for closed-mindedness!  Don't give none of that faggot shit a chance!!!
0	Nothing quite like being molested by an alien irradiation robot after getting split up from your friends.
0	I've had trouble forgiving Syfy for their treatment of *Flash Gordon*, and their current direction in general; and to be fair, the only incarnation of the *Phantom* franchise I've ever really been into was *Phantom 2040*...but this looks good.
0	"Are you sure? He's a biter you know! Like, he *really* bites! Arms, fingers, noses, executive producers, *anything* he perceives as a threat. It's not like you crack the whip and he meekly returns to work, oh no, it's more like you crack the whip, grab a chair to put between you and him, and then throw money at him and say ""I'M ON YOUR SIDE TERRY, I'M ON YOUR SIDE!!!!!!!!"" Then you tell him you're extending his deadline and his budget if he's good. He'll calm down then, but it'll be the same again in a day or two. He'll hate you forever. Still want the job?"
0	So?
0	Wouldn't the most realistic special effects be the ones you *don't* notice?
0	SPOILER: That would be Kill Bill: Vol II
0	Did anyone like **Cloverfield**?  I wanted to like it, but it just gave me a headache.  The best part was the trailer.
0	There could have only been a bigger follow-up to that groan had Mark Wahlberg's name been shown right after M Night's as the star.
0	Nah, the novel that the anime was based on was written in 1992. Judging from the films, Paprika is definitely one of the inspirations for Inception.
0	Because I said so
0	Why not? Practically everything else they say to Fischer up till that point is a lie.
0	The original version was shit too.
0	I started to watch but I didn't care to continue on watching it.
0	"It's been getting a lot of critical backlash as of late, but ""The Dark Knight"" had a fantastic opening scene and sodid ""Batman Begins."" The latter in particular because it gets us to think about who Christian Bale's character is, how he got there, etc. Beautiful use of *in media res*."
0	"""goodbye Lenin"" used some of the exact same tracks!"
1	I was gonna see this movie, but since its not gonna be in 3D, Im not even gonna waste my time!
0	trilogy?
0	Well, seeing as how he had a 3rd movie that was good, I would say he already managed to evade Shyamalan territory.
0	The world was much smaller 1000 years ago.
0	so Bill Murray is included in this?
0	So you will avoid *Midnight Cowboy* and *Runaway Train* because you don't like his politics. How sad.
0	"""The hunt for Red October"". Best Tom Clancy book-turned-movie in my opinion and the script sticks or changes things from the book just the right way to actually make it a far better story."
0	Yes, though primarily just movies I've seen in theaters.
0	You know, Mary Jane.
1	Whoa, I don't know about that man, I mean, Pulp Fiction came out in '94.
0	That is one serious sandwich.
0	"I say ""great idea."" Cast Crispin Glover as his dad, and write a scene where Glover beats the shit out of him."
1	What the fuck are you talking about? Anything discussing feelings is clearly a chick flick!
0	Worth it.
0	Haven't seen The Island, or Inception yet--and yeah, I've liked everything post-Titanic.
0	Let's not forget he had a major role in the original Indiana Jones (and the third one was good too).
1	It's true ! The whole world doesn't all speak English.
0	Yea, try making one. No matter what some people don't understand simple.
1	You'll be happy to know that an entire film is being made, based on the Les Grossman character. Yippee!
0	It's times like these I feel bad that people download movies. This movie could turn out to be a very well liked, well known film, but the people who made it will have lost their investment and in the future won't make another like it. Who gets hurt in the long run?
1	Damn you and your opinion!!
1	It sounds like some retarded foreign film
0	I like James Caan. I think he is a very good actor and he is welcome to his own opinions. I don't to agree with everyone. If i restricted myself to people i fully agree with i would never talk to anyone but my spouse.
0	Best cameos ever?
0	"""My voice is my... passport?"""
0	No, the trailer was ambiguous as to the presence or absence of zombies.
0	I'm sorry did you just compare 12 Angry Men to Phone Booth? We are no longer on speaking terms.
0	For those it doesn't sucker-punch, it certainly does browbeat them about doing heroin. Not saying doing heroin is good, but come on.
0	The flashback scene in Tsotsi with his parents.
0	Wow just got a little chilly in here.
0	AND MY *XE!
0	Check out their TV dramas.
1	Yeah, like Death and a Funeral.
0	There's lot's of good laughs in Goodfellas.
0	The night I watched this on LSD rates as the most hilarious experience of my life.
0	Dude, he tricked NO ONE.
0	It's been almost 16 hours since I watched the film. I'm still dead inside.
0	You'll need a flashlight and a shovel.
0	Nice try, Fiendish Dr. Wu!
0	"I'd like to say I wouldn't do the same if I was a lawyer. But I imagine after seeing things like this pop up in court all the time one has to have flashes of ""why not me?"""
0	Something tells me this book won't translate well on the big screen.
0	Imo the first three had charm and charisma, yea they were corny but they were great. The new movie lacked charm, charisma and seemed like sterile attempt to make money
0	If they didn't give him any dialogue it would make the movies at least 30% better.
0	At least Hostel was torture porn. I suspect Martyrs was about a bunch of guys getting a budget and deciding to spend it on something trendy, choosing torture porn as their trend but then thinking that just torture porn wasn't trendy enough so they'd need some seriously deep idea to give it more depth, man! Only they were short on depth, so they've come up with that retarded idea, but since it was a dead end to begin with, they've aborted it half way into the movie, but then realized that they didn't really have anything else to go on so they stuffed a bunch of pure torture in between the point were they tried to end the movie abruptly (a point up to which it was sort of watchable) and the actual ending, probably hoping that people wouldn't find that fast forward button and remain clueless about what a train wreck of a film they've just watched.
0	This list is a discrace.
0	You should check out the original Tron (also starring a much younger Jeff Bridges). The special effects are quite dated but extremely unique and ingenious.
1	Star Wars.
0	I *hated* The Pain Closet. I want to watch Moon, though. And it's sitting right there on Netflix... My solemn vow is to watch this movie by week's end.
0	The age of Olympic gymnasts, but training for revenge instead of medals.
0	And he was a fucking cheat in Punch-Out!!.
1	hey, that teenager wasn't a champ.
0	But I can't stay mad at me. I love me!
0	You should've seen him in Indy 4.
0	BOMBUR!
0	I'm not sure if it's their aging or mine that makes them better, but I don't really care.
0	COMPLETELY AGREE! How could I forget to put this on my list?!
0	No, you'll be doing pushups and running
0	BOOM.  ROASTED.
0	You're kind of making his point.
0	I found that the Sorkin trademark dialogue style didn't work for me on Sports Night; it was too artificial. I found it a lot more believable on The West Wing, and it worked in the Harvard and law offices of The Social Network.
0	3 out of 5, it's a solid.
0	Back to the Future.
0	So it's still little more than a location.
0	Yes.
0	I've read this script and I can say with almost full certainty that this movie doesn't go where you think it goes.
0	Right on. Are you Kevin James McMullin?
0	If you love Firefly but haven't seen this, you are a sorry sack of human-like flesh and nothing more.
0	I had no idea what this movie was about.  I was 25 and sitting on my couch one Sunday when this movie came on TV.  This is honestly the only movie that has ever made me cry.  I was so sad for that boy, it reminded me of a really good female friend of mine from high school.
0	A clever username is no reason to upvote a post.
0	Why would fiction piss off us atheists? It's kind of obvious that we atheists love to talk about and piss around with fiction.
0	My favorite scene was when [Hollywood Actor] does that [verb] with the [noun] and totally [verb] [other Hollywood Actor].
0	Yeah but man do they hit hard for that one moment. Holy shit. I cry just thinking about it.
0	Yeah one thing I never got is why have the bridge on top where it is vulnerable. I kind of understand in the latest one because the view screen is actually a window, but in TGN it is just a screen.
0	Quicktime? FFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUU
0	My computer's working a little slow today; please tell me that Requiem for a Dream is included.
1	Are these rumors from the same people who leaked that Joseph Gordon Levitt was playing the riddler?
0	That's the one I'm talking about
1	But what about the pest???
0	Sweet, thanks. That was bugging me.
1	Yeah.. because it's not like he's ever directed a good movie before.
0	I like how realistic it was.  I can't tell you how often 80 pound asian women throw me twenty feet.  And if I had a nickel for every time I flew my F-22 under highway overpasses and surfed off the the wing right before impact.
1	Agreed, the system is just fine.  *Vive la status quo!*
0	Which he also applied to *Eat, Pray, Shit*.
0	For those unaware, the wacky notion of our being two halves of a whole comes from Plato's *Symposium*.  I always thought it was neat even before I discovered/fell in love with Hedwig.
0	Have you read the analysis that the second two movies aren't the Wachowski *siblings* movies, but mostly the terrible ideas of that nasty S&amp;M queen Andy got with?
0	"That was pretty interesting, and it got me thinking about the film in different ways.  One thing I never noticed is that each level is kind of a ""test"" for the dreamers."
0	Now that's an image I can get behind!
0	I have to be honest, a little piece of me died inside reading your post.  But that's the beauty of movies, to each his/her own. Those are two of my favorite movies.  I think they just leave a lot to the viewer and don't really provide many cues of how to feel and what to think, but this is what I love about them... they are both like moving Rorschach tests, and really it's up to you to fill them in.
0	Yes, God yes! I had to take some horrible class focusing on racism, classism, and sexism. One of the first assignments was to watch this movie and write papers on it. Couldn't take this movie serious for 5 minutes. Class made me wanna kill myself.
0	Iron Man 2
0	I agree. It's Shakespearean in its scope. Great, great film.
0	"Neither is your ""I see this posted all the time"" argument.  Because the originality of defenses and arguments is irrelevant.  What you're doing is blaming someone for posting someone he would have no way of knowing if it was posted or not.  You are aware there's only so much original content on the internet, right?  Moron."
0	B-more represent!
0	He was basically the only part of the movie I liked.
0	2027 or the Banksy esque painting in the back ground. I'll admit it would be sweet to buy Banksy art if it means taking out a wall.
0	I can't stand Wes Anderson's films.  The guy takes awesome actors, wraps shitty stories around them, and calls it art. Rushmore had a great cast, a very good script, and Bill Murray.  Somehow Anderson managed to fuck it up.
0	I thought the same thing. I guess he's called Token.
0	Three Extremes is one of my favorite horror movies to watch when there's nothing else to do. I highly recommend it to fans of the Asian horror genre.
0	I agree. But having something live up to Part 1 + 2 is almost asking the impossible. I'm decent at basketball, but I'm not terrible because I can't dunk from the free throw like Jordan.
0	People said that would kill the iPad, but then they got over it.
0	Yep, it's pretty predictable how they give all those nominations to the best films of the year.
0	Well it has a lot of things going for it for one Stephen King is well liked by Hollywood, the book series is pretty popular and well known, also you've had successes in the past with doing a fantasy book series all done at once with great success. Plus when you do a long shoot like this it is easier and cheaper than many broken up shoots. Like I said I think it is an ambitious project, and it'd be quite amazing if it came out. I'd be pretty sure that Ron Howard could at least get the first film and series green lit.
0	I haven't seen The Hurt Locker, Avatar, or A Serious Man, so I can't completely say it was a bad decision. I did see District 9, which I thought was absolutely amazing and was a good example of combining tech with traditional filmography. I've seen part of Avatar, and it just didn't do it for me. IMO, it was more hype about the tech going into it than it was about the story, which is essentially Dancing with Wolves In Space. Inglourious Basterds really suffered from the editing. I know Tarantino wanted it to be more, and there were actors who didn't have a single scene make it past the cutting room floor. It was good, but the gaps were just too obvious. Up was touching, but IDK if it was any more brilliant than The Lion King. Of course, I *was* drunk when I saw it.
0	Wow. I really need to get on the ball and see How to Train A Dragon.
0	Eh, give it a shot. It won't unmake the original, and could sure be an improvement over 2 and 3.
0	Makes sense. I mean consider that Captain America fought Russians for like 40+ years.
1	WHHHHAAAAAAT!?!?! I'm sooo not gonna see this now.
0	I believe it will be released officially online next week around the 25th.
0	Yeah, come on, it's time to get wheel serious here, guys.
0	I like him when he actually acts like in Collateral.  In so many of his movies he just plays his loud, obnoxious self and that I can't stand.
0	"Trailer makes it look like an action movie, but it is full of HILARIOUS dialog. Jiang Wen can do no wrong. If you enjoyed his previous movies (Devils on the Doorstep, The Sun Also Rises) you're definitely love this. I can see several parts being hard to translate so probably won't make it out in the west. Wikipedia says ""A Hollywood film studio have bought the rights to create an American remake of Let the Bullets Fly.""... as always"
0	In real life? No. In fiction? It can be.
0	I'm mad I didn't think of it first.
0	No, it did. The action was incomprehensible and the villian was boring. The only good thing was the opening title sequence.
0	granted.
0	"""Are we bartering again?"""
0	[yo dawg needed]
1	Ugh! I HATE reading!
0	..   again.
0	No, it just doesn't appeal to everyone. But I enjoyed it and its sequel.
0	The bold pink italics make me feel like a garden of roses as screaming in my ear as I read this.
0	Your right to swing your fist ends at my nose.
0	Starring Michelle Rodriguez?  Not even going to bother with this one.
0	Thought exactly the same thing. Every critic and movie fan I know raves about this flick.
0	"It felt to me like, ""Should I go up there with her, guys? She's really high..."""
0	"Showgirls. I can keep a straight face until: ""It must be weird, not having anybody cum on you."""
1	Swordfish and Die Hard 4 are pretty sweet movies.
0	He was such a good boy!
0	This will be the third (to my knowledge) attempt at putting Captain America on the big screen. If it has any merit, it will be a step up from the others. It looks like they're giving it a good try, but I suspect Cap may be inherently unfilmable - at least with a straight face.
1	I bet he's after the unobtainium to build a monument to Apple.
0	One dimensional *fight scenes*? Are there any other kinds? I mean... it's a fight.
0	Carol doesn't, that's for sure.
0	Did you read the credits at the end of the movie?
0	It's just not a big part of people's lives here. For most people, religion tends to be something you practice at home or at church. Going to church is more of a place for the community to gather than to preach about God.
1	deer hunter is a great break up film
0	How is anything about Carnivale cliche?
1	But this is reddit anything mainstream must be hated. As a side note Batman Begins is better than Dark Knight, Wind Waker is the best Zelda, Will Ferrel is a hack, and Day of the Dolphin is the best scifi ever made.
0	Loved it too.
0	Obvious troll is obvious.
0	Your statement makes no sense. It either looks good or terrible. You can't have both.
0	Here I was, actually hoping for a really cool Captain America Trailer.
0	Displaced? What about all the dead ones?
0	Interesting trick.
0	So is the movie good?
0	What the hell are angry dishes?
1	Totally feel you, bro. I hate it when movies have opinions, too.
0	In my opinion, he's not really New Wave.  He uses some similar elements, but I think his work is more akin to classic Noir films than anything else.
0	I'm glad that you're glad
0	It's all in the reflexes.
0	"First time I saw it, I was like ""wtf is this shit?"" Then I was compelled to see it through to the end."
0	I'm not a big fan of Rogen, but I feel Sandler knocked it out of the park. It *could* have been a great film.. I still like it, nonetheless.
0	Bruno, but whether or not it is porn is debatable.
0	I think he meant underrated because you don't really hear people talk about it too much. At least I don't.
0	"""Ice Ice Baby"" in the trailer? That's pretty clever. Because it's about penguins."
0	I don't understand why people hate on watchmen. Watch the directors cut. The more times I see that movie, the more I like it.
1	Yes, because a movie about women in a mental institution being tortured and abused who fantasize about being hookers who then fight battles in ridiculously skimpy clothing is totally what I call fun.
0	It's Confucius common mistake.
0	The way they ended that show, it's untouchable.
0	One movie will never ruin a boom. I've read a number of directors are fully buying into the 3D thing and will be making all their movies in 3d from now on. This sort of disappoints me because I don't need a movie to be 3D. Frankly I enjoy a 2D flick. I live 3D every day and sometimes just need to relax and escape with a nice flat movie.
0	I broke up with a girlfriend of 4 1/2 years over a year ago and still can't watch this movie, even though it is one of my favorites.
0	Yeah I'm not sure how people couldn't see this as scifi. I also had someone try to tell me Inception wasn't Scifi. I think people just expect Scifi to always be blatantly set in the future.
0	hahah, well, that's absolutely true.
0	Fuck you OP for posting a link to Twiiter!!!!
0	I guess it would be challenge, but it would worth it if they pull it off.
0	*FUCK YOU!!!*
0	i still say that it's a good thing it got shit-canned since it was going to star tom cruise.
0	WHAT KIND OF DRUGS DO YOU TAKE?!
0	Seems like something a kid would say to me.
0	"Haha! I know the real reason you just ""got to the party."" A good version of Tron 2.0 finally leaked onto torrents!"
0	I hope to see a round of Charlie Sheen is awesome jokes hit the internet like Chuck Norris did.
0	I loved the movie.  Characters had great personalities, good writing, good acting.
0	Gary Oldman.
1	Yeah but you have to remember that European sensibilities state that is just Saturday night.
0	She'll never escape those teeth.
0	John C. Reilly as Taquito. LOL!
1	No shit?
1	or give it a gritty reboot
0	What is the difference? Honestly, I don't know.
0	It seems like most asians are pushed towards academic careers as opposed to artistic ones. That could be a stereotype, but I believe it true. Bruce lee wouldn't have made it in a non martial arts film, he just wasn't that great of an actor. Harold, from harold and kumar is the only mainstream asian I can picture right now, but he's a horrible actor. It's hard to blame the studios when their choices are so few.
0	It's definitely one of the few modern horror movies that managed to creep me out genuinely. Worth a watch. Skip the sequel though.
0	Phantasm 1-4, Gymkata, Critters 1-4, 976-Evil 1 and 2, Fright Night, My Best Friend is a Vampire, Pet Cemetery 2... I can always come up with more. Was born in 79, so I remember a lot of good bad movies from the '80s and '90s.
0	I watched this earlier today. This film had the best and worst script of any film i've ever seen. I absolutely loved it. UK, btw :)
0	I wouldn't go so far as to say to never watch it again. Basically when you love a movie when you are a kid you come to develop a certain association with it. Later in life when you rediscover the movie your world view has changed so that association you've created with the movie has dated. But I think that is just an opportunity to rediscover the movie or appreciate it on another level. You're old impression has been effectively torn down but that doesn't mean you can't like the movie by creating a new connection with it. This doesn't go for all movies, but don't automatically write a movie off just because it's doesn't feel like the same movie you watched when you were 10.
0	Can't upvote you enough. The dancing bar owner bothered me to no end while reminding me of The Matrix trilogy's Merovingian for some reason. CLU's face wasn't a problem for me but the whole way the story unraveled was. I liked it more than I should've liked it probably because I've always loved the first one.
0	Dude, you sound like someone that just stepped out of a focus group for DirectTV/Comcast.
0	Matinees
0	This looks good, I wish it came out at the theaters here. I hate the idea that the American remake might be the only one to show on the big screen here.
1	Thank you Wayans brothers for ensuring no spoof movies are ever made again.
0	"Reddit Fundamentals 101: if you don't like something, disagree with something, are having a bad day, enjoy trolling, don't understand the language in which the post was made, are named ""Opposite Man"", or hate your life, you press the down arrow."
1	The crappy Black and White one? Or the totally awesome Tony Danza one?
0	HE WANTS TO FEEL LIKE HE'S A UNIQUE SNOWFLAKE WHO KNOWS MORE ABOUT FILM THAN YOU DO.
0	Looks quite formulaic.
0	....um....yes?  Sorry, I have a feeling that that joke is just way to smart for me.  Also, I never actually finished TRL, I'm pretty sure I chewed my arm off to get out of there.
1	No dude, I don't think that apology is going to cut it.
0	Does anyone know which charity(s) he's contributing to?
0	Not everything has to be ground breaking or original, comedies especially. Comedy is most likely inherently built on not being original, and rather about bringing the absurd to the ordinary.
1	You dropped this:
0	there were 3?! what was the one in the theater a year or so ago?
0	I thought his role as the tortured genius Edward Nygma was just as captivating.
1	I'm pretty sure most of the shooting took place in Detroit. I mean, those guys had plenty of guns and they even shot off Robocop's arm.
0	damn white people all look the same !
0	Mullholland Drive was just about sexy lesbian love! (at least  that is all I remember)
0	Daddy would you like some sausage?
0	YOU AGREE AND DISAGREE WITH ANOTHER PERSONS IDEALS? BLASPHEMY
0	that last bit killed me.
0	Did this include Deadman somehow?
0	One of the few times I didn't read the reddit comments first...or scroll down to the Youtube comments.
0	Is that really going to happen? I've heard things about it but never saw it confirmed.
0	I don't think I've ever even approached a celebrity I've seen.  They aren't an attraction in a theme park, they are just people trying to live their lives.  They don't need my shit.
0	Rashomon would've been different when it was released, but nowadays it's pretty much a standard plot structure.
0	.... how the fuck is the sequel going to work?
0	None of them, they all suck
0	It's definitely not the best Miyazaki film storywise, but I think Ponyo was the most visually stunning. The movie has a really simple, raw and beautiful charm to it, accessible even to young children but with scenes that are just breath-takingly imaginative and wonderful.
0	Meh. It was good, but I don't see why people think it's the greatest thing since Spirited Away. Definitely worth seeing, but not worth worshiping.
0	I almost feel like I'm missing something.
0	Yeah, I don't know who you hang out with, but that movie had good characters, good dialog and a decent plot.
0	Definitely walked out of the theater, due to horror.
0	I'll have to watch both of them back to back to test that. Since Fuzz came after Shaun I would hope that it would be technically better. I seem to remember it had better production values, I assume they gave him more money for Fuzz.
1	I'm not seeing them unless they're in 3D.
0	Definitly, I hope he was free to make it as gore as he wanted.
1	Cool, thanks for the link!
0	I bet their Congress was having budget cuts and needed to terminate their space program.
1	Wow. Good burn dude. I've never seen some talk about someone elses mom. Best Of'd.
0	As opposed to having Jesus played by a white guy which he was not?
0	Matrix, only one movie, etc.
0	How about, instead of a downvote alone, you tell me why you disagree?  Chicken-shit.
0	You may have accidentally a movie.
0	You really needed to start with the Airplane movies that the whole genre by parodying all of the 70 disaster movies.
1	Also, the animators hired and green screen.
0	I know who Mel Brooks is, but I only recognized his face because he looks like his son Max Brooks... I'll get off your lawn now.
0	Comic relief is a damn good thing in an action movie... when it's actually comical. But when the jokes fall flat (as most did), it just becomes a torturous distraction from the real reason you're there, not a punctuation to highlight it.
0	Most trailers do very good showing how bad they are and im most often right. Besides, Tom Cruise and Mission Impossible stopped being good a long time ago
0	I like Snatch a bit more, but doesn't fit into this category as well as RocknRolla does
0	God damn. Marvel has a hell of a handle on their films. This and Thor had the potential to be total cheese. Thor was solid and Captain America looks even better. I'm officially excited.
0	When rich people gamble, I don't think they get excited when they win $100 -- that's like winning 10 cents for us poor people.  So they probably play with $100,000 hands to get that entertainment.
1	source?
0	That makes II of us.
0	How did you prepare yourself?
0	I didn't like it. Too many anachronisms and not historic. It was similar to The Eagle, although slightly better. Both had longish boring journey scenes using cliched story tropes. The recent Robin Hood movie with Russell Crowe was much more entertaining for a historic genre movie.
0	I didn't see any flaming bag of poop, so I would say no.
0	Thirded.
0	A Chaioould?
0	eXistenZ isn't really horror.
0	I did not know that, and I cannot give a real criticism as I haven't seen or thought about the movie in years.
0	I absolutely love that movie. I make everyone I know watch it, because for some reason, everyone I know has never heard of it.
0	Same with X-Men: First Class. I was very surprised with how good it was.
0	The show was pretty funny, but I can't comment on the preview as I am at work and youtube is blocked.
0	I think that people are responsible for their own actions.
0	SD baby. Woot!
0	And yet I find they rarely do.
0	The internet does stink, doesn't it? Smells a bit like rotten lemons.
1	Yeah because the comics NEVER fuck up their continuity!
0	and ghouls!
0	Exactly. Nobody has ever seen or heard of that wildly popular series.
1	Why would I emphasize tit? Wait. Oooooh.
0	i have been very excited for this movie. they screwed me over with X-Men 3 and that shitty Wolverine movie. X and Magneto have always been the most interesting characters in that universe to me.
0	hang over part 3 has to be set in fucking space it's the only way!
0	Live Freeer or Die Harderer with a Vengeance
0	It's like Remember the Titans + James Cameron in the best possible way.
0	I still have the original book from when I first read it in middle school!
0	If you worked a position higher than PA or assistant production coordinator, sure.
0	Tarsem is such a genius, I can't wait for Immortals!
0	I used to love the big screen, then I had kids, and got an HD TV. It's so much easier to stay home and watch on the HD TV, I'm sad to say.
0	"You've got some movie watching to do, kid. ""Blade Runner"" and ""This is Spinal Tap"" are both on Netflix Instant so you probably don't have an excuse."
0	I also haven't seen it since that first time and I was really high so that means it was probably terrible.
0	Babel is like the retarded cousin of Syriana.
0	He had metal pins in his legs and magneto was helping him walk.
1	There's a lot we can learn from this passage.
0	It's entertaining but quite different than Pitch Black.  For me, that wasn't a dealbreaker but I know some people think different.  The action/effects are good and you get much more about Riddick's background as well.
0	It looks like a remake of the Raimi Spider-Man with teenage angst thrown in for the Twilight crowd.
1	Thank you for the spoiler.
0	High school hipsters are going to be all over this movie, like Napoleon Dynamite all over again.
0	"I don't know if you've been keeping up, but Nolan is a whole lot more than just ""epic."" There are layers to a large amount of his work."
0	Thanks for that. The site seems to have some good stuff, but I;m absolutely hating the layout.
0	The reboot seems to be an adaptation of the 'Ultimate' story-line [despite the title].. In my most humble opinion, that version of the character is far and away the best; The current [aged version of the] Amazing Spider-Man is quite boring.
1	Yeah, like in the books!
0	I gotta hand it to them. There are so many dwarves with so many similar/rhyming names that reading it was hard to tell them apart. But they've developed very unique and varied appearances for all of them. I might actually be able to tell them part in the movie.
0	Anyone want to link to the episode from the SP website?
0	My step-grandmother was a wealthy socialite in L.A. and claims she was a double for Audrey.  We can't know for sure, since nobody in my family knew her until she abandoned her family in her 60's to elope with my grandfather, but most of us are pretty sure it's a load of shit.
0	Is it pointing down?
0	YOU MUST BE A BLAST AT PARTIES!
0	Lately...? You mean like Billy Madison or Mr. Deeds?
0	more like [8]
0	"thanks much! I was searching ""I shot a little boy"" Now I'm prolly on the FBi watch list."
0	I spent the entirety of Temple Of Doom waiting for him to have his heart ripped out.
0	Their organic food episode was actually what got me to stop watching the show.  They focused on a bunch of straw-man hippies and didn't mention Monsanto or any other bio-engineered food providers at all.  They even put a pro-biofood expert on air from a Monsanto-funded organization.  This is something Penn and Teller are fans of, they did it again in their second-hand smoking episode.  Since the show is supposed to be about debunking popularly held false beliefs, it seemed pretty shitty that they chose to sell their stances on issues to big corporations as PR.
0	His talisman was his ring.
0	Good, intriguing movie, but am actually surprised it cost $200,000
0	Featuring Laura Prepon, as The Dominatrix.
0	I have no plan on seeing the movie. Do they mention it at all?
1	The Original has been on my to-watch list for a while.  I'll have to see it so I can snottily pan the new one.
0	Or Oren Ishii
0	Don't worry about them, Donny, these men are cowards.
0	I feel the same way.
0	Just make sure to lay off the Ludwig Van.
0	shit your right and my 2nd pick kurt wimmer with ultraviolet it was his 3rd film too.
0	He's a fucking badass in that movie, which is so awesome because his character is so mild-mannered 99% of the time.
0	i always got the feeling that this guy was just really creepy and signed onto these movies to look at the naked college aged chicks that they bring in for these shitty movies
1	duurrrrrr i don't get it, ma. can summun explain them thar movin pitchers?
0	I feel like you guys are having the Always sunny conversations where Danny Devito tells them they have to make the lips funny.
0	Neither did Cars 1.
0	Wasn't this a huge flop?
0	Stay for *Shaun...* and *Hot Fuzz*, then leave before that awful comic book movie starts.
0	ABSOLUTELY. I *only* saw that part. Then promptly switched it off.
1	Yeah, it's so fucking hard to get them limey movies on this side of the ocean.
0	I was playing Fallout New Vegas last night and laughed when that was one of the options for what to say into the radio on the Hoover Dam observation tower.
0	I have a feeling Austin Powers wont be as funny as I found it ten years ago, but we'll see what happens.
1	Because I'm obviously very vain and my attack on her looks has no correlation to the fact I couldn't care less about her acting.
0	Great.
0	This comic sucks, but I just want to take this opportunity to say I used to hate David Lynch films, it wasnt until maybe the 3rd Lynch film I saw that I got them, and now I am a fan.
1	Don't you mean Tyrese and Jason Statham?
0	He didn't understand it.
0	"""Leave the gun. Take the cannoli."""
1	I feel like a wierded-out pedophile, so thanks for that.
0	"Then there are almost no big stars because just about every ""big star"" has been involved in a turd of some kind."
1	"BUT IT DOESN""T HAVE CAT EARS.  Nolan messed up big time, the movie is ruined."
0	The Fountain is perfect the way it is.  I wouldn't change a thing.  Art through adversity.
0	I absolutely love all of Christopher Nolan's films and he has *never* come close to disappointing me. However, I am having a hard time believing that TDKR can be a good movie with this character. We might have a Spider Man 3 on our hands, and it hurts me to say that given how much I love Mr. Nolan's work.
0	Is the monolith 'aspect ratio' the same as common film types?
0	Not a cult classic, extremely mainstream.
0	Even though you are correct, there's no reason why the percentage of crappy movies made would stay constant throughout time.  Maybe that percentage is increasing?
0	batman trollface
0	I'm cheering for them already!
0	My favorite part about Idiot Taxes is that I don't have to pay them.
1	Yes because film studios only get paid from American theatres, the rest of the world pays them nothing when their theatres show the film.
0	WHat?  Really?  A business made a decision to split itself over MONEY?  This article is like an epiphany!
0	Either it's out of sync, or it's dubbed.
0	Anyone know what the last movie was?
0	Yea. What a tease.
0	Netflix streaming.
1	then I must advise you to get out and explore the outside.  My friend, the world is full of magical wonders and posters with Japanese text are just the tip of the iceberg.
0	Chewbacca is Batman's father!
0	Qwikster sounds like Flixster, which now owns Rotten Tomatoes and is part of Warner Bros.
0	Remember the fights in Batman Begins? Oh lawd.
0	The Mummy wasn't really a remake either. And the Scorpion King movies are a spin off with little to do with the Scorpion King movies except they happen in the same fictional world.
0	Still amazing, go for it
0	That was one thing I didn't realise she was doing in her mind until the movie was halfway over. I thought it was pretty neat, given a fairly recent immigrant to the country back then probably had no concept of Indians in the old west sense of the word.
0	This looks good so far.  I'm definitely interested in seeing it right now.
1	*Man* can't travel faster than light, but he's *Super*man. I mean, it's really obvious when you look at it that way.
0	RIP, I really thought Spartacus was going to be a pretty lame show, but I really enjoyed his character and the show in general after giving it a chance.  Fuck cancer, and condolences to his family and friends.  It won't be the same show without him.
0	I haven't seen rampage yet. I'll have to look for it.
0	"H&amp;S has a ""clinical formula"" or some such that has selenium, but the regular stuff doesn't."
0	It's not too expensive to go to the movies alone.  I don't really see the value of going to the movies with a big group of people anyway.  I'd usually rather just watch movies at home.  I think you get more interaction going to the video store.
0	"Sort of. In one sense Norton's character is Tyler, who is represented by Pitt when the contrast between the two is necessary, but in another sense he is unnamed and referred to as ""the narrator"" for convenience. There is no Tyler per se, only the role that Edward's character. Norton is Tyler while he is unconscious yet awake, although consciously he does not know of this alternate identity. Everyone in the fight club knows Norton as Tyler and acknowledge him as such, however, Norton only becomes aware that he is Tyler at the end."
0	Bean
0	It got a little ridiculous in Suckerpunch IMO, but I loved Watchmen.  Besides some horrible music selections (99 Luft Balloons, Hallellujah) I thought the entire movie was excellent.
0	Seriously, what the hell happened to that?
1	"I've got to say Elizabeth Hurley in ""Bedazzled"" was the best devil by far. Her performance will go down in cinema history, as well as Brendan Fraser."
0	"The film makes it appear as though it is a cycle that doesn't end (Hence the tag line ""If you run it will get you. If you stay it will eat you."")"
0	Vagina monster!
1	Never heard of it
0	I thought Chan was pretty great in the Karate Kid movie myself.  The movie itself wasn't awesome, but Chan was.
0	I was amazed to find out Dominic West was a native.
0	Well, the article could have been funnier, that may have helped :)
0	Don't miss *Chop Kick Panda*.
0	Title, correct subreddit, and timing is really everything around here.
0	I can still see what it says though on an IPS screen, so same difference...just to lesser effect.
0	Or he could have put that claw in his pants, unzipped it, and chased the kid around with it. It'd do the trick. Also.
1	They remade it? Shit....
0	I like that it still rotates when you mouse over.
0	I don't buy that story for a second. Anyone that knows Shia well, knows he's a big arrogant asshole. You only have to work with him for a day to see this.
0	Which dots are you referring to?
0	though i really enjoyed watching leon, i thought it was just about average. but the fifth element- that is completely different.
0	in 3D!!!
0	It moved and surprised me more than anything Pixar's done in awhile.
0	It was better: It was a global movie, a venture that is too infrequently visited. I mean it was funded by multiple nations, acted by mostly Brits, admittedly, and obviously filmed in Germany, directed by a Frenchman, scored by an American etc etc.
0	The only thing my Wife wanted to know after making her watch this trailer is, where's Ed Norton?
0	That guy should add his own tumbler to the list.
0	Well, to avoid being changed by external forces hebcould not control, he decided to learn more about himself. People change and learn more about themselves over time, and apparently Dave decided Islam was for him.
0	So he liked it, then?
0	"Quite frankly the name ""Skyfall"" sounds a hell lot better than ""Octopussy""."
1	Shit crap like Princess Mononoke, Spirited Away, Akira, Grave of the Fireflies and Ghost in the Shell.
0	Trainspotting
0	i bet you in the end, the planet is ruled by apes and mark wahlberg will come back later to visit.
0	I thought Billy Madison was shit.
0	Whooa, slow down there, no need for anyone to kill themselves just because of some silly moving pictures.
0	Honestly, *that* would make more sense than what I just watched!
0	This was my first thought as well.
0	How is anything you said making any movie better?
0	Yeah, that one didn't really bother me.
0	Such a great line. Totally up there with 'This is my Boomstick' from Army Of Darkness.
0	Certainly up there.  Just without thinking I'd say the best trilogies are Lord of the Rings, The Godfather, Toy Story, The Dollars Trilogy and my favorite Star Wars.  Batman Begins and TDK are fantastic films, if TDKR keeps it up, I'd say it has a spot among those films.
0	I don't think so, I checked in IMBD and he's not listed there and I can't believe he wouldn't be in the credits. Also, I can't believe he'd have just that one tiny line.
0	The trailer for Drive is another good one that leaves you wanting more.
0	he maybe did he maybe didn't, what did he maybe do?
0	I use this line all the time and I try to make my voice squeak like his does. Most people don't get the reference but I don't care.
0	He downloads because, hey, why pay for it when you can just steal the shit out of it? It's not like it requires as much stupidity or balls as meandering into a Wally World to rip off a few DVDs.
1	But, man, it's not stealing, man!
0	Sergio Leone managed to make jaw-dropping westerns on a small budget, made incredible action scenes without any CGI, directed English speaking actors without knowing a word of it himself. As far as westerns go, he is the master.
0	"Believe it or not, the educated use my definitions. I got my definitions of plot vs story from the University of Southern California film studies. I was warned that the general public and ""film buffs"" would never accept academic terms, and perhaps they're right. But I thought maybe Reddit could handle being pushed out of their comfort zone so that we could have higher level discussions."
0	Maybe he took his Rush Hour money and is living the good life. There are people who realize when they have enough money to live the rest of their life unbelievably comfortably
0	Never heard of Shakes the Clown.  From this it appears more silly than brilliant.  However, once I noticed that Bobcat Goldthwait wrote it I added it to my queue.  I remember him as a spastic in the 80's but I recently saw World's Greatest Dad and was blown away.  Such a brilliant movie.  I'm now interested in anything he has written or directed.
0	You are the one that is wrong, wrong, and wrong.
0	The only thing not in the trailer was that the participants don't like the government that did this to them, and if that comes as any sort of surprise, get your pulse checked.
0	The special features for the Blu Ray are still unknown. As a HUGE HUGE HUGE HUGE fan of the film, I really hope they put SOMETHING on there. The DVD was so naked it hurt, and the story behind the making of the film is AMAZING
0	Seriously people, why the downvote? This isn't r/circlejerk. tribalspoon's comment isn't a bad comment so please don't downvote just because you don't like the films.
0	Or he read Watchmen to death, like I did.
0	As do I.
0	A Pokemon MMORPG would be the most amazing thing ever.
0	Loved it too, but I can see how general audiences wouldn't dig it.
0	Sequel != remake.
0	I used to hate westerns too.  Then I was watching one and it clicked in my brain that it's like backdated sci-fi, and somehow I like them now.  Rather than 'old timey' it feels much more engaging as stories told through the idiom of their era's technology level.  Weird how fickle our brains are, I guess.
0	Whoever picked that song for that trailer deserves an Oscar, imho.  That trailer turned me on and made me go see the movie despite it being crappy converted 3D.  I wonder if the same guy did the trailer for Ghost Protocol (with the Eminem song) because that trailer is just as awesomely suited to its song...
0	Agreed, but the Happening wasn't campy. It was Shmamamalam trying to make a serious movie, then it was advertised as the first r rated movie by this whiz director. Give me Mars Attacks! anytime for campy, Tim Burton does it right.
0	That scene redeemed the entire movie for me. I thought most of what came before was fairly meh, and most of what came after. But one needs both of them for that scene to work well. And holy shit does that scene work!
0	Yes, First Class is just the rewritten MAGNETO origin script.
0	These are Asylum films.  That's what they do.
0	I slow down for train wrecks, sure.
0	I guess that's something that was significantly changed in the American version, where the young boy (can't remember) finds a picture of her when he was much younger.
1	I think you mean Andy Samberg
0	I think all of the blur and disorientation was intentional because when Cappa is talking about the payload earlier in the film, he talks about how when it spirals towards the sun, gravity will warp space and time so much that they have no idea what will happen.  The crazy camera techniques make it all that more intense and confusing IMO.  (if thats the part you were talking about)
0	Why?
1	Yes, what cinema is *clearly* lacking right now is a sufficient number of torture porn movies.
0	You forgot a group: people who would buy it on a whim if there was no pirating option.
0	what service is that?
0	*hint* smoke a joint first.
0	In Irreversible, the subway rape scene where an unknown figure walks in behind them, out of focus, and backs slowly away. So dark.
0	It's on Netflix :D
0	By strict definition, communion *is* cannibalism. The Eucharistic is literally the flesh of Christ.
0	When Michael Caine gets loud he gets **very loud indeed**.
0	Ha, nice thats pretty crazy.
0	Omg, I looked up billy zane on wiki and totally skipped past that, thanks alot.
0	i fed up wid dis worled
1	The fact also that he extrapolates all this from two two minute trailers is astounding.
0	Well there's plenty of 60fps footage around lol.
1	How the hell would one go about orking a cow?
0	Good on you!
0	"They are no longer the ""Knights Who Say, Ni!""  They are now the ""Knights Who Say, Ekke Ekke Ekke Ekke Ptang Zooop Boing and Zowington."""
0	Infernal Affairs, the movie this is based on, I think the bad guy lives even though the psychiatrist outs him.
0	It's funny, I had a friend who saw it and told me it sucked, then he started describing it and it sounded awesome.  When I went to see it, it exceeded expectations.  I think someone's enjoyment of this movie comes down to how much they like Barker-esque horror.  It also cheeses me that we will likely never get the director's cut.  The movie had to be trimmed repeatedly for gore.
1	EPIC CAM OF TRAILER IN TEATER IS EPIC GUYZ
0	it fits the mold, swords, ranged weapons, little people.
0	I just hadn't heard anyone but a few critics say they liked it.  It seems I was wrong.
0	I only wish this would be voted to the top... alas, it seems the majority of Redditors were more interested in Drive.
1	TIL Indiana Jones and Han Solo were acted by the same man.
0	"What gave you that idea? It can't be the fact that Bane is known as ""the man who broke the Bat"", snapping his spine across his knee. Its not hard to assume that Nolan will take it a step further."
1	This is the one with Daniel Day Louis right?
0	never bite the hand that feeds you, he always can do art movies on the side while being paid handsomely by the more pop movies he does.
0	Why not? A remake of a great movie, even a terrible remake, does no harm to the original.
0	If someone didn't get it, then they wouldn't really know it, would they?
0	well you can forget to write a script for one
0	So a Michael Bay movie.
0	Unless it stars Arnold Schwarzenegger and Sinbad.
0	it's also been over 50 years since the books were written... How does this change anything?
1	That's not a movie, it doesn't count.
0	Might as well play the entire damn movie.
0	"All that effort to correct the OP and you didn't bother to address the use of ""should of"" instead of ""should have""?"
0	I don't think No Country For Old Men robbed it of the Oscar, they both were masterpieces.
0	That's actually a pretty brilliant way to re-introduce unpredictability back into the horror genre.  If you make the whole cast black, then no one will automatically know who's going to die first.
1	I bet my three year old daughter would love it.
0	Whats fucked up though is the people who watch that channel believe what they are being told.
1	WELL IT'S TRUE!
0	A shame they didn't mention Devil's Tower, WY from Close Encounters of the Third Kind. I'm surprised it hadn't been mentioned here in the comments either.
0	If Rosewell was anything more than a top secret test plane crashing, Russian or American, I would be genuinely surprised.
0	That probably means you didn't get it.
0	Thank you. I mean, thank thou.
0	The Brandon Lee school of method acting, to be precise.
0	Lincoln was fuckin hideous.
0	I often think that if I had a child, I would most certainly try to train them to become some kind of globetrotting badass. If it doesn't happen, I failed as a father.
0	Hugh Jackman's Wolverine!
1	Steam killed game piracy. didn't you notice?
0	"Interesting thought. Jared Leto did that for his role as Mark David Chapman in ""Chapter 27."" Reading about how he had to gain all that weight makes you want to throw up a little, though. His diet consisted of stuff like ice cream mixed with soy sauce. Nope.png"
0	I can only see three in this list that I'll bother watching, ever - so I'm left wondering....would all these pirates have paid money to see the likes of Johnny English Reborn? I mean, that's what a lot of the piracy estimates are based on, right?
0	A dark film, set in the big city, about a strong but lonely and reserved protagonist, who meets an attractive woman, only bringing more trouble into his life. Revenge, and guns, and dark alleys.
0	It's not that he just stars in good films, the three characters mentioned are very different, with mannerisms and personalities.
0	I disagree with that, Munich was a mature Spielberg movie along the lines of Saving Private Ryan. War of the Worlds was also well directed.
1	*But then Voldemort would constantly attack them over the next 6 years of Harry's schooling!*
0	"Monster Squad. ""Wolfman's got nads!"""
0	I too am of the dark brown persuasion and this review was spot on.  Black American not African-American, so fucking right.
0	"Ugh... yes. I rewatched it and was yelling at the TV the entire time. ""I wish for another step. And another one. And another one."" Fucking kid wasted like 80 wishes when he coulda just said ""I wish I had a ladder to the top."" Psh... amateur."
0	Wife and I tuned into it around the middle (vacation scenes) and were confused until we realized James Caan was a ghost. I was amazed that the man can tap dance pretty well.
0	Don't even waste your time on someone so blatantly retarded.
0	No, but neither is Michael Caine's character. He's a professor at some university!
0	I wonder how Tarantino would work out a prequel now that David Carradine is dead.
1	That can't be right, only Americans would display such an utter lack of culture!
0	You mean judeo-christian?
1	That'll teach you to not like a bunch of movies!
0	He said knowingly!
0	You are just playing with semantics. It is still theft of their IP.
1	Things like this make me so happy that us Canadians removed the per-vote subsidy model of campaign funding.  Why would you want anything other than private corporations funding a campaign? They'd never abuse that.
0	That's a ruff thing to say.
0	He stopped?
0	1969 version or 2010 version?
0	Reservoir Dogs
1	This is why you don't have a girlfriend, miserable asshole!
0	I guess they were all out of bubblegum.  Let's hope they don't forget to kick ass.
1	Wow, David Fincher fans in a subreddit dedicated to movies?????????
0	Shut up, commie! :)
0	More of a campy horror. Not as comedic as Army of Darkness, but more so than Evil Dead 1.
0	3D conversion will make people look like cutouts instead of realistic 3D though.
0	"I never said I disliked the movie I just know that it sucked it up big time at the box office. I thought it did a great job considering the source material. I felt like it pulled off being a live action cartoon perfectly. The style, the cinematography, and acting was all in line with that. Though it was on the long side. I just feel like critics and even audiences weren't expecting that or didn't want it. I think the studio was probably expecting something more in line with Transformers or GI Joe; you know taking a kids' property and sexing it up a bit and throwing some ""grit"" into it."
1	Cause who doesn't want to see that??
0	The Aviator is my favorite Scorsese film and one of my favorite films all together.  Love his performance along with the many other great ones in the movie.
0	I didn't need the funky drumbeats, to be honest.
0	the Tron 2 DVD switches between aspect ratios.  TDK 2 disc DVD allows you to watch the Imax scenes separately in the correct ratio IIRC, but they're tucked away on the second disc.
0	That would be cool if it's like a white trash Superman and that's him showing up on Earth as a baby.
0	Naked Gun
1	Well obviously after the incredible success and brlliance of his Alice and Wonderland film, this will be incredible!
0	This was my first RDJ movie.
0	Oh yeah! Thanks, that was a pretty good short.
0	The Adventures of Baron Munchausen... the part with robin williams terrified me for some reason
0	I don't think I ever knew how to run full-tilt. Sounds like something they'd do in a V8 commercial.
0	'Big things.'  Pff.  Biggest thing in this town is probably the homecoming queennNN**OHMY*****GOD!***
0	Mhm.  Tell us how you really feel.
0	Awesome shot, shitty movie.
0	Beautiful movie that got worse as it progressed.
0	To convert the dying, promote her religion all without doing much to ease their pain and suffering. Her reputation gave access to publicity and money which she used to make more places where terminal people could come to die instead of actually making a hospital or something equally useful.
0	That's it! You are amazing. Have an upvote.
0	What? Those weren't Matt Damon's real abs?!? I WANT MY MONEY BACK.
0	i can see the steelbook of Drive with just the scorpion logo and the title. steelbooks usually have the best covers since they're catered to fans/collectors.
0	I'd say it is more akin to 1984, except with more action scenes.
0	I've seen the first episode of Lillyhammer and it was alright. House of Cards looks like it could be good, and of course AD will be. However, I would much rather they stick to what they do now, and just sprinkle in several new series throughout.
0	Considering how awesome the Ghostbusters video game was, I want another movie.
0	Been there, so I guess I'll be taking my place right where I am. Interestingly, even then, I knew there were more alternatives than dying or going to school the next day and coped just fine, but I might be exceptional.
0	Its a good karma hitter
0	"Please stop ""fixing"" shit everyone.  Please."
0	Academy Awards ... you mean that staged show where the industry rewards *itself* ?
1	Yeah, WTF!?  It's not like he built Pixar or something.
0	I thought it was Sheila E
0	Is this legal?
0	On the set of Bonnie and Clyde she got so skinny that the crew called her 'Fadin' Away'
0	yes. You slip into it. I made my cast rhyme in rehearsals. They hated me. But it helps SO MUCH
0	so pretty much any kung fu movie
0	Cars was his baby, of course he loves it.
0	Passive aggressive much?
1	OUT OF HERE YOU DINOSAUR! HOW DARE YOU EXPECT I PAY FOR THINGS! THE INTERNET SHOULD BE FREE! FREEEEE!
0	Where do you live, the moon?
0	No, the original black and white one. That was the remake.
0	Good point
0	Nope, it was based in like, the 1920's.
0	In which way were the 80's and 00's more special than the 90's?
1	what one with aliens?
0	spoiler? lol?
0	"It'll probably be the cast from ""The Big Gang Theory"""
0	I worked at a movie theater that was also a restaurant and because of the clientele this movie attracted we would call it Tipkeeper.
0	Me, Myself, and Irene? Something with a long title at least.
0	Dear Dan Aykroyd: If you must make a Ghostbusters sequel but can't get Bill Murray to play Venkman DON'T MAKE THE MOVIE!!
1	Phantom Menace. Crystal Skull. Sequels to adventure movies that haven't had an installment since the 80s just turn out great, don't they?
0	"Nope, you're wrong. I love the taste of certain beers, but I hate ""drinking"" and drunks."
0	I kinda dislike these sort of celebrity utterings, even if made in a lighthearted fashion. They need to acknowledge the incredible fortune that allowed them to do something they love day in and out. The vast majority of people will be lacking one or two vital ingredients of the rather complicated mixture of factors that go into achieving a dream like that, but most of all it comes down to luck. Those of us who aren't so lucky have to knuckle down, suck it up, take a realistic boring job and try to enjoy the other parts of our lives that aren't work. Cleese would have done the same no doubt so no need for his hyperbole about suicide.
0	It looks like Twilight has obscured your judgement of U.S. Presidents killing mother fucking vampires.
0	Cool World was much better
0	first thing's first, I gotta fix your spell-check
0	Wow, I never realized that, nice find!
1	And I'm sure Twilight's target audience are the ones voting on imdb.
0	Dad?
0	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
0	His best work is in DOOM
0	Yeah it's hilarious that movies only started using waterboarding when it became a permanent fixture in public debates over America's counter terrorism policy.
0	I've always known her as the girl from Corrina, Corrina. She was also in Big Love.
0	Spaceballs: Fuck! Even in the future nothing works!
0	If you don't know what a walk is, you'll miss a great joke.
0	Yes.
0	TIL the entirety of a film can be judged by a bullet-point summary of major plot points.
0	Absolutely, yes.
0	Lord Shen! FUCK! That badass menacing voice was his!?
1	Yep doesn't matter how many people hear about an incident that occurred on the Internet, it doesn't count unless it is on old media .... in the bizarro world that Wikipedia editors occupy.
0	THIS ADVERTISEMENT MARKETED TOWARDS CHILDREN OFFENDS ME AS A GROWN MAN
1	Can't wait to watch TDKR in slow-motion just so I can understand what really happened in the movie!!1!!11
0	"Ha imagine that south park episode *Hell on Earth* where Satan has that halloween party saying no one is allowed to dress as The Crow. Well The Joker is the ""new"" Crow."
0	"Yeah except ""It's the opposite of all the movies you think it's like from your description. As far as I can remember the trailer gave off a far better impression than to be seen of a similar ilk to a Statham movie."" sort of lend itself to saying the synopsis' are lying/wrong."
1	But he makes great movies! That totally justifies him committing rape and violating a minor! The legal actions against him are just a witch hunt!
0	BING!
0	Did this come out before breaker high?!?
0	You are a dumb construction worker stereotype?  Stop it, you!
0	That was a solid read!
0	I am thinking of starting a site like reddit with a strict truth in titling rule and a must research original source rule, I don't think it will be as popular but I hate having to click on stuff before being able to tell what it is about.
0	That's just, like, your opinion, man.
1	"Yeah, totally didn't expect Danny Devito to be above 5'9"""
0	Liam Neeson is only in 1 Star Wars movie.
0	"Those curmudgeons :). I disagree with the commenter's assertions that a trailer ought to spell out a movie, and that CGI is *inherently* bad (yes, I greatly prefer visual effects, though there is a place for CGI that doesn't hit you over the head). Anyway, better to get a ""feel"" for the movie through the trailer and then go into the film without any expectations - all of my best movie experiences have been along those lines. I went into Inception nearly blind to the plot, though the trailer confirmed my expectations that the film would be visually inventive."
1	this is the best advertising money can buy~
1	I love it when people give a DOWN vote but won't take a moment to explain why with a comment. Smacks of responsibility.
0	What makes a rating system inherently good?
1	Is there a movie version of the article that I can watch?
0	It's as if he aged or something!
0	that's why the poll is in there, because we're interested to see where people agree/disagree. What's your top 5?
0	that's how I feel about Alex Proyas
0	Indeed. The MPAA has gone too far on so many fronts. The theater chain would also need to get involved in this. Unrated films = many won't show the movie.
0	I thought of that, but Fellowship was too much of a set-up for Two Towers and Return. While it was certainly a very full story, viewing it on its own would certainly leave a taste for more in anyone's mouth.
0	Originally, though, it was going to be comprised of 3 or 4 Stooges shorts filmed in black and white set during the original era. When I first heard this and learned who was attached (at the time it was Sean Penn, Jim Carrey, and Benencio del Toro), I almost shat my pants in excitement. Then every one dropped out and the Farrelly brothers turned it to shit.
0	Too much glitter and sparkles to cram into one movie.
1	You have such feminine hands!
0	But aren't booze and drugs just a teensy weensy bit more addictive than movies?
1	Obviously you are already consuming a certain base level quantity of media. You are American aren't you? Well then you damn well better pay for it!
0	lol thats fine. Now there can be ONE price I don't pay. Haven't gone to a cinema in years, don't don't miss the experience.
1	Wow!  That is surprising!
0	The article totally ignores the fact that 'The Hunger Games' actually has sociopolitical relevance to the current state of our world.  Whereas 'Twilight' is just a bunch of fantasy bullshit with zero relevance to the real world.
1	I don't remember that old guy on the left in the cast.
0	Plug the 4chan leak.
0	...These are isotopes.
0	Not that you care, but that movie is pretty underrated- or maybe it's just hated on by people I know. One of my favorites, probably makes top ten.
0	Michael Bay is a money hungry moron.
1	I don't know. I mean Disney has a computer where they just press a button, and out pops a film. That's how it works, right guys?
0	So... is Michael Bay the American version of Uwe Boll?
0	Maybe he can get his corneas scratched up too...
0	In the dark horse comics they refer to it as a 'pilot'. Non-canon though.
0	MPAA is total bullshit, nothing new to see here.
0	Transformers was not some deep intellectual piece of work. It was an ad for toys. The films did represent what the cartoon was about.
0	All of them.
0	why would it be that..?
0	They're using Elijah Wood's image without permission.  They're also using other movie stills in the restaurant and the menu.  Also they're using the images for marketing purposes. If they were just using their own artwork and the character names then they would have a simple argument.  Using the film stills is clear infringement.
0	ahh now it makes sense. Robin Sparkles her heroine alter ego.
0	I'm sure the Donkey role from the Shrek movies was a good payday, but the movies he is actually in are just all around turds.
0	Solapanas.
0	Seriously where is the GRRM love?
0	That movie is the representation of loneliness and isolation that I've ever seen on film.
0	I like it, but not as much as I thought I would. Although, the scene where he gets his adamantium skeleton and jumps out of the water screaming was amazing.
0	I'd give you a 32.33 - repeating of course - chance of being correct
0	Haha, noooo. No I do not!
0	They don't represent anything from the actual fucking movie, that's for sure.
0	Emotions could very well be an emergent behavior from something designed to think and learn.
1	That is the first time someone has tagged my name, I'm honored.
1	Because everyone knows, the best parties are where the place and everything else gets trashed.
0	80's really, but it's all good.
0	saving for the morning.
0	Office Space, you monsters!
0	Children can be deep.
0	still better than the Star Wars prequels.
0	The only other AMC show that immediately comes to mind are the pre-Winnebago shows Mad Men and Hell of Wheels.
0	Did people really expect something more than this from a high school party movie?
0	I think his point is that they are both awesome.
0	The day after my birthday.  Note to self: Say that the 26th is my birthday this year.
0	"Ofcourse not! I'm just saying we don't have the same ""Blacks working in cottonfields""-stereotype, but I'd be stupid if I claimed we never had slavery or had any part in it"
0	i should really read shit before i click on it
0	My first thought too.
0	Is this the biggest one there is?
1	LOLOLOLOLOLOL, THIS TOTALLY WARRANTED IT'S OWN THREAD!!!!!!
0	What a horrible idea it is to make a sequel to that movie.  I cannot imagine a human male that would initiate the decision to watch this new one.
0	That's what you get when you put a foreigner giant into a role that is supposed to be an average sized All-American.
1	Unless it used to be a bank, not interested.
0	Holy Shit, I've never wanted a garage so badly in my entire life.
0	LED and LCD are two completely different technologies.
1	As a Jets fan, it is a relief to see Rex Ryan make a cameo in a movie instead of figuring out how to make the Jets a winning team.
0	Ripping on the trailers is half the fun. I've never heard of anyone being upset about talking during the trailers, unless it's a world-reveal that people came to see specifically.
0	"And because Dreamworks trots out that ""misfit who disappoints their family in some way makes a mistake and screws things up before presumably solving everything and earning their trust at the last second"" plot?"
0	Right, it's everyone else who has a narrow view of things. LOL
0	I must say, I like the look that destroyer took in this movie.
1	Hey guys, what about AvP!!! AMAZING
1	Agreed with you until you had to get all snobby and drag nationality into it. Judging an entire country's population is not cool and only something I'd expect from an uncouth Australian.
0	Wasn't Woody Allen *married* to Mia Farrow?  Kinda like how Tim Burton always uses Helena Bonham Carter because they are a thing.
0	Haha. Screw those people. Laugh it up!
0	Were you watching Wallace and Gromit on Cartoon Network today?
1	Well, i don't have a cellar and my Warhammer army is elves, so HAHA!
0	It's hard for me to tell if that reaction was genuine or not, because, you know, you are an actor.
0	He did in the first Silent Hill movie
0	Yup, lives in Fair Oaks. My friend's grandparents are neighbors of his.
0	I'll give you one reason: built-in audience.
0	George Washington: Redcoat Hunter!!!
0	Can I just get Michael Fassbender's voice in my ear all the time?
0	I re-watch this film on a regular basis. So, no.
0	I don't know what the other moderators think about those, but I don't think they're that bad. Not all of them make the frontpage and those that do provoke good discussions around their works.
0	It's one of those movies that I watched hundreds of times as a wee child and cannot recall one single scene to save my life. I'm 19.
0	You realise that the Spider-man movies are made by Sony. Marvel sold the rights before they created their own studios. You can't blame them for how that movie turned out. I would bet big money on a Marvel made Spidey flick being awesome.
0	"Ironically, this is a much better movie than ""The Room""."
0	What a wonderful movie, manly tears were shed again.
0	Between things like this, and trailers these days, we end up seeing more than half the movie... :/
1	But what about all those lost DVD and Bluray sales for those who are able to view it free online?!
0	I thought we were trying to get rid of stuff like this?
0	"I would like to see those Aussies come up with a movie as awesome as ""black sheep"""
0	I'm watching it on Netflix right now.
1	Oh thank God! If Kid Cudi says it will be good, I have nothing to worry about!
0	That wasn't exactly driven only by dialogue though. :)
0	Lets all stop Cronenberging right now, this is getting out of hand and very very creepy.
0	Amazon Prime also offers Amazon's video streaming unless you use the student discount
0	"The ""mystery goo"" in that ranger shake was was your brother's revenge for jerking off to his wife's panties."
0	Not nearly as good as Magnolia Kombat, though.
0	"There's even an older Dreamworks that did 2d animation...which I loved! Humbug! Those were the good ol' days...then the ugly 3d phase (or let's copy Pixar days), and the slightly less ugly 3d phase we're experiencing today. I personally don't think they, ""got it"" yet, but I think they're close. The lighting and animation is still not as good as it could be, and the stories are still kind of meaningless. It's definitely getting better an better after each step, and How to Train your Dragon was DEFINITELY a solid movie. I'm definitely going to check this one out."
0	For some reason, I find this all too funny. I giggled for a solid minute. Out loud.
0	It reminded me a lot of No Country for Old Men. My God, you could cut the tension in that movie with a butter knife.
0	Isn't that the point of a synopsis? To help one make the decision to see it or not?
0	GAW HUH HUH HAH HUH
1	Huh, I hadn't noticed.
0	Hmmm. Check that your spark plugs and wires are all seated tightly and that your gas cap is screwed down. Other then that no idea :( .
0	I was 5 and my dad took me.  He covered my eyes when the TRex came and I got pissed and knocked his hand away because I didn't want to miss anyone getting eaten.
0	Thank you, now I wish they would come out with some movies that are shot at a higher Frames-Per-Second (FPS) rate. The current 24 PFS is soooo 2000s I want to see movies at 60 FPS, I hear they are supposed to be incredible, like a window to another world.
0	Holy shit.
0	It's not a spoiler... or is it?
0	Followed by Big O.
0	At least he's a winner at something.
0	It took you that long to realize? I knew it was a joke the second I read the OP's title because I knew Abrams would never do that.
0	Oh man, I love that movie!  If you haven't read the book, you should.  The book and movie are different enough stories to be awesome on their own merits, but if you enjoyed the ideas and themes of the movie, I think you'd really enjoy the book.
0	He won a lot more than that but much of it was fabricated in order to create the perfect shill for the war effort.  Do you think it's a coincidence that he was such a baby-faced, wholesome and handsome young man.  He was probably a brave and true soldier but his public face was meticulously cultivated to be a (then) modern-day folk legend.
0	I shall see it now.
0	Bittorrent is your friend. Go see it in the cinema after.
0	I wasn't implying that at all.
1	Yeah, remember when that queer guy played the joker?! I knew that movie was gonna suck
0	Touche!
1	10 minutes of intro fish head is totally scary to the people who didn't see it in 3D.
0	As someone who worked at an IMAX turned LieMAX, we hung a curtain and installed those shitty 2K projectors. Word of advice, it's not worth it. Find a real IMAX.
0	Euro Trip is Matt Damon's best movie.
0	I am honestly very surprised that this conversation is so far down on the page.
0	Not that I'd complain.
0	*sit on my face.*
0	Nice idea, but Cohen's explicitly described as being somewhat on the scrawny side.
0	We could Seinfeld Vision Gay Perry like on 30 Rock and insert him into all good primetime shows and classic films.
0	You never know. I went to the movies with my now Ex's family. They decided to go see Finding Neverland. They said it was about the guy that wrote Peter Pan. I was pleasantly surprised. Nearly the same thing happened with The World's Fastest Indian as well.
0	When is he NOT great???
0	Let's be honest. 99% of male heterosexual redditors would go gay for Nathan Fillion.
1	Totally. This is why they pushed back Cabin In The Woods one year for 3-D conversion.
0	Duh! It's just a really dumb joke. You come off sounding like a stupid whiny child.
0	"Yeah, except that happens with every canned sound effect ever. Like ""children laughing"" or any bodily noise like a fart or belch. The Wilhelm Scream is the least of your problems, may as well go with what's considered a fun easter egg to most."
0	I want to see the villians from Maximum Carnage (Carnage, Shriek, Doppleganger Spiderman, Demogoblin and Carrion) in a movie. Would have to be an R rated Spiderman though so quite unlikely.
0	I also wrote Nature, it was Life.
0	Definitely not the former so it's probably the latter. I was just speaking with one of my old classmates about TGG the other day and we agreed that we should probably give the book another chance. He read it and disliked it in high school and I probably only managed to read 10 pages before I gave up and serendipity bestowed upon me a made for tv movie :P The movie was quite good from what I can remember. I'm sure I still have my vhs recording of it somewhere.
0	I'm interested to see if the adaptation of The Host (a Stephenie Meyer book) will turn out any better than the Twilight series. Having read both, the material is certainly better and goes for a slightly older, more mature fanbase. I hope they expand a little on the sci-fi elements of the novel, they were fairly promising.
0	Ugh, the Twilight hate is getting out of control. We get it that its bad, but  now it just seems like the thing to do. I'd like to move on personally.
0	I wouldn't say I was expecting greatness, but I expected better from the Clash of the Titans remake.
0	Yeah, that is truly magic. Looking at the final product, one wouldn't realize it was made of styrofoam. Or at least, that is what I think it looks like. Anyone knowledgeable in the process in OP's pic? What materials did they use?
1	Wow!  15?  That's not rare at all!
1	That's surprising!
0	This poster perfectly communicates what a rancid piece of shit this film will be.
0	The movie sure did look pretty but I found it to be kind of boring with really cliche dialogue.
0	he's a hero.   thats why the ending is so painful.   he's a psycho that got a hero's welcome.  The people don't know the truth.
1	Yes, Jackie Chan, the world wasn't too violent throughout your entire career of misguided acting attempts until you decided you were too old for it. That's right.
1	Because he's renowned for showing boobs.
0	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
0	I'm still waiting for Werewolf Women of the SS staring Nicolas Cage as Fu Manchu.
1	Yeah, I noticed that, but thought it was too obvious to point out.
0	I would like to point out that the star wars films is based hundereds of thousands of years after space travel became the norm. Its kinda understandable for the Galactic Republic to have a universal language used by most of its citizens.
0	Preferably Steven Seagal.
0	In one of the F4 movies his hair was like an eighth of an inch long anyway
0	The Machinist.
0	I'm not a huge fan to be honest.
1	Woo censorship. Gotta love censorship.
0	And genius level intellect.
1	That's surprising
1	You can tell he's bad because he has black hair which is the start of my new petition to stop black haired people always being seen as evil.
0	and apparently downvote those who don't share it or make light of it.
0	Possibly both?
0	Unfortunately Candyland is going to be a movie with Adam Sandler. Not lying.
0	Awesome scene, straight from the book.
0	i seriously forgot about that until you said that. do you think it actually gained converts to their religion?
0	It's not like any idiot can just open up aftereffects and click on explode.
1	This is great!!!! The only reason I ever pirated in the first place is because I never had enough time to read the entire FBI warning!!! Now I can do that!!!
0	Yep.
0	His job's pretty stressful.
0	21 Jump Street is good, and Haywire is half-decent.
0	My father once sold FFC a Citroen limousine.
0	I remember being really excited when I first he was going to play the Hulk, especially after his little incident involving allegedly being place on the terror advisory list for his position on Fracking. This is a man who can understand what it's like to be on the wrong side of the law while trying to do the right thing. Just something to add to his very solid acting.
0	The fact that it's fake removes anything about this that makes it submittable or upvote-worthy at all.
0	Saving this link. For Science!
0	In Titanic, Jack tries to get on it, it starts to sink, so he gets off.  It's not a matter of space, but of balance and buoyancy.
0	Yes, having fun doing something you enjoy is a sad waste of time.
0	Pfft, no way. He looks like *just* the kind of guy my teenage self would develop a huge, secret crush on but never approach because he's mysterious and bad-ass.
0	Alright, see you later then?
0	Not at all. Walk up to 10 random people on the street and ask them if they heard of the movie, maybe 1 will say yes.
0	No, Hulk Smash is iconic. Its as Iconic as the Unibeam on Iron Man. or thor shooting lightning, or Cap throwing his shield.
0	Our ideas regarding proper handgun stance and firearms in general have changed quite a bit in 41 years.
0	black widow. thanks, edited.
1	How nice of you to get your priorities straight, MPAA.
0	"Do comics count? Because I'd love to see a movie adaptation of ""Reid Fleming, World's Toughest Milkman""."
0	Neither opened that big.. they just had incredible legs.
1	No, but imagine how much money they could make if it wasn't for those damn pirates! The Avengers could have doubled the world GDP!
0	Speaking of Canadian, good on you, Scherbatsky.
1	I weep for the declining film industry. I can now see why it is so important to stop the pirates - please, take my liberties away to save this poor industry!
0	Really the best answer possible, though the actual collapse was more fleshed out in the bool iirc
0	***BUT IT WAS SO GREAT***
0	What? How does that even work?
0	What?
0	Having Whedon behind this definitely got me excited to go see it, and from the characters' rapport, I don't think Michael Bay could have come anywhere close to making as good of a movie.
0	What I took from it is that if he chooses to become the Hulk he can control it, but if he is provoked inti becoming the Hulk he can't.
0	That is quite an idea. Watching 2 and 3 is like an extended flashback.
0	"I just watched it for the first time last night and I thought he did really well.  The main villain was kind of a shallow buildup to a quick rise in action.  I felt like that was what made it a ""meh"" movie."
0	Old dudes kill lots of people.
0	"""Well I'll believe that when me shit turns purple and smells of rainbow sherbet"""
0	He seems bored. I'd be bored too. This guy has seen every superhero movie that's come out since 1968. Poor guy.
1	Because Sex Bob-Omb's music is perfect in every way.
0	ok, then I'll point out that there is not a single James Bond Movie on the list. A series going for 50 years and big in pop culture. At least Goldfinger should be on the list.
0	Shit, that is a hard decision to make.
0	I am glad she can have a positive spin on that movie. None of the actors, despite how bad the acting was, deserve any flak for that beautiful train wreck of a movie.
0	I also want to add Bennett Miller and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
0	well i think he was dead of old age by the time batman beyond started
1	True, it is not the centre... It is the center, commie.
0	"We call them ""sound designers""."
1	hey man he's making ninja turtles man! You could never do what he's done man. He's worked with talented people like Megan fox and Shia labeouf and he's the best moviemaker in the world!
0	For the implementation of t9 my phone used, I could just hit space (0 or # or whatnot) and it would complete the word. It was just 22222# to type cabbage, which is why I incorporated it into as many text messages as I could.
0	I have zero faith in this movie
0	Renting a classic film reel is much cheaper than renting a new-release film reel.
0	"""ARRRGGGH NOT THE BEES"" and ""What's in the bag, shark or something?"" is fucking hilarious"
0	Never realized Smoochy was received so poorly, I thought it was amazing.
0	I was surprised too.  I was sure that it would be a steaming pile of shit, but apparently not.
0	"""Crom!"""
0	I was optimistic about this, but I'm happier that PJ is back behind the reigns.
0	Katsuhiro Otomo did his damned best to fit as much of his Akira manga into a film adaptation as possible, but now that he's a much larger name, I think he could possibly get the proper funds to make multiple films encompassing the entire 2,000+ page manga.
0	Britney Spears = Presbyterians
0	An irrelevant change really.
0	Yeah, if we're going to kill someone, lets kill Katie Holmes or Kirsten Dunst.. and then after they die just never mention their character (Lois) again.
0	That is... *precious*.
0	I almost never get concession food anymore. I'd pay a little more for this experience as it seems much more enjoyable.
0	I WANT THAT JOB
1	yeah and people shouldn't complain about iPads being used in the theater just because it's bright/distracting, since the movie screen is bigger you can still see the movie's picture just fine
0	Have you tried that stupid DBox shit yet?  It's like someone is kicking your seat for the *whole movie*.
1	I guess that's it then. Typically we get a small popcorn and a medium soda at the movies, but I guess we're abnormal.
0	That jack thing is genius.
0	"In film school studying storytelling &amp; screenwriting, we were always told to abstain from ""and it was all just a dream"" type stories, where everything happening turns out to not happen in the film's reality, but this film does it while still somehow working. It's rare that a mystery/thriller works well that adheres to this concept, but the deception is grand, and somehow even at the end you're not sure who you can trust. Michael Douglas is a master of drama and suspense, and I don't think this would've worked nearly as well without him."
0	Scott Pilgrim
0	What was original about the storyline? It was every Jason Statham movie ever just with more staring and awkward silence.
0	Very much a once and done film, good like sixth sense the first time thru then its petty much spoiled every other time you try to watch it.
0	"the marketing for this movie was unbelievably bad, the ads did an absolute terrible job of showing me what i was i store for. This movie was actually pretty good, but the title ""John Carter""..... theres nothing in there that makes me want to see that movie. The advertisers need to be shot, they ruined whatever chance this movie had to make any money."
0	If they had the same exact DNA, why is one paper white and like 13 feet tall and the others different? Even the 100% match makes no sense since it would mean the Engineer has the same DNA as whoever donated for the futures genome project to compare to. You and I and your mother for instance are only a 99.99...% match.
0	Really? I thought the ending was really good. It leaves you to wonder about the soundness of Patrick's mind, and how much of his inner self is starting to seep through. The whole kill everything that moves bit was a bit much, but the part where he calls the lawyer was excellent.
0	"Only the dead ones. It was the ""living"" ones that started to recreate a society."
0	Its like when jackie chan fought don cheadle in the classic movie Rush Hour. They were trained in the same style and predicted each others moves.
0	I bet you I could throw them poles of them mountains!
0	Loved it. I thought the ending was very poignant.
0	No toppings arranged in bat logo?  Disappointing.
0	I appreciate the work, and though people seem to keep busting your balls about how 'difficult' it is to follow, I find that one of its best characteristics - it's clever as hell to make the explanatory poster about a non-linearly developed story similarly confusing at first glance.
0	Wow never even realized that TMR had sequels.
0	I'm sure if everyone saw it on dvd, on a laptop their opinions would be vastly different.
0	I realize this is just for fun, but there are far more musicians and supermodels branching into movies.
0	Shut up, mom.
0	Well the marketing certainly made it out to look pretty damn good, hopefully the movie will follow suit.
0	Take 2. Action.
1	They both have humans and spaceships in the movie. Hence, same universe.
0	Taken 2: The Takening
0	No they didn't :( they really should of
0	1408 maybe?  Its not the best horror film I've ever seen, but it has some pretty creepy parts and jump scares, and John Cusack does an amazing job considering he's the only actor in over half the movie.
0	Allah Ackbar!
0	because its a gem they found
0	Facebook is huge, but
0	Did they really change the movie? It seems like both of those clips are from the movie, top one coming a second earlier than the bottom one.
0	Well, that's fine and all. I can't exactly argue against whether you enjoyed it or not. I'm just saying the movie was poorly written.
1	yeah let's shut down all independent made films! hollywood is the way to go!
0	Not if you're generally critical of movies. If you just generally like watching movies and don't let little things bother you, then you'll probably love it.
1	OH! This will be awesome! Like Prince of Persia or Hitman!
0	"How is it that your spelling and sentence structure is fine but I still can't understand what you're saying? It's like....I....""and a protractor tenth of which tigers can enjoy,"" I don't understand that."
0	Back to the Future
0	"""Why Do We Fall?"" is everything I thought it would be"
0	"As low-class as it is, I laugh my **ass** off at ""Team America""."
0	Haven't seen yet, still waiting for a proper version to reach thepiratebay =(
0	The scene at the Grey Havens will always make me cry. I've watched it countless times and every time I tell myself that I can make it through without bawling. Nope.
0	"He started writing books. He wrote a memoir in 2005 called ""Kiss Me Like a Stranger: My Search for Love and Art"" and three novels in 2007, 2008, and 2010 called ""My French Whore,"" ""The Woman Who Wouldn't,"" and ""What is This Thing Called Love."""
1	SPOILERS!!!
0	Oh god, I still refuse to watch that movie. Watching Shadow trying to get out of the mud pit still makes me get teary eyed.
0	Not even close. All she needed to fix in the 90s were her eyebrows.
0	"Was going to mention this. The ATOR series is a landmine of ""so bad it's good-ness"" I'm so glad I stumbled onto it."
0	Better be on the bluray too and use branching tree tech like Avatar so both versions can be on the same disc without having to make 2 separate encodes that would then take up 2x the space
0	So like, I can use you in my comment?
0	I'm thinking your Shia Leboeuf is actually Noah Wylie.
0	Yeah, it gets plenty of hate, but I personally adore it.  The visuals, the soundtrack, and the complexity of the story really move me.
1	But but but my torrent with sound coming out of 2.1 unmixed computer speakers is the same quality I can get in theaters!!!
0	What do you mean?
0	Considering the first half of the movie was a phenomenal horror movie, and the second half tripped over itself, I'm completely okay with it. No one's forcing you to see them both. They're going to be two full length movies
0	Do you have any idea how big that screen is?
1	Protip: There is no space *protip*.
0	The movie told us the DNA was exactly the same, however.
1	Why is the same character on there 6 times?
0	downvotes.. awww.. poor you Cameron... the sun is not your friend.
0	The part was written for him, wasn't it? I'd count that.
0	I cannot think of a single good thing Matthew Lillard has been in.
0	Regardless, don't complain about downvotes. It will only get you more downvotes.
0	I saw it as the Monster inc of Video games but I like your comparison better
0	Dark City
1	I bet you were a jock at high school, you just don't understand what it's like to be non-comfortist, misunderstood and alternative.
1	Oh yay, another repost from a week ago. Great content, OP.
0	"people were like ""i dont think the layer cake guy is up to the job"" I was like ""I think the layer cake guy is the perfect guy for the job"""
0	Eh, this style doesn't work in this instance. I've seen the kind of fan-made movie posters that look like they were made by minimalist graphic designers, but it only works if you have one image on a large scale. These are too small and confusing. They don't look crisp. They look dinky and tacky.
0	Though not a director's cut, the assembly cut for Alien 3 is a much better film.
0	What's a toothed fork?
0	That worked on my old DVD player but now I have a blueray player (was playing a DVD) and it didn't work. So maybe it is Sony that I should hate.
0	Cook the man some fucking eggs!
0	He is definitely a brave, brave man for bringing Spiderman 3 into this discussion.
0	I really like how they all show where the wearer is looking; it creates a nice bunch of lines to draw the eye to the same thing they're all looking at in the photo.  Neat!
1	Last one, gloves dont match. Come ON!!!!
0	Don't finish it...just move on and preserve the memories.
0	"I guess he gave no fucks to ""you wouldn't download a car"""
1	Wait, what? Wasn't this posted with the **exact same fucking title yesterday?!** Oh wait, you added a KO... brilliant.
0	Not sure how speculation=spoilers.
0	Yeah!  They always jam up on me or don't fire.
0	Bitches love masks.
0	We already established that the League had inside men scattered throughout the stock exchange, and in Gotham society in general. It's not unbelievable that they could have smuggled the bikes in earlier that day and kept them in an underused storage area where they could be retrieved later.
0	Also the battle between the men of Dale and the dragon Smaug could and should be quite epic.
0	Damn, I can't wait for Cabin in the Woods to premiere! 2 more weeks!
0	Prometheus
0	Of course I can remember them, but not in any kind of detail. Not enough to satisfy the requirements of OP's question, certainly. I was exaggerating for effect.
0	It was good.  Not great, but good.
0	Yeah, I hope it's cool packaging like the Avengers package.
0	Both seem great I would not mind original dub as a DVD extra.
1	Dailymotion is awesome !!!
1	But you did say it was implausible that she figured out how to drive it. Are you implying she couldn't have figured out how to drive it because she's a WOMAN!? That's fucked up, man. Fucked up.
0	I believe it's from Torchwood.
0	Ms Marvel?
0	My god, the wheelers... *shudder*
0	I'll raise with 'Death Becomes Her'
0	It is laid out in the film, but a lot of people are being willfully blind to the obvious outcome of Blake becoming Batman, and are deciding to believe that he will instead be Robin or Nightwing regardless of the content of the film.
0	Well he sells weed at the beginning at least.
0	Shia *does* remind me of an e-thug.  Don't mess with him or he'll cuss you out on the internet.
0	Have you been in the Mill Plain one recently? Since they started building the Van Mall one, it seems like they haven't spent a penny on upkeep. The upholstery is really starting to show wear.
1	There's also Clop Clop. Can't thank my roommate enough for showing me that
0	Okay, so palisades can be a reference to walls. Could it not also be the name of a neighborhood?  The way he said it, it sounded like he was naming a neighborhood or part of town his mansion was in.  To me that makes more sense than him referring to the walls of his mansion.
0	I still hate Skyler White!
0	I liked the teasers for The Master more than the trailer. The trailer was excellent, but the music in the teasers just had so much tension.
1	I liked the mexican wrestler from Batman and robin better.
0	Oh, the power of song. Capable of bringing anyone to their knees sobbing, even LawBobLobLaw. :) Menken knows how to make us all cry like babies.
0	'Stank pussy smellin like cool ranch doritos' - Danny Brown
1	I think the circular bomb is an homage to Batman Forever, and the bomb that Two-Face brought to the circus.
0	Good shout actually yeah.
0	Don't look down, unless you like cynics and spoilers.
0	Where's Batman's house?
0	So did I but then I rewatched it recently.
1	Knee-jerk censorship. Awesome work WB, keep it up.
0	He was sitting in the Bat for the rest of the film.
0	"I am European and watched it with a friend who has visited Chi and NY several times and he kept saying shit like ""That's New York, not Gotham"" ""That's JPMorgan and not the stock exchange"""
0	It's very obviously satire.
1	Aren't we forgetting Newsies?
0	The white glow of a phone's screen light takes me out of the immersion. Shines up the row like a fuckin' beacon.
0	Wow, harsh.
0	No way, riddler fo' sho'
0	"I thought if they wouldn't include Robin, it would have been more interesting to include Azrael or a Batgirl character.  I'm still not sure I wouldn't have rather seen Nolan's take on that then ""Robin""."
0	"I'd really like to see movies that switch genres at critical points in the plot. Like half of a film is an honest romance/comedy and then switches to a slasher/horror. Or a heist movie that becomes a psychological thriller after in the middle of the job. Probably not a good idea for a ""fad"", but I'd like to see the more enterprising directors take a stab at it."
1	Yeah, I really miss all the times my records would skip back a few seconds and start repeating.
0	Avengers and the Dark Knight have been able to make things work where others have not.
0	BB is still my favourite
0	NO WAY DUDE HE'S 340 POUNDS AT LEAST TRUST ME I KNOW
1	oh no, the ticket sale plummet will be because of piracy.
0	TDK had the same problem.
0	When the 2IC cop get shot up was the worst scene for this.
0	More like not to tank their stock Monday.
0	No, the shot was before he even went over the water, right before he dipped over the land and presumably escaped.
0	Oh, you mean The Masochist.
0	god no, please
0	Eh, his score was pretty generic. The worst part about the film. His scores are always so generic and suck.
1	Yeah that sounds legit.
0	Yeah, I was thinking that but by the same token he could have been the next Hitler.  The fact of the matter is that it's possible that a lot of those people could have been the proverbial next president.
0	You. Cannot. Walk. Concealing. Like. That.
1	But it has vampires! And they don't sparkle, so you know they don't fit in the romance sections! They're just the gross normal ones.
0	... which completely neuters Bane as a villain. It makes all of his monologues seem pointless. You can't make Bane into a henchman without taking the teeth out of his actions from earlier in the movie.
0	I mean thats really all there is to it
0	Scary but a bit incomprehensible at times.
0	What did the five fingers, say to the face?
0	It's a movie about Batman, not the philosophical battle between economic classes.
0	I'm so happy that a movie like this about scientology (but not *really*) is being made in Hollywood by an auteur like Anderson. This is going to be amazing.
0	The only finer specimen currently is Chris Hemsworth.
0	No, they're just great movies.
0	The entrance of Gollum is arguably the most important plot element of the second book.
1	You threw up? I knew M. Night sucked, but wow!
0	I remember watching this movie when i was quite a bit younger and getting so confused it was almost upsetting.
0	Just switching one drug for another.
0	In the same vein I spent a huge portion of watching MST3k's The Final Sacrifice explaining who Larry Csonka, Don Shula, Bob Griese, and Jim Kiick were when watching it with my wife.
0	Oh, Cosmo... Such a scamp.
0	Let's get dangerous.
0	Sure it does, it's being handled by a Redirect.
0	I had a friend who hated The Matrix because Laurence Fishburne played Ike Turner and he was such an asshole in that.
0	I wanna see the Driver explode in the sequel. Not physically, but emotionally. He needs to show some kind of emotion, he can't just be a robot again.
0	15/70 is the size of the IMAX film stock. It basically means it's actually being projected from IMAX film rather than an IMAX-branded digital projector.
0	I'm starting to worry that Marvel is over saturating the market with superhero properties. While I enjoy watching them, releasing too many close together will create the Guitar Hero effect.
0	Is that a drink or did I miss a joke again?
1	Doesn't matter. It's a sentient gun toting Raccoon. Using Micheal Bay's logic, this is going to be a really good movie.
0	"oh... that kind of ""crash"""
0	Can someone convince me to give this movie another chance? I've been halfway through it a few times and I just get bored. The story seems to be a copy/paste of Avatar/Fern Gully/Dances with Wolves/Pocahontas/etc. I'm a fan of every other Miyazaki movie I've seen, but I just can't get into Mononoke.
0	Make it into a HBO mini-series dammit!
0	I think you mean 'Enter the Void' but yeah, another pretty good flick.
0	I like how you would have almost been making something resembling a point, but then reveal yourself as an idiot and shoot yourself in the foot with a random, uninspired, completely unwarranted insult.
0	*Goodfellas*, *Pulp Fiction*, *Inglourious Basterds*, *Royal Tennenbaums*, and *Rugrats in Paris: The Movie*.
0	Jackie brown is amazing and is in many ways just as good as Pulp Fiction but Pulp Fiction will always have a special place in my heart.
1	Dang, that's after the world ends :-(
0	He's a nightmare; normal rules do not apply
0	Lawrence of Arabia, three times. Missed the end of the world because the movie wasn't over.
0	I respect your honesty.
0	Because George Lucas /reddit
0	I'm not sure what the point of it is. It's a promo pic for Men In Black, one of his best known roles, and that was one of the movie's taglines. Am I missing something?
0	Don't drink soda. Carbonated drinks actually cause you to go piss much more than regular water.
0	Madea's Last Stand
0	What about Eartha Kitt, Lee Merriweather, Michelle Pfeiffer and Halle Berri (if she counts).
0	Captain America also leads right into The Avengers.
0	Sorry nobody saw your post. But he's using imgur
0	It's not dark humor really, just a sad story.
1	But... but it's a film *masterpiece!*
0	That is twice the fps compared to normal standards. Also the resolution is supposed to be 5000x something, which to me sounda extremely high.
0	i havent seen that movie in ages, i find it very boring, But maybe was it because he was loosing his mind?
0	Their Universe would be jealous of ours for the Avengers, I'm sure.
0	I've been trying to explain that to some friends of mine. They got it into their heads that it's just Rock 'Em Sock 'Em Robots with Wolverine. My attempts to say that it's actually a pretty touching story about second chances fell on deaf ears. I got pretty choked up at the end of the movie!
0	Sounds good, yeah I think after the replies I've been getting I will definitely check it out again sometime when I'm in the mood to watch it.
0	You can't slide through the seams but I think he was referring to how you would probably kill yourself when the knife doesn't slow you down at all or simply pops out and you fall to the floor.
0	Awww, no more Robert Downey, Jr.? When did he drop out?
0	That's ridiculous.
0	No, it took place at a talent scout's office.
0	Isn't Madagascar a Disney movie?
0	"A predator holding a human head+spine ""You'll always be with me"""
0	So we will all have to pirate it then.
0	Which was discovered while he was director of DHS.
0	Movies directed by his character in Four Rooms.
0	Gary Oldman is the car isn't he?
0	You're right, it was way worse in Thor. They knew each other, like what, two days? It was so preposterous.
1	There are 3 sources, only one is a 'get abs quick' site. In my original post I said he was 6%. Now your saying he was more like 7-8? I was a **whole** percentage off with my estimate then.
0	Thank you. Totally forgot this existed!
0	"Actually 3D would be nothing new for them. The 1920ies were a stereoscopy crazy period of time. Although it was only mostly photographs, the first 3D feature fim ""The Power of Love"" was shot and shown in 1922. So no, 3D would no blow their mind, probably."
0	had no idea. Well!
0	like the sound of silence but made well
0	The very end of brazil, the last lines hit me like a ton of bricks.
1	Nice to see that Ray Liotta is getting out of his comfort zone.
0	Last Stand had a ton of problem, whether it was in the execution or story itself, whereas First Class is a really solid flick.
0	*The Tillman Story*.
0	It was good. The action sequences were very good.
0	This freaked me out, just because how real it is(this is the Australian kidnapper one, correct?)
0	I am so jelly. The Game, the entire Monty Python series in the bottom right, Karate Kid, Hot Shots, Wall Street, The Mask, Forrest Gump...
0	For a guy that is supposed to be a comedian, Williams sure does have some acting chops.
0	I think that was the intended ending, but I guess someone changed the directors mind or perhaps he just didn't want to pull an inception!
0	Have you turned it off yet?
0	"Yeah, but that's my point.  To say that Se7en has hints of romance in it would just be silly.  Yes, people in these movies are in relationships, but the movies are not ""romantic"".  Michael Corleone is not a romantic guy, neither is Henry Hill, even though they do have wives in those movies.  Yeah, some of the movies on that list are definitely romantic, but look at what a small percentage of them are.  It's definitely less than half."
0	Which is good because you might be surprised.
0	Galaxy Quest
0	They're are saying, how would that plan work if the investigators used something other than blood to identify the bodies? Blood is one of the worst substances to get DNA and blood type wouldn't really they'll them much.
0	It is good for what it is, arguably the best movie genre out there, an adventure movie!
0	How would you even know what part of the movie to attribute to them?
0	WHY DID THEY SEND ME DAUGHTERS
0	Jody Hill fanclub represent
0	This is not true at all. It's nothing more than a mere software upgrade to the projectors.
0	Actually,I grabbed it off the script for Expendables 2!
0	And some awesome movies. Not just a paycheck.
0	Ugh I wont disagree on Holmes, didn't think they were bad but I thought all of his other movies, save revolver, are infinitely superior.
0	Nitrous Oxide is not flammable.
0	Not much of a gentleman I would say.
0	There are 2 close to Rochester, NY. Just went to one a few weeks ago for Dark Night/ Ted
0	that was early 80's ('82)
0	Tbh I've only ever seen TWBB but his performance was so good
0	Looks like Grumm from the Pilgrumms.
0	What the fuck?
0	Jolt Cola for real hackers mountain dew for the posers.
0	Tenacious D and the Pick of Destiny.
0	You are deserving of massive amounts of karma.
0	yep, adapt or die bitches !
0	No problem. Have a great day.
1	Sounds like a blast..sign me up!
0	One of the many books I'm glad I was 'forced' to read in high school.
0	Sir Ian; Sir Ian; Sir Ian; Action!; COAT, YOU WILL GO ON!; Cut!; Sir Ian; Sir Ian; Sir Ian.
1	"What? That blood fountain was done really well. I really appreciated the subtile metaphor that was the rusty scissors. You just didn't get the ""art""."
0	Are you talking about the original or the remake? All of Castle's films were basically gimmicky schlock although that said I do love The Tingler.
0	There is no need to be an upset cunt.
0	No, he was only nominated.
0	Sort of off topic but Shawshank Redemption didn't win any oscars. It did go against Forest Gump but still it is the highest rated movie ever
0	*Melancholia.*
0	And now MACHETE KILLS will be a real thing. Fuck yeah.
0	Jingle All the Way.
0	Let us know if you find out the title:)
0	Super Mario Brothers.
0	Man, the soundtrack just amazing
0	Yeah, like the Pulp Fiction theory that the suitcase holds Marcellus Wallace's soul.
0	Oh, around here kids are back in school already. Carry on.
0	Bizarre.
1	yeah, it's ridiculous that WWI for example is treated as history and that was even later!
1	Green Arrow is pissed, he's been there years, no one cared. then Bruce Wayne comes along and steals all his thunder.
0	very cool. thanks.
0	Shia Labeouf + Nicholas Cage
0	Except the same thing happened in the Superman series as well as Harry Potter. Still in each case it was the same series.
0	Sure they do but it was still CGI, wasn't it? Unless you're saying that Lucas hired animal trainers to get real ants to do that stuff.
0	NAw i haven't. Heard it was way overrated though.
0	Wat? I thought it was Jim Carrey?
0	Finally, all the non-torrent downloading samaritans of the world will be able to watch this movie.
0	Try Hotspot Shield
0	It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
0	Just look up the crash scene on Youtube. That's really all there is to it.
1	Because there's nothing else to do in Texas.
0	Liked!
0	"They could explain the entire situation in the time it takes them to say ""I can explain. It's not what it looks like."" 20 times."
0	I havent watched this movie since it came out. I am waiting for the day that I am on mushrooms and I just find it in the house
0	Have you tried trying it off and on again?
1	you see, Obama IS from Mars!
0	To me, this is one of the better lines.  Ever, in movies.
1	But see, you're not citing professional movie/art critics, so you're automatically stupid.  Duh.
0	he must have been referring to the fact that many jews today are secular. thanks for the clarification!
1	good point, you've convinced me!!
0	mmmm that's good titan. I wonder if it tastes like chicken?
0	I love that movie about a house. It doesn't matter that the house in the movie was quite detailed and iconic, any washed out picture of a house will do.
0	I really enjoyed it as a kid. No recollection how old I was, but I saw it in theater and had no idea it was considered a flop until years later.
0	"Sad really.. Glad I was able to be a projectionist in the ""golden era"". The theater I was at for 3 years is an independent theater though, so they aren't going fully digital for quite a while."
0	Yeah. I forgot about the rooftop scenes in Long Halloween. Good catch.
0	I always pictured my life as an adult (which is funny to say because I'm 24) like her and Peter. I just need a really hot redhead to keep me and my ridiculous schemes in line.
0	He's just referring to 'theatricality and deception', repeating a line Ra's says when discussing exploding powders as weapons or distractions.
0	Just like their real parents.
0	There's no need for mud slinging.
0	I was *born* in juice, you merely adopted it!
0	Back injury in the pit that required surgery. Not explicitly stated, but you can piece together a good idea from the movie.
1	With Alex Pettyfer as Link!
0	Yes, exactly. I don't think either is correct or incorrect.
0	Wait, how tall is he? He looks the same height as Chloe Mortez
0	I would fucking love it if you were actually Clint Howard arguing in r/movies.
1	Another masterpiece of a movie poster. Let's take a picture of him from behind... holding a gun. Mysterious, and deadly. So original!
0	Looks like they're gonna forfeit!  It's a bold strategy, lets see how it plays out!
0	Spice World
0	Venom's presence in the movie reeked of the merchandising and the studio trying to make the movie as big as possible to market countless toys and trashy items with.
0	I didn't like it the first time, but it really grew on me. It felt quite a bit more quotable, and things like Scott's roommate's odd way of being supportive struck more of a chord. On the other hand Hot Fuzz never grew any legs with me.
0	I'd watch that movie. Tom Hardy in full Bane gear swimming the Butterfly stroke.
0	No need to bring r/gaming into this!
1	Yea I'm sure that is exactly what PTA thought when filming that scene
0	Tolkien *approved* Lee being Gandalf actually. He was the only member of the cast to actual meet the man and got his blessing to play the role.
0	I really don't think the minor plot holes in this type of movie necessarily mean a subpar movie.
0	Braindead (Dead Alive) remake would be much better
0	He also cried while talking about watching Winnie the Pooh with his daughter. (I'm not judging him - it was a sweet moment).
0	I'm pretty sure this wasn't first discovered in 2010 either.
0	You could say that about 99% of the comments on reddit.
0	Agreed. It is the one I learned to draw and then drew on everything. I think it has to do with the fact that I was a kid when the first Burton Batman movie came out, and that stuck with me.
0	How in the world did you think The Incredibles was bad? Seriously it's one of the better Pixar movies, and that's saying something. I can understand not loving it but bad?
0	Hot damn there we go. Now those are some good movies.
0	Thank you.  I don't see how a rough sketch like this can be considered amazing.  Setting the bar pretty low in my opinion.
0	"Awesome poster, it fits the whole ""A Fire Will Rise"" tag line."
0	Or the Priests monologue during the funeral scene. I posted that on my FB status and it made my mom cry.
0	The fuck?  I've never seen this movie, but I would love to know what the context for that is.
0	Dude..didn't that happen like 2 years ago?
0	A skinny Chris Hemsworth too.  I say Channing Tatum 1) because of his size, 2) He gives off the military discipline vibe 3) he is actually funny in 21 jump street, and I think his wisecracks come off as more natural than Evans.
0	"Gotcha, I was thrown by your ""however""."
0	Cool, She's my age. Nothing creepy has to go on here.
0	What an absolutely incredible movie. What really destroyed me is that right from the beginning you know what is going to happen. You spend the whole movie wishing against it, but in the end it happens. Truly devastating. I love this film.
0	I'd have to agree. While Hero is enjoyable by those who know little about Asian history, for those that do, it was excruciating - a long state propaganda session.
0	Finally. We get an explanation as to how he got back.
0	Why the second movie?
0	Speaking of dehumanizing fat people... He's a dwarf, so it's ok to mock his food addiction, amiriteguyz??
0	You can keep the glasses
0	Thanks to Eye Wart, I'm going to laugh every time I see Christian Bale from now on.
0	Dat soundtrack.
0	They *appear* to line up sequentially: leftmost label corresponds to top-most region in the graph, and so on, so the colour matching doesn't matter so much.
0	I hope this is a heist movie. I want to see a Wes Anderson heist movie.
1	yeah, seriously come on guys - we really need to get out there and support this film!
0	There are enough characters in the Hobbit to be getting on with.
0	i dont even
0	This is stupid. She more probably just split most of the other nails while doing scenes and cut them off.
0	But that's not a known factor, you can't guarantee that. He knew it was statistically likely but it was not 100%, it can't be 100% you're dealing with human factors which by nature are unpredictable and unreliable which is my main argument against him. Perhaps he's to removed from the situation and has forgotten completely what it means to be human, I believe Rorschach is the anti-thesis to this. He knows people better than anyone else and yet he sees the hope in them, he sees something worth fighting for and saving.
0	I knew a lady who grew her finger nail like that to use as a letter opener.
0	It's not the worst thing I've ever seen. Very well done considering the budget.
0	Its a parody film. It isn't meant to be scary.
0	Gee I'm glad you posted who they are and what movie they're in. It's really annoying when people don't do that.
1	Coke comes in bags in Columbia?
0	Lindy Booth, I think. Playing Night-Bitch.
0	WHEN THE BEATING OF YOUR HEART! ECHOES THE BEATING OF THE DRUMS!
1	Yeah dude, but those were opened!!!!
0	I love horror movies, but i'm getting kinda bored of the same movies, over and over and over again. I want new material. I've seen, I think, all of those films, multiple times (except for Carrie and Sining). Not saying they are bad films, but there's gotta be something........maybe i've just grown bored of movies? IDK I wasn't trying to hijack the thread, just sayin my opinion
0	"""I can do a masterpiece like Cabin in the Woods but I don't mind doing another crappy blockbuster like Avengers 1 if that will fill my pockets. Hey, I have bills to pay!"""
0	Oh my god, that part always drove me crazy when watching that as a kid.
0	"I really wish I would have read your comment before I just spent an hour and a half watching this boring-ass film. I didn't want to ruin the ""twist"" by reading further, but now I wish I had."
1	Blame piracy!  It's all because of piracy that this billion dollar industry had to cut spending on creative minds.
0	Yes. This graph is completely skewed
0	"So the first Harry Potter is an ""adaptation"" but then all the other HP films magically don't count?"
0	TLJ was in that movie for maybe 20 minutes.
0	I avoid watching trailers to enjoy the movie a lot more, but Reddit makes it way too hard to keep the details a secret. Same thing happened with Batman: No surprises left for the actual cinema.
0	And the novella was written by Harlan Ellison. I would make a snarky comment about what an litigious asshole he is, but I do not want to get sued.
0	Seeing the Stay Puft Marshmallow man in an ad is (slight) foreshadowing for what's to come towards the end.
0	How 'bout...Ghost Mutt?
0	"Yeah but he said ""any color as long as it's green""."
0	To be fair, that scene is one of the only cases where it was being used correctly. (Hallelujah is a song about sex)
1	Yeah those ignorant Americans never understand anything.
0	You're looking at the wrong curve, my friend.
1	no, that's an extra in a suit as a mock up
0	I hate to say it but its almost impossible to make a bad ROBOCOP movie. Yes, I loved the entire franchise including the obscure television series, not because they were good movies but because they were always fun and entertaining.
0	I love it! USB Garote Wire!
0	Yup, agreed. More recently a friend of his (co-director of City of God) stated that Padilha is actively fighting against studio interference. That gave me hope.
0	50 Shades of Greybeard
0	I haven't seen Rope since I was younger. Didn't notice any gayness. I've been meaning to watch it again; I guess I know what I'm doing today.
0	I think he's better as a character actor than a leading man. ...*Benjamin Button* was dreadful. And he was dull as dirt in it.
0	Even though I can't stand him as a person, I really like his acting and most of his films.
0	Abraham Lincoln vs The Terminator in 2016.
0	How is this not higher?  Probably my favorite horror film of all time, though maybe not as scary as some of the others in the thread.
0	Beacon
0	Yeah, but if they did that he'd have no pre-existing reason to be there, or care about what happens to earth, and there would have been no set-up with loki. I think Thor was fairly necessary as a direct set up to the avengers movie.
0	Rowsdower, could you put out my head?
0	What a crock of shit. It has Journey to the center of the earth on there, claiming it's the one with Brendan Fraser. But when you click it it's the one from Asylum. This site sucks.
0	This is awful. What made Wall-E so great was the charm. This looks ugly.
0	After watching A Dangerous Method, I can totally see him as Strange.
0	**11!**
0	I love the second one because there are *serious* and *negative* repercussions to the time travel.
1	Are you saying that Hackers doesn't hold up?  How could a movie with such an accurate portrayal of what hacking a computer is like not hold up to today?
0	You know, I'd always heard that Christian Bale based Bateman's mannerisms on Tom Cruise. But it's not until I saw this guy - who looks like Cruise - doing the same moves and expressions, that I realised the extent.
0	its supposed to be racist
0	See the violence inherent in the system!
0	which is weird since Bavaria is one of the richest states in Germany.
0	it was a dream sequence it didn't actually happen
0	The ring doesn't halt aging, it simply slows it.  Smeagol is nearly 600 years old, and he looks like shit.
0	"""Epic movie"" is a definition, not a verb."
0	That's what I'm saying about the new Resident Evil movie.
0	Meh.
1	Damn Joos control everything.
0	or Solaris.. even the George Clooney version.
0	So they could discuss how not to write the third act of a sci-fi film.
0	I don't think you understand the concept that you can have two goals and come up with a plan to achieve both at the same time.  How this movie goes over one's head is beyond me.
0	"Yes. Season 1 was fantastic, season 2 was good... 3 ok, from that point on, downhill, ended up nowhere and I consider it a huge waste of time in my life. Thanks Damon! The ""appeal to time travel"" was the worse Deus Ex Machina a writer could have gone in the series"
0	"I believe it was actually ""penis breath""."
0	that doesn't answer his question
0	The problem with Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes is that they aggregate reviews/ratings from sites and reviewers who use different scales... Not everyone uses the 1-10 system
0	People are bashing Waid's work? He won a ton of Eisners for it.
0	It's not just The Hobbit they're filming, they're also filming related events Tolkien wrote about that took place around the same time. Stuff dealing with the Necromancer and Gandalf investigating that was mentioned but never fleshed out in The Hobbit.
0	These are all directors that I'm hot and cold towards. They have each made at least one film I love and one I can't stand. Except Preminger. I flat out don't like him. I love and hate a Zed and Two Noughts at the same time. I will check up on the other three. Thanks.
0	Wow he's gone too soon. Its a shame
0	Well, I know that he has a Ph.D in Horribleness...
1	I dunno man, I really don't want to see the legacy of space jam to be tarnished.
0	I thought the biggest bomb was Zyzzyx Road, which made like, $36 opening weekend.
0	Yea apple probably didn't even make laptops back then.
0	Yeah because Mario collects rings. Unlike that speedy blue guy who collects coins.
0	I heard he wanted a say in the writing. He's pretty method and doesn't like playing a character unless he can change what he needs to change in the script to make it work for him. Fantatic commitment, but it can't possibly work with a big ensemble piece.
0	His voice always irritated me, I can't get past a few minutes of the first video without shutting it down. It just seems way too much. I want to listen to it, if only someone would do it again in a less irritating voice...
0	Run.
0	yes!
0	A worthwhile product is the difference between *millions* of dollars and *billions* of dollars.  You don't spend $4 billion to *eventually* make your money back - you do it because you want to profit in the very near future.  Sure, they could sit back and just collect checks, but if that was the case, why immediately start with a movie?  The prequels are still fresh - if 7 sucks, there's gonna be a huge backlash.
0	My penis just hardened so ferociously that I had a head rush.
1	Now, Lucas can retire.
0	Not eight times?
0	"I just worry about all the Lucas-haters out there.  The ones who are only happy when they're comparing George Lucas to a racist pedophile Hitler.  If Lucas is only going to be a ""creative consultant,"" then who will they focus their disproportionate rage on?  They've been talking for years about how great Star Wars could be if not for, y'know, the man who created it; now that they're getting what they want, what will they bitch about?  Who will be the target of Red Letter Media's wrath now?"
1	I hope they're as good as John Carter!
0	JOSS WHEDON FOR EPISODE 7
0	That's the one.
0	To cat
1	Yeah, after watching him in 'The Wire', I can conclude he definitely wouldn't be able to adapt his voice to Bond.
0	Spiderman 2 was so ridiculously cheesy and pandering to low-brow American audiences. Couldn't stand it.
0	From the original soundtrack, I think.
1	No, if you didn't like it you just obviously didn't understand it!
0	OK, gotta watch this movie again today, I totally forgot that scene!
1	Yeah, I love being a wage-slave without health care, and being subjected to drug laws that only exist to create slaves for the private prison system.
0	I've read the book. Go see the movie. I read a lot of bad reviews, which made me less enthused about the film. I was shocked at how much I enjoyed it. Give it a try! :)
0	If it is on IMDB, we have seen it.
1	Holistic?  I hate movies with plot holes.
0	Too much cake spoils the mind, Ms. Roxy.
0	Pretty Woman?
0	I'd like to see an Indian guy playing James Bond. It is Britain, after all.
0	as a blonde man myself, that was a happy day
0	Nearly every Marvel movie, actually. Starting with the first X-Men, IIRC.
0	They only added the Scottish back story years after Connery had been playing him.
0	It's LOTR In Concert I think you'll find I can complain
0	A movie based on a toy. Not Nike shoes.
0	If you have RES.
0	Hey! Isn't that Paul Ryan's marathon time?
1	I'm preeeeeety sure you meant Adam Sandler, classic mistake.
0	FYI most of Liam Nesson's films are interconnected. This isn't a surprise.
0	I'd still watch it.
0	Oddly enough, my feelings exactly.
1	Yes!! Thanks to Kingsley both Prince of Persia and BloodRayne were very good!
0	That this was a trailer for a trailer, which it isn't. It's a trailer for the movie, not for a longer trailer that will come out in 6~ months.
0	Beyond the black rainbow is basically what would happen if Kubrick was unable to restrain himself in any meaningful way.
0	Can you please make it smaller? i can almost see some of the things in this image.
1	It's obviously Iron America Man. duh.
1	Yeah, that must have been super hard to predict with 1980s technology.
0	Did you den bother to read the original post?
0	I'm in a film production class and we're using the same stock Aronofsky used for Pi. I respect it a lot more now seeing as it is nearly impossible to shoot indoors with it and can only roll silent stock.
0	Or send him to space. Oh wait.
0	Yeah, but did you notice his pistol is cap n ball style? Those bullets-in-loops won't work.
0	"Really? The title is ""Thoughts on Killer Joe""... it sort of goes without saying that there will be spoilers."
0	Stupidest thing to ever reach the Top 5 on Reddit.
0	"One little mentioned Bill Murray performance that I really liked as a kid was as the roommate to Dustin Hoffman in ""Tootsie"". I re watched that movie recently and was really impressed by the way he played that character."
0	It's not a sequel, it's a tv show with the same actors but playing different characters. If you liked city of god, try Elite Squad, both 1 and 2.
0	I'm confused? That's exactly a line from Willy Wonka. If That 70s Show did it, they were only paying tribute.
0	I saw the movie. It was a boy.
0	In 2007 DiCaprio was nominated for best actor based on Blood Diamond, but not the Departed? That seems a bit off to me.
0	If this movie is so important to you, why haven't you watched it yet? It's been out since 1980, it's 2012.
0	I really hope so.  I had so much fun watching that movie in theatres.
0	If they were peeling it off, don't you think you would at least see some kind of pile building up on the scaffolding?
0	See though, *that* makes sense.  He's a computer AI right?  He *has* no context for his lines.  He's literally just responding to input from Stark, with no clue as to how the dialogue fits into the larger picture.
1	I also think the make up people did a damn fine job of making them look EXACTLY like eachother.
0	vampire's kiss.  it's one of his early films and its a comedy/horror.  it's one of the most cheesiest films ive ever seen and cage's over acting is at it's peak.
0	I definitely recommend reading the book, if you get the chance.
0	Yeah, but before that who did it?
0	Yeah, the best part ended with a killshot. Bummer.
0	I don't think I will end up seeing it in theaters unless I get high.
0	Has Mr. Depp ever commented on the kilos upon kilos of drugs they did?
1	Yes, you should instead see every movie ever made.  How else can you decide what is worth watching?
0	Americans and space Nazis working together. Who'da thunk it?
0	Cabin in the Woods is a satyric comedy, not a horror movie.
0	I was watching Rocky IV the other day, and it's pretty much the most backward analogy of the Cold War *ever.*  It's kinda hilarious.
0	Well no, it's more of a sequel that has a stripped down recap, but what's your point?
0	She is also a child. I don't know many child actors that are actually good. She was pretty good in Kick ass.
0	Rec 2 is better than a 4.
0	Perhaps, but to be fair, when you hear that much shit about Gigli why the hell would spend time, let alone money, to watch the film? If you watched it and didn't hate it, that's cool, but I don't think you can blame anyone for not watching a movie that's main claim to fame is being terrible.
0	No FUCKING WAY!
0	I kinda would like to see the artist as an old man take on the imminent mortality themes of blade runner
0	Meh.
0	But it's an American production so guess who wrote the date.
0	This is the reason why I don't mind the American system much.  Usually you don't need the year, so it's closer to this correct way when just using month/day.
0	Nobody I know has ever seen this and it makes me sad.
0	Can Emma stone stop doing serious roles. She really is one of the funniest female actors in the biz.  She has a long career to venture into the dramatic.
0	That's only because they were killed first in the movie. BIASED.
0	Duh?
0	Damnit, I wanted to say *that*!
1	I think Ursula K LeGuin claims the crown to butchery of the legacy-only because she was lured into giving up rights with a clause of creative consultant for the Sci-Fi (not yet SyFy...) miniseries. Too bad her consultant position had no teeth. But hey, marketing knew what it was doing
0	Deal!
0	I just had to re-buy Band of Brothers on blu-ray and the special features made it worth every penny. The sound mastering is pretty spectacular too.
0	A Producer can want whatever the fuck they want. Anybody can *want* anything. Will it happen? Who knows.
0	classic mythbusters, this myth is busted! (under very specific and usually unrelated circumstances)
1	where's the whiteface outrage?
0	Thanks for this. I noticed it but I thought I missed an inside joke. Like the director's name.
0	Star Wars Trilogy. Guess i am too late/old to enjoy. the special effects is going to look different.
0	Holy shit
0	Me too.
0	This happened in one of the new Batman films, too.
0	Fucking Ken Jeong, so awesome he is a doctor AND a successful actor. Just winning at life.
0	Well the word parody isn't really an insult. It was genius, regardless what you call it.
0	Warrior and RockNRolla are my two favorites of his. If you watch those two back to back you can really get a feel for the amount of range he is capable of. Hell watch Inception and TDKR back to back and again you will be amazed.
0	Ugh.  I *really* wanted to like that movie, but I just couldn't.
0	I dunno, but it seems like she's on a foreign TV show and she didn't understand a question, and then it was clarified. That narrows it down!
0	"To the point that I've heard people just ask, ""Pryor or Carlin?"""
0	In approximately that order.
0	Poor Andre :(
0	Worth seeing regardless if in 3D or not. The slo-mo scenes are awesome.
0	They can't be Cylons. I've never seen them at any of our parties. ;)
0	Was there another version besides the original? I know there was Disturbia, but that's about it.
0	the departed
0	wow I'm actually being down-voted for this?
0	Yes, thank you. But, is this image from one of the movies or the TV show? I don't recognize it.
1	At least you aren't Irish.
0	I found the DVD extras more terrifying.
0	They didn't include the Alien Ressurection basketball shot.
1	Dude he looks nothing like that kid!
0	It was.  Such a shame, because it was a god awful movie.
0	No. Just no. If you want me to believe you sent a team of experts on the most expensive mission in human history then the characters do not get to act like 8th graders.
0	WHAT!?!?!?
0	What
0	"As long as ""their shit"" doesn't include PC, then yeah."
0	Wasn't it everyone on the OC? And they all called it TJ? Too much intialism on that show.
0	I just finished season 4 of Curb Your Enthusiasm and the feud between him and Larry David was beyond hilarious. Stiller is great at parodying himself a la In Between Two Ferns and the episode of Extras he did. Mad props for any actor who lampoons themselves like that.
0	That was debunked, he said it was perfectly comfortable.
1	He doesn't speak for us goddamnit!
0	Original tub hand is super fucking creepy and hilarious, new version is far too calm.
0	yeah I thought the same thing and realized again I'm old.
0	Fair point, but who wants to watch/listen to that?
0	Except the time travel in Looper doesn't work like that.
0	I also saw that movie, and remember the part where one of the characters says that!
0	I think i am having a deja vu.
0	And then another 's'. So, it would be Hanks's.
0	So he was more or less an ascended fanboy?
0	Is this the dream within the matrix within the dream?!
0	Never saw it, but I thought Four Brothers was quite good.
0	Even though I knew The Far Side predated Toy Story by over a decade, having been exposed to Toy Story first I had it in my head that the comic borrowed a joke from the movie.  The truth is much funnier.
0	Whoop, fixed. Dur.
0	I find 28 Days Later to be extraordinary, in many, many ways. One of my favorite movie scenes is when Jim is walking through an empty London.
0	you can stop preaching now,  i think he was trying to make a joke.
0	I've met a few French who enjoy musicals. But I do think that the musical is largely a forgone Western European phenomenon that has taken hold of the United States. Perhaps we are just late to the party?
0	Ohh Christ the madonna one. I had repressed that.
1	"You're right. Instead of his huge box-office success, he should have stuck to the script that was considered ""unfilmable"" for decades. Gosh, why couldn't anyone else have just filmed it the way it was written? Even as an animated project?"
0	"It had potential, I won't deny that. Definitely deserves a mention in the other thread about ""cheesey"", though."
0	Whoa...I'm trying to picture this, but I just can't.
0	I don't understand how Reno or Depardieu are not in this movie.
0	I've read the books, several times, many years ago and I still found the audio version really, really enjoyable
0	I couldn't do it.  Nope.  I'm sorry, you guys deserve so much more credit than you get because that gets a bit ridiculous.  I'm really not trying to sound elitist either or that my movie tastes are so much more cultured or diverse and I don't think that every thread needs to be some deep philosophical discussion on the cinematography of Ingmar Bergman but you get the impression from this subreddit sometimes that there are only about 200 movies in the world worth talking about.
0	"Agreed, on IMDB , plus it has so much crap ""below the fold"" on its homepage.  Not to mention the increased focus on TV on the internet movie database."
0	Ghostbusters 2 takes place 5 years later. That's not Louis's kid.
0	Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas.
0	$15,000 for a bald cap and some editing? Fear and Loathing either hired shitty makeup artists or got completely ripped off by the CGI department.
0	I'm thinking you posted the wrong link or you tried to make a joke that went right by me.
0	Would you believe half cock then?
0	Well yes, but we were discussing the movies. And being British, I do know what MI6 is. I also was turned down 2 years ago from my application to work technical support for them (yes, they do have tech support people for their office workers) as I was unable to move to London. I did kind of do the research on a potential employer then :)
0	Thor wasn't that bad of a film.
0	I've always been a fan of the Ewoks, but god damn that was horrific.
0	Shit, I never thought of it that way.
1	Yeah, they totally should have gone with Banlieue 13 for that spot.
0	No.
1	Damn. I hadn't realized this movie was *that* old that it was made before color TV. Robin Williams is old, man.
0	Well.. I don't see your point considering you're saying that was the problem when I connected to it. If someone connects to the characters and the story, then they did a good job, right?
0	You just confirmed he did fuck your mother.
0	"I hope it gets a sequel, but way later down the line where people have all but given up hope for a sequel, so it comes out of the blue and everyone is all ""OH FUCK ITS LITTLE CJ ALL GROWN UP AND TAKING FUCKING NAMES"" and shit."
0	I appreciate the fact that Nolan movies actually present symbolism and themes though, given how many popular blockbusters have seemingly given up on being anything more than excuses to eat popcorn.
1	It is really too bad that the Oscars doesn't have the integrity and judgement of the Grammys
0	I love when you see texture pattering on something in real life, like that carpet. Reminds me of older video games.
0	Citizen Kane. A Clockwork Orange. Gone with the Wind
0	How do you leave Milton from Office Space off of this?
0	Yes.
0	Yeah it was. If I am remembering correctly the crook is peering in the window while simultaneously reaching for the glowing red door knob so we know what is about to happen but he doesn't. Also, he had just finished slipping and sliding all over the stairs so i think his attention was elsewhere.
0	Nope, just bowing to pressure from foreign governments.
0	3D and 48 frames per second.
0	I'm hoping a nuke goes off at some point.
0	Or enough food to feed Gabe Newell for a week.
0	So he was the new batman, not robin.
0	Not even hidden, full on dicks, dicks are hip these days.
0	That was a great book, but it would need to be rated R to be any good in my opinion.
0	If the Dark Knight didn't win, why do they think that the Dark Knight Rises stands a chance, it's not nearly as good.
1	Leonardo DiCaprio can do a great South African accent.
0	Weaver stance definitely doesn't include wide-open hips.
0	He's also the only one not to shoot
0	gooby pls
1	Really? Because I like her. I feel like she does best opposite Johnny Depp, there really aren't enough movies with those two together. I feel like a dark remake of something everybody already likes would be a perfect vehicle for them.
0	Yes :P
0	Wait, you thought Prince Of Persia was okay?
0	At least John Carter has the advantage of being based on some really old pulp science fiction novels.
0	"The craziest thing is that the DVD box bills it as a romantic comedy. ""A smart, sexy, seriously funny comedy"". I wouldn't even call it a comedy. Fantastic movie, of course, but not a comedy."
0	No worries, I removed it for ya.
1	Haven't heard of that one is it any good?
0	Something always means something.
0	True but I think Motion Capture will overtake human puppeteering.
0	Puppets always look better than CGI. It's not about realism as much as natural movement.
0	Pregnant?
0	Yesh.  Indeed.
0	You really aren't aware of ANY of Tom Hanks work besides Turner and Hooch? Jesus christ.. also both are Academy Award winners. I find this comment very strange and slightly ignorant.
0	Let the Right One In. I find the subtitles actually add to the impact of it since the film is so quiet. The increase in focus made everything stand out more.
0	"It's called inflation.  Say it with me now... ""Inflation"".  I know that this puts a damper on everything because no one likes to hear how Gone with the Wind trounced The Dark Knight... but c'mon, these graphs are more than a little misleading."
0	Arnold is an incredibly successful guy. Mr. Universe, Movie star, Governor, businessmen, investor. Arnold has one of the most successful stories ever. It's crazy to think about. He started his fortune with a small brick laying business, that's just... hands down impressive.
0	I'd bet that Nolan will direct an installment or two, but cannot see Hardy as Bond. He'd make one hell of an antagonist though.
0	Different king. Also, he was made up for the game and rides a giant scorpion. I don't think he's canon.
0	Probably any police force asked by someone with enough money to legally own the original DB5 from Golfinger.
0	There are no absolute positions?
0	Hey, don't blame me. I didn't write the movie.
1	Awesome, more zombie shit.
0	I did not think there could be a bigger fuck up than GWB until I studied up on Andrew Johnson.  Basically destroyed what was gained in the civil war.
0	READ IT. That's all I have to say.
0	He just needs to accept his height already.
1	No, no, no, you're wrong.  It's a *new* thing, because I'm 20 years old so clearly what I just discovered is a phenomena that just developed, and I'm wicked smart for discovering it.
0	I love the book, but it does lack considerably when it comes to character development or even general characterization outside of Bilbo. Having three movies lets them build onto that and make more interesting characters.
0	Y'all crazy. Clearly it's Casino Royale. It's got the best everything.
0	There's only one way for that to happen. Stop giving them money for bad films!
0	There's that wonderful part from the survivor who stayed on the space station, talking about how he watched a Z chase a mole in the desert for a week. They don't rest, they only feed.
0	exactly
0	I also remember that line from the movie.
0	How does a company with this great earning franchise almost goes bankrupt?
1	I thought The Avengers was cool before it was.
0	Seemed. It had a harmlessness that belied it's content. Take the raunch out of the hangover and you're left with two solid minutes of film. Take the raunch out of airplane and you have sight gags and grown up humor and slapstick. Those tit jokes, so good, btw.
0	Does Ian McKellan cameo as Magneto or Gandalf?
0	I know he's overused, but a bearded Ryan Reynolds might make a cool Kyle Katarn.
0	lol wtf
0	AND HAS
0	Oh
0	They weren't dreadful, but seeing them once is enough for me. No desire to rewatch them at all.
0	Yes, and Miller turned out to be an idiot. Case in point.
1	Are you kidding? Have you even watched Meet The Feebles, bro?
0	I'm pretty sure funding was their reason for doing it that way. They sunk so much money into that movie that they couldn't afford to let it flop. To that end, they made the storyline as safe as they possibly could.
0	this movie gets me goosebumps all over my body on various scenes. just soooo good.
0	Really? I tend to like them. Especially Sweeney Todd.
1	Yeah what's with movies trying to push social change? I like my movies purely for non serious entertainment
0	He probably doesn't like Wedding Crashers either.
0	Came here to say this, very happy to see it is the top comment.
0	"Some games have ""cheats"" but they almost always end up disabling Achievements and all that."
1	I bet they ruin the whole thing with some lofty alien story.
0	Every few months I completely forget about that movie, then someone mentions it somewhere and I remember it all over again. Stop it, please.
0	A lot of people seem to be dissing on the movie because they wanted more references. I feel like if they made too many references, they might as well as just tossed the movie idea and flashed video game references on the screen for an hour and a half. The references were a nice balance with the originality that the movie had and I'm glad they didn't overdo it.
0	^op  ^is **A FAG**
1	But that water was blessed by the little girl.
0	I loved War Horse, it was so well-made. The ending shots were beautiful.
0	Considering the terrible job they did to him in the end, this is terrifying.
0	Is there a type that affects only one gender? I never have this problem with men, but some people here can't tell the difference between Matt Damon and Leonardo Di Caprio.
0	"I read the book and didn't realize it was ""murder"" until i saw the movie."
0	I'm going to have to watch this now. I still have the DVD, unopened.
0	Way better than parent comment
1	30 Rock?
0	"I really don't think it's just stop-motion; I also think that a lot of wit, non sequitur, and ambience gets killed when you try to make your movie as broadly appealing as possible, both in terms of cultural/language translation and audience. The Fantastic Mr. Fox is in many ways one of the funniest movies that I've seen, but it doesn't have those moments that screams ""Laugh!"" to an audience full of all types of people. You're never going to be making Madagascar money if you're Wes Anderson, so I feel inclined to support stuff that isn't afraid to hold *some* people at arm's length in order to more fully resonate with its intended audience (see also: Rango)."
0	Rio 2.  These are franchises.
0	antagonist? I thought she was on Ralph's side?
0	There are boobs in a ton of PG-13 movies. Even some PG movies. It's less common now than the 80s and 90s.
0	He's the Ricky Bobby of Acting.
0	"I did; it doesn't change the fact that he's called it ""The top 250 movies on IMDB in 2 1/2 minutes"" which is inaccurate."
0	Yeah that movie did really well up until that point.
0	Maybe his health is starting to become a problem (he is what almost 70), or he has cancer and he is preparing for either a long battle or death.
0	Disney doesn't fuck around. They'll pay for it or fight to the death,Roman style.
0	And how did they prove he hoarded the seed? By omitting to say it was an accident? I would side with Monsanto if they meant well or were within sane bounds, but this was a miscarriage of justice and I have yet to see why not.
0	Well that makes sense. Thanks.
0	And she's a real beauty.
0	Yah, some of the pictures were taken on the collector's display case full of props and goodies.  At least the photographer used a gray reference card.  I'm sure prop geeks like Adam Savage would have also wanted a color reference, but still... a nice touch to include the reference card.
0	The first airship to use helium was launched in 1923. The US, at least, had been using helium for quite some time.
0	Big Sur coastline on a cloudy day could easily pass for New England.
0	Look at Brad Pitt, they could wear whatever they felt like.
0	Love me some Carrie Brownstein.
0	Looks more like Yoda's swamp abode rather than a cozy hobbit house.
0	Shakespeare does account for at least seventy percent of my literary boners. Thanks for the recommendations!
0	Wait, you have to pay for 3d glasses? At our theater, they are free. (Oklahona)
1	Oh look, one of the more modern examples at the top. How surprising.
0	Why is someone trying to tell me why a movie I enjoyed isn't good?
0	I like both versions, but in my opinion the studio cut is far superior.
1	no no he meant only *one* mouse lead. The first with only *one*.
0	The movie theatre I work at is self serve free refills but it's those coke cola freestyle machines, it's cool at first but drinking there 5days a week you get fed up. The bibs are better, but I understand why the customer would want freestyle machines. I know I would in there position.
0	they're plot points. If movies were completely accurate they wouldn't exist.
0	There is far too much social integration crap. And any web developer that uses fixed messages on the bottom of the page and fixed content on the side of articles that is not a means for navigating through the aforementioned article should be shot.
0	A large deposit of diamonds on the surface. Perhaps the hardest substance known in the universe. Beautifully crystallized and pointed, but too small to be useful as a weapon. An incredible fortune in stones yet I would trade them all for a hand phaser, or a good solid club.
1	that's why there have been so many amazing superman movies
0	they just have to fins an actor who can pass convincingly as a 13 year old. hell, we buy the late 20 somethings and early thirty somethings as teens in those shitty high school movies, it's plausible.
0	Everyone loses in that movie
0	If you can't find it, you could always watch Sorkin's *The West Wing* or Lynch's *The Game*, both available on Netflix.
0	Uptight bitches
0	Some people just like to express their exuberance, and don't care if their joy bothers you.
0	"""WE'VE GOT NO TIME! WHERE'S THE BOMB!?"" -every episode of 24 ever"
0	i try to stay away from all social media and in depth movie reviews before i watch a movie so i dont have any preconceived ideas on what to expect.
0	HE INVENTED THE WHOLE FUCKIN THING! I am so SICK of people bashing the man!
0	UK DVD version does.
0	Boo
0	Thank goodness, I wouldn't want Abrams anywhere near a Star Wars movie. Can you imagine how terrible it would be.
0	"the post is called ""just saw Django Unchained"" sorry but you should probably expect a discussion about the movie's plot"
0	It's bloody. Very bloody. But not as horribly gruesome as it could have been, thankfully.
1	Oh no! Someone's WRONG on the INTERNET!
0	There really hasn't been a Keanu Reeves movie that I haven't really liked. Johnny Mnemonic was a little meh, but I tend to love him and his movies.
0	Don't forget Lethal Weapon, and Die Hard 2.
0	-Probably a white guy.
0	Honestly this was more of a retrospective of Summer 2012, as opposed to a retrospective of the year as a whole. And a lot of the movies in the video were downright bad. Where was The Master? Killing Them Softly? Holy Motors?
0	Australian, I think.
0	I saw it. I understand it making that much, really. A lot of people loved the animated series, and when they heard about the movie, they immediately got pumped for more Avatar. They rush to the theater, and cry on the way out.
1	Yeah, Pursuit of Happyness was awful.
0	People have won Oscars for less.
0	Butch = Bruce Springsteen
0	That 120hz TV look that people complain about is the interpolation (creation or elongation) of frames to make an image smoother. The Hobbit does not do this.
0	That fucking movie... It was on tv once and I happened to come across it. I just couldn't bring myself to turn the channel away, not because I was enthralled by the story, but because my entire being went numb trying to understand what exactly I was watching. I'd never dare even attempt to watch that again
0	Expensive Location shots, paying actors and crew above scale, and then spending a ton on editing and special effects.
0	I'm sorry for hurting your feelings by not liking something you do like.  I hope that we can still be friends.
0	The original counter troll
0	It's entirely improvised and according to Murray, from the heart.
1	Wow, I could barely recognize the guy who plays Kili!
0	STEPHEN FRY!!!
1	Not here in 'murica damnit!
0	scarface was a rfemake?? didnt know thatg.
0	This man, he speaks the truth.
0	I was thinking the same thing.  She looks identical.  Maybe it's the lack of wrinkles.
0	Now Tayne I can get into.
1	because it's *impossible* to just eat 5 times a day to gain bulk
0	Depends on how you look at it. As far as Prometheus is concerned, it isn't.
0	I'll take a rehash as opposed to the steaming pile that was Prometheus
1	There must be a huge demand for OC in Hollywood- now's your chance to sell that screenplay!
1	crossing my fingers for an implied
0	I just hope Joaquin Phoenix gets a Best Actor nom despite the vitriol he spoke about the Academy.
0	This Malick fella' sure loves to burn a bridge.
0	Please no.
0	Something about cocaine.
0	Isn't that fake-frame rate usually 120 or 240fps?
0	Why do you assume the American accent is the easiest one to affect?
0	I agree, Denethor is portrayed in the books as the most badass stewerd in history, though he does still kinda lose it, in the movie, he is just an ass hole
0	That wasn't because he wanted to keep it, though.  It was because he saw what it was doing to Frodo and was, for a moment at least, hesitant to lay that burden upon him again.
0	They need to add possibly the only 2 women who can fit well in a brainless action film - Linda Hamilton and Sigourney Weaver.
0	Didn't Sybock die with Spock's mother?
0	That's a nice one.
0	I posted a thread last week asking if there was anyone else out there who wasn't excited for The Hobbit and the fanboys came in droves. I've never seen so many whiners in my life.
0	Oh, well fuck them :)
0	I... I didn't know!
0	Just because the engineers publically refused to used ICs doesnt mean they didnt recieve an order to use them anyways. This is a governmental organization we are referring to after all.
0	I guess the assumption that digital is a diminished quality was lost on me. Why is digital a worse experience than film?
1	Honestly, if he had said it had taken 31 hours, I wouldn't have been *nearly* as impressed
0	actually, the colour cone cells of the eye will probably shift primary wavelength, in a few 100 thousand years. If you're lucky the mutation of an extra cone can present itself (a few people have been found with a dormant 4th cone) and you'll get a huge new array of colour complexity
0	yeah, how many different theater productions of Shakespeare have we seen?
0	I think this was a good cover for the hobbit
0	I thought that was an obvious one. I saw it the first time I saw the film in the theater. It was meant to reference the splicing that goes on when attaching two pieces of film...which makes it a bit obsolete on the DVD version.
0	Double the... dick?
0	The problem I have with most 3D is the frame rate. It usually looks so choppy that my eyes get strained. The 48 fps is an incredible format for 3D, and it just feels right. I really can't wait to see it again.
0	Yeah well Yknow that just uh like your opinion man
0	It was. I was managing a video store at the time, 17 years old. I closed it an hour early, told the customers that we were closing early for Easter, and took the employees down the street to see it. It was a trip. Stuck with me.
0	I hated funny people so much. Dick jokes can be funny, but not EVERY SINGLE JOKE!
0	There's so many good ways to illustrate this movie...
0	I don't see pictures of the audience leaving. Is the film still playing?
0	"Most of his films already have noir elements. Making a ""film noir"" is difficult these days, as it will come across to audiences as cheesy."
0	so basically RahXephon. which is very similar to NGE, but on the polar opposite side of the cynicism-idealism scale.
1	Ah another incite-full and detailed story from ign
0	Good old fashion fist-a-cuffs.
0	Say what you will about Transformers, but we can all agree Optimus Prime was a badass motherfucker in those horrible movies.
0	What, removing slurs from our subreddit? We've been doing for ages now, and no one has complained yet.
0	Close your eyes during the hobbit scenes.
0	I thought it was a well-made film. But it was so over-the-top melodramatic that it lost its emotional impact for me. (Similar to Upton Sinclair's *The Jungle*.)
0	He is significantly younger than all the other dwarves. He's not old enough to grow a true beard.
0	There might be some cyclic nature going on here. I mean, *Batman* was a pretty big step forward at the time, and so was *Batman Returns*. I feel like the franchise was a victim of its own success.
0	Seems legit. The feet aren't in the picture.
0	Score sounds exactly like Gladiator... (which isn't a bad thing)
0	ScarJo for the win! BOOOOM.
0	"Yeah that's the first thing I noticed. He's fucking buff as hell compared to when he was all cheekbones and hard angles as Sherlock. But even if you compare him in the second season of that to the first season, it's clear that he's put on weight. Apparently he deliberately stopped eating properly during the first season because Sherlock would frequently go a while without eating when ""on the case""."
0	"Arguably everything ever made with ""Star Wars"" printed on it was made for money."
0	Dude, Voyager's captain was a woman.  Social issues = solved!
0	Yeah, his dialogue was terribly written. When you make someone like Sam Jackson sound wooden, you know there's something wrong with your writing
0	We still don't want the movie to justify their point of view.  Having Derek return to violence would justify that.  Having Derek remain steadfast in his opposition does the opposite.
0	are we talking about The dark knight or the TDKR, b/c I would say that the Dark knight does deserve to be there, but TDKR is not on the same level as it's predecessor.
1	You forgot to add an
0	Wow, Hansel has surprisingly well manicured fingernails.
0	I'd say they're both fine actors and it's really a preference thing.
0	In my opinion, the crazier the better.  I've always been a big fan of Tom Cruise and Mel Gibson (even thought he isn't a very nice crazy person).  I was actually excited when I heard Will Smith converted to Scientology.
0	You're not dead yet.
0	fight club.
1	Yeah, fuck that. Totally would not be worth it at all.
0	"Being a series about cars and all, this series really should be called ""Super Six"" and have some old school SS's on camera."
0	Mainly I meant it not being a sequel or prequel.
0	There's a movie called The Manhattan Project (1986) has the worst safety discipline I've ever seen. It's about a kid who steals plutonium to make a nuclear bomb for a science project.
0	Im really waiting for Clerks in space.
0	So excited, I got my midnight tickets!
1	No your right. Superman-curl, Clark-no curl. Strongly considering not seeing the film on these grounds.
0	"I can understand complaining about cloudiness, debris, and sparks, but having a weapon in hand is kind of just truth in advertising.  Also, ""weapon"" is pretty general, varying from pistol to assault rifle to handsaw."
0	I was three. I'm now old enough to vote. You're welcome for that feeling
0	I'm sure if you were actively looking for things to be indignant about, you would have noticed too!
0	Toy Story 2 outtakes
0	Oh wow.  Spoilers on the actual poster.
0	I like Nolan's comment to Caine: 'I want 10%'
0	sidevote
0	Ah, I see.
0	True, Ender's Game got my blood lust going, however the other two really dwell on the philosophy of existence/religion/life/ect. The first book is more to get you to read the series then to impact the last two books IMO.
0	Now kiss.  A lot.  Possibly sex, but I'm not picky.
0	No...just no. Nolan doesn't know the meaning of humor and that is a big part of what made the original trilogy great. He also likes to ground his films in reality, which is completely opposite of Star Wars. He also is bad at filming/directing/choreographing physical action so I imagine the lightsaber battles would be terrible. I don't know who would be the best choice to helm Star Wars, but I know Nolan is absolutely the wrong choice.
0	He really grew into them didn't he?
0	Well it's not about celebrating the slave trade, it's about portraying it for what it was. Amistad was an okay portrayal but even that was tame to the real atrocities that happened back then.
0	Godfather 4: The Next Generation
0	It was really awkward getting a handy in that movie.
0	"He made a cameo appearance in Superman, then was the main villain in Superman II.  You can't with any honesty say that he was ""in"" Superman I.  His appearance there was an introduction.  Superman I &amp; II were basically envisioned as one large movie"
0	This is a big role for Kutcher. Most people see him as a goofball who usually plays himself in movies, but if he can manage to do really well as Jobs, he might get some more respect.
0	The first thing I do with these graphs is look to see whether they put Star Wars in Sci-Fi or Fantasy.  I then either move on to step 2 of my scrutinizing or disregard wholeheartedly.
0	"I don't think OP was saying it was ""wrong"" just pointing out it happened."
0	*The Voyage Home*
0	He was asking who Biff's son, or Grif's father, *is.* Not if Grif was Biff's son.
0	The American Rowan Atkinson?
0	It's probably go get fucked.
0	watched it all the way through... now nothing shocks me
0	The better example would be Maggie Gyllenhal. How she's considered beautiful just confuses me.
1	Good thing this had the NSFW label, I was just about to get fired otherwise!
0	Well he was 46 by the time *Live and Let Die* came out.
0	agree but that movie just kept going, and going, and going..... and going
0	Oh well, guess I'll just have to wait for the 25th Anniversary then.
0	Thank you.
1	It's a good thing we know he'll be back for avengers 2, otherwise I might get worried.
0	Girl with the Dragon Tattoo had some SQL stuff that were actual queries too.
0	I have a feeling that was on purpose since the book is full of cultural symbolism
0	Birdemic
0	Wasnt she like 14??
0	I'll correct myself to:  That was bold trolling.
0	Apparently it's over a decade.
0	"""I'll do it tomorrow"""
0	I think that at least Luke should be instrumental to the new story since he's supposed to have become the founder of the New Jedi Order (not to mention insanely powerful).
0	i want it now!
0	Plus would they really ignore the chance to cast Harrison Ford?
0	But the phantom menace had some of the worst 3d I've ever seen. I only went to see it to hear the music in theatre again.
0	Carrie Fisher is hilarious. She's old and fat now, but I wish she were my aunt or something. Crass and joking in almost every interview I see.
0	ONLY J.J. ABRAMS CAN CROSS PLATFORMS!
0	I thought the first mini series was good, but to be honest I loathe the entire story that comes with Dune Messiah and Children of Dune and the movie version did not help
0	Not the guy you're asking, but I thought it was absolutely boring and it felt like nothing was happening the whole time. I wasn't expecting an action movie, but I was expecting more than people talking about finding a mole for 2 hours and then suddenly they know who it is.
1	No, you see, that would have been clever and witty. And might have shown an attempt to preserve the director's dignity. We can't have that, can we?
0	Yea alcohol and smart phone keyboard. But to my credit you did know what word I was going for
0	I thought the scene in Silver Linings Playbook where he's looking for the wedding tape was very effective but the last quarter of the film let it down. Personally I think Taxi Driver is the greatest film to deal with depression but it's often overlooked as it's not a mental illness film to the extent that Rain Man is.
0	I have a sinking feeling that if they can't make a Christmas release date, they'll push it all the way back to June or July and market it as a popcorn flick.
0	Two words. Brett. Ratner. Singer's first two films were pretty good. X2 is one of the best comic book movies ever. Also, he wrote and was originally slated to direct First Class. He really has a nice touch at handling a large cast.
1	Yay another X-Men movie
0	I too haven't seen it, but I almost feel bad for the guy.  I imagine he could make a great supporting character/comic relief, but he just can't shake the image from Jackass.
0	I absolutely *hated* The Deer Hunter so I wouldn't even put Cazale on that list. It's an abysmally boring movie that goes absolutely nowhere and has a pointless ending. I suppose Cazale was good but Walken was horrible in it.
0	No, the point is that everyone who was a fan of the first 3 movies in 2003 (myself included) Is now at least like 15 or maybe even 20, if they liked the movie at 10 years old. So.. None of us care anymore. And how do you get a brand new crowd of young kids to go out and see the 4th movie when they missed the first 3?
0	"Feel free to cite any submission that fits the bill of ""link to a famous well regarded movie page"" in r-movies."
0	I think the only reason Katie Holmes was nominated is because she's like the wrong piece of a puzzle that consist of Morgan Freeman, Christian Bale, Michael Caine, Liam Neeson, Ken Watanabe, Cillian Murhpy, Gary Oldman and Tom Wilkinson.
1	Thank God, I had heard so little about this movie, let alone anything positive.
0	They'll probably do a batman and robin film before anything else batman related. Seeing as the nolan trilogy kinda left a lead in for one at the end of dark knight rises.
0	"They sold ""Rock and Roll"" for a Cadillac ad in, like, 2000."
0	Why did they choose a football player?
0	Eh why not! I can't see any late sequel being worse than Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, so might as well go for it
0	He made a fake ewok for that movie (at least that's how I thought of Simon Pegg's little helper guy).  I feel like he might be worse than Lucas if given access to real ewoks.
0	Except for that whole talent thing.
0	Congratulations, you made me laugh out loud.
0	I know
1	Wow, so many people from 2015 in this thread. Perhaps instead of matter of factly stating how much this film is going to suck, they could state for us present day denizens, just what exactly is wrong with the production.
1	well gooooooooooooood for yoooooooooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!!!
0	Are you fucking serious?
1	Now I just feel lied to.
0	I'm going to include this and give you credit.  It is a good movie, so bravo for mentioning it :)
0	Poorly written character,but he still acted well and believable.
0	I don't know that it would matter too much.  He likes to compress long and complicated books into a single movie, and he likes to stretch short and simple children's books into three huge movies.
0	Jim Carrey is also going to be in Kick Ass 2.  I agree, I can totally seem him in the superhero genre, his performances are always over-the-top and larger-than-life and comicky.  The Mask, for example.
0	Pffft.  Mystic's basically Rhode Island.  And the pizza place across the street is better.
0	If you knew Forks better, you'd know it's completely appropriate.
0	I blind bought it on 3D BRD, still haven't watched it yet though. I thought the preview looked awesome and gritty and just old school no apologies action! Plus hivemind on Reddit loved it so there is that. Reddit is my new Ebert.
0	I'm supposedly a descendent of Lord Asano. My relatives and I have been waiting years for this movie to come out, haha.
0	24 season 7?
0	The only thing I remember vividly was that they digitally put the words on the board haha.
0	Am I a fedora wearing hot topic dweeb if I really liked Sin City and am really excited about 2?
0	Tree trunk in the BG
0	Benjamin Button was one of the most immediately forgettable movies I've ever seen.
0	Wow he is a bad actor.
0	Just saw a clip. WTF did I just watch?
1	oh, i know exactly which scene you're talking about.
0	They also never fleshed out the LaQuint Dickey Mining Co
0	Searched, read, couldn't find a thing that shows Tarantino confirming this theory. Just speculation and liberty taking.
0	They're all your hats.
0	Staring God as himself.
0	"Which is why he said ""actually took place there."""
0	i wonder if the red mist will change his name like he does in the comics. MFer would have censors flipping it all day
0	No, that was scraped after Pepsi removed Under God from its can.
0	The one that doesn't exist.  There was no General Jar Jar.  Ever.
0	It's not.  At least not indicatively from that scene.  Perhaps some IMDB proof?
1	Everything is the academy's fault, don't you know?
0	That may the dumbest thing I have read on the movie to date. You might want to go back and listen to what Tarantino has to say about the movie instead of injecting your opinions. He wanted it to be both a fun action movie and also deal with issues of slavery. It can be both. If watching that movie makes you think nothing about slavery of the dark side of humanity you might be a complete moron. Its not a matter of its the ONLY thing that makes you think about those times, but it certain can evoke them.
1	You're crazy. DOOM, Prince of Persia, Mortal Kombat...all superb.
0	I was kidding.  I've read the books several times and seen all the movies several times.
0	Man these are fucking awesome!!!
0	everyone dies at the end ?
0	The Hobbit is a children book I would have been very disappointed if Jackson gave in to people like you and made an epic Lord of the Ring prequel out of it  and not the by far less serious adventure story it is and should be.
0	NDA violated the fruit police are on their way to your house
0	Adam Goldberg, ladies and gentlemen.
0	**STICK AROUND**
0	Rewatched the whole thing not long ago. It's simply a masterpiece
0	The hobbit is still filming so number 7 isn't true. Not to mention pick ups on the lord of the rings which change the number of days.
0	Hopefully something original. And with mouths.
0	Not Jack Reacher. The one where he is doing something on a dilapidated Earth and Morgan Freeman kidnaps him and he starts hanging with this underground society of subhuman or humans or something. Oblivion. Just looked it up. The other two are right.
0	Working off just the logline. Ouch. Tough break Erwin.
0	the dark parts of the movie were great, the bit where she's on call waiting with the witch were cringe worthy.
0	Fudge, Packer?
0	Fun fact: Lee Marvin plays the same character that Mel Gibson later played in Payback, and Jason Statham will be playing in the upcoming film Parker.
0	Important to note that decision is often held by the media companies themselves and not out of some fear of legal repercussion. More they don't want people to get disgusted and boycott their publication. Not only cowardice, but cowardice driven from the market.
1	I hope he sings!
0	Wouldn't really be Tarantino if he didn't.
0	Thanks! Glad other people enjoyed it as well.
0	Man this show really needed more Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.
0	EVERYONE'S ON COKE!! IT'S THE GLOBES, BABY!!
0	Anne is like every theatre girl I know, just prettier.
0	And people saying people who say its underrated are underated are underrated.
1	Eddie Redmayne you tasteless mongrel!!
0	Was wondering how I got upvoted for this comment. Sometimes when I remove things via phone, it doesn't go through.
0	so everyone in the theatre got to smell that for 2 hours? ugh.
1	What movie is this from?
0	The tetris colours are wrong.
0	Yes, but as a private owner you can decide which rights you buy and how long you keep them, instead of leaving it up to a corporation or franchise.
0	Make them some 3 am chili, and make sure your bathroom is stocked with ice soap, then.
1	This is a great idea, because the movies just keep getting better and better. The third one was just so great, so I have high hopes for the next one
0	"and ""duck you sucker"""
1	But, I thought practical effects are always better, and cgi sucks
0	no
0	your formatting is backwards. switch the parentheses and brackets
0	So we meet again Mr Jeong
0	That's Michael Fassbender.
1	How dare you have opinions! Downvote!
0	Does it matter? .NET's CLR is already a virtual machine. No sense adding an extraneous layer of interpretation.
0	Yeah, it didn't take too long and was probably a nice way of making the character more relatable for some folks.
0	You did your best.
1	Yes I too liked the costumes of the **entirely new** dwarves characters in The Hobbit that we already saw three times in LOTR.
0	Came here for Arrested Development quotes. Leaving satisfied.
0	What if that 9 year old girl cries if she doesn't win?  Why won't the Oscars think of the children?!!?
0	In another year it could have won Best Adapted Screenplay, but this year has been amazingly strong in that category. I have yet to see Lincoln, but can say that it would have been amazingly harsh to remove any of the other nominations. The cut-off for me is that Cloud Atlas struggled to really shine in the confines of cinematic storytelling, whilst I believe it was a great cinematic achievement, it is a very tough sell.
0	The alien on the roof scene. Fuck you, alien peeping tom! Stop scaring me.
0	You really got to get more specific here. Actor? Plot of the movie? Any named actors in the film? Genre?
0	I just googled him, oh god... the cowboy hat... what a douche!
0	But EsteBAN sounds more exotic... ;)
1	Well he did Dune, that ain't good enough for you!?
0	You've used the Twilight movies as drinking games? That's brilliant. However, watch out for liver damage :/
0	While I agree, I feel like in Sin City that was the exception to the rule.
0	Agreed. Why is it considered a remake. Why can't it just be a new guy playing Dredd, ala James Bond, Batman or the Punisher?
0	You didn't like Sculpey Potter and the Half-Rubber Prince?
0	Are you talking about 500 days of summer? I think it was in the playboy interview. I don't know if he disparages the character. I mean I agreed with him on all points, Tom was not really an admirable character, he was still stuck on what the relationship used to be rather than what the reality was.
0	I feel I must re-iterate, what does this article have to do with any movie?
0	BARRRRRRRRNEY GOO-GOO!!!
0	Darabont ruined The Walking Dead? Are you kidding me? AMC slashed the budget for season 2 and fired Darabont after he fought to keep the shows production value. Mazzarra ran this season into the ground because he doesn't know how to build up tension like Darabont and he relies on CGI WAY TOO MUCH.  Why do you think he's being let go now?
0	Evil Dead 2 was a remake of Evil Dead
0	I think someday it will be Anthony Michael Hall
0	I wouldn't say they make light of it.
0	Your statement is false.
0	I remember a comment awhile back saying that Rango was a great underrated film that more people should see. It grossed close to $250 million and won the Academy Award for Animation!
1	I, for one, loved him in Simon Sez.
0	never seen tropic , rainman was pretty descent . the others are why I can't stand cruise anymore.
0	"Yeah but you can hardly call steroids ""equipment"". Like I said, why are, say, protein powders not disallowed, while steroids are?"
0	They did have the same source material.
0	"Ooh, it's hissing! My training as a ""biologist"" tells me that this is friendly alien worm behavior."
0	Seems like midgets' lifespans are usually... short.
1	nah bro it's all about *Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance*
0	that was a great AMA.
0	That fing's not longer enough.
0	Probably, I havent seen them all. Also, punctuation would have been really helpful.
0	You think a lot of things are used interchangeably. Like apostrophes, where they don't belong.
0	Actually in the podcast he mentions its just an idea he hasn't actually fully developed or pitched yet. He's just too busy to do anything with it.
0	MY ISP. Hell yeah.
0	Apparently Bale is playing Tesla.  That's right.  It's a movie about a guy who's batshit insane, but Nicolas Cage is playing *the other guy*.
0	Fluid dynamics that look amazing are easy. Fluid dynamics that look so realistic you don't even notice them is much, much harder.
0	People actually liked the Robin part at the ending? I facepalmed at that part.
1	I've never read the Bible but it is the most barbaric piece of trash I've ever read!
0	"""Calling Batman 'The Dark Night' is a bit like calling Papa Smurf 'The Blue Patriarch'"""
0	Yeah. Cause it's not like Iron man would be expected to start flying because Iron man never flies.
0	The writer wrote traffic and syriana.  That's a good sign.
0	So brave
0	Is that your site or something? Because this is the 4th time I've seen you plug it today.
0	Fuck comic book movies
0	Gangster Squad looks like it might be the biggest slice of shit this year. I've been to the theater 5 times in the past month and saw the trailer for it before each and every screening. Each time I get 2 minutes to laugh quietly to myself.
0	From the thumbnail, I somehow thought this was skinny, buff Oprah. Don't ask me how.
0	oh yeah crap I forgot all about adding you to the list
0	No, you clearly do still believe in coincidences.
0	Who were the con men?
0	If you had to pick your favorite 10 out of your list, which would they be?
0	Seriously?  No complaints about how unreadable that website is?  You've let me down Reddit.
0	Lucas starred her in one of the most iconic sci fi trilogies in movie history. There's bound to be some love for that.
0	Not really. It's more like eating three muffins in a pack and giving the last to a homeless guy. He would want that.
0	"I googled ""movies released in 1982"" and wikipedia had a whole page about it. So I scrolled down and picked my favorite."
1	And we're all soooo excited for that.
1	Yeah, same with Venom.
0	Oh come on. It's nice to see someone do something other than relentlessly stroke his massive ego.
0	"Indeed, without union protection a ""talent based resource"" becomes a ""commodity""."
0	supposed release date is December 20th 2013.
0	Oops, thanks for catching that.
0	You should, I'd be interested to see how much was changed.
0	I don't see an easy-to-read Timex watch and Clark's desert boots.
0	"""Breasts, Mama. They're called breasts and every woman has them."""
0	I know this has been said but goddamn, if those weren't some of the most inane and useless questions that you could ever ask an Oscar winner...or anyone, for that matter. Tying his role in Django Unchained to the black candidate for the papacy? Really? Of course he doesn't care, there's no way to answer the question otherwise.
1	This gives me *such* high hopes for Transformers 4
0	Exactly! This was actually really funny.
0	So the crane killed a midget?
0	They did a pretty damn good job of it.  It took me a while to find that one.
0	I thought they were incredibly funny. Offensive humour speaks to me more because I love seeing a bunch of uptight people get their panties in a bunch. Like this thread.
0	oww my dick
0	Its not just a matter of being better.   Countries are offering subsidies to do work in their nation upwards of 50%.  This lowers the cost for fx work in other nations.  VFX workers can be much better at their craft in the US but it still wont be worth the cost savings paid for by tax payers in other nations.
0	Ha. Just you wait.
0	A prequel.
1	Oh I'm SORRY Reddit, for not joining in on your circlejerk. Dirty stoner whore, sleeping with a married man, BURN THE WITCH!!!
0	The 20's were a great decade for film.
0	... but why? For such a terrible movie?
0	Yeah, but he's two years older than me and in The Master he looks about 10 times craggier than I do.
1	Yeah, I wonder what the color timing and shade will be in another 50 years
0	By your command.
0	JFC dude I'm not gonna whack for ten minutes and not finish!
0	"I know.  I said a *pointless* cash grab.  Every movie wants to make a shitload of money for its creators because cinema is, after all, a business.  However, there's a big difference between movies that are awesome and make a lot of money (The Star Wars trilogy, ""The Avengers"", etc.) and movies that are obviously made solely for the purpose of being mindless schlock banking on a familiar name of some kind to generate some small measure of profit.  That's what the new Renner-led Bourne movies are, in my eyes.  His character wasn't even in that series - he's completely made up for the new flick.  It's fan-fiction."
0	yep, he died and then his wife came to take him to the afterlife. At least that's what I got from it.
0	They're not really related. Even the critics and fans who wildly praised the movie singled that element out as egregious.
0	So stiff she has already won an academy award and is up for another
0	You see, the fact I didn't think of that is the reason nobody gives me 300 million dollars.
0	I think that was the original authors at Marvel in the 1960's showing their ignorance.
0	"It is pretty confusing why they put pictures that don't have the name of M, which is the main point of the article, which even refers to ""documents"" that have her name. Right now, without a picture, we have no credible citation that this is her name. Just a guy who said ""oh I saw it on a prop but I didn't get a photo, I only got photos of the props that didn't have her name on it."""
0	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0	On the bright side they'll be using puppets and models for SFX as their CGI budget will take be monopolized making all these senior citizens look presentable on the big screen.
0	Well that's easy for you to say when you have the intellect of a nine year old, you little bitch.  I bet your just as easily entertained by packaging bubbles.
0	What does she look like?
0	One of reddits most favorite films featuring one of reddits favorite villain.
1	Maybe the whole movie could be about force ghosts.
0	"They are "" movie children"". You know, like how 30 year olds pass for high school kids in movies."
1	Randy.  Otherwise there'd be moral depth, and since this is animation, we obviously can't have *that*.
1	Yeah, but Pixar doesn't do what we expect, so it'll be Marlin.  I mean, that's obvious to everyone; we all *expect* that, right?
1	Yeah, knowing who the villain is before you watch a movie will totally ruin the whole thing. This is why I never watched The Dark Knight. I hate how they marketed it using such blatant spoilers. Did they even *want* people to watch it?!
0	"Very difficult? How so? The concept is simple, interrogation is a mind game; theater. The Jew Hunter is putting on a show, messing with the farmer's head. The milk drinking, the pipe, and fake joviality, all of it is intended to shake this stoic French farmer into confessing. The pipe was a brilliant moment, as the tension in the scene is already ratcheted up and when the comically large pipe comes out, you nervously laugh. When the farmer lights up his pipe, it is a way to gain some composure in the face of this monster in his home, but Landa turns the table with his own pipe, as if to say, ""I know you are hiding something and your tiny little pipe won't save you."" I do not think this is outlandish or a reach by any means."
0	I theorized, that Tarantino did it on purpose.  Showing that having a character set during slave times in the south using other slurs besides nigger is really strange.  It stood out to me and everyone I knew, so I wonder if it was on purpose.
0	You seem to have forgotten that movie actors are the most important people in the world, and if you don't instantly recognize them you are a worthless peon.
0	That it was going to suck some major monkey balls. I was wrong.
0	All of them.
0	Oh I'm sorry if I was unclear but I think Undiscovered is one of the better ones. Khan is easily the best but I think UC is as good as First Contact. I love me some space politics
0	how did i get through my childhood in the 80s and early 90s and never hear of this movie before?
0	Try watching the 9 minute prologue, it gave me hope that this isn't complete mindless action.
0	Watching it right now on netflix. The English dub is making it very difficult to watch
0	Was it influenced by Mass Effect 2?
0	What is this a reference to?
0	SHUT UP AND TAKE MY MONEY!
0	"Sounds like he already has the ""squirty-squirts""."
0	I thought it was awesome
0	this is exactly what I said when I defended the movie, but then...those fucking monkeys.
0	But that was a little piece of magic that's always in Indiana Jones near the end of them but they tried to make it seem realistic when they nuked the fridge
0	The Wachowskis haven't been able to catch a fucking break from critics since the first Matrix movie.  I loved *Cloud Atlas* and feel the same way about it that you do.  But I think *Speed Racer* is even more perfect for this thread.  *Speed Racer* is fucking brilliant.  *Cloud Atlas* at least got mixed reviews, critically.  *Speed Racer* absolutely bombed.
0	I wonder what fatality he'll use this time?
0	"Not trying to be silly, but what's the significance of this ""kill screen""?"
0	Is there any indication the EU will remain canon?
0	I am not really into movies at all, but this is still good enough to save.  Now I can learn about the creative process too!
0	So it's like you're getting a dime back?
0	Can I be in it?
0	Life of Pi looked amazing, yes. But the glow scenes just went overboard for me. I didn't like how fake and overdone the glowing effects looked on the island and the whale.
0	Classic.
0	JGL is already in everything, and I think Hardy's made his claim as well. Frankly I think we've seen JGL's range and he's already a very solid, dependable actor, if not the most versatile.
1	Yes, get the man fired *and* ruin his career. Great thinking.
0	I enjoyed Ralph because I am a video game nerd.
0	Not to mention the Dreamworks smirk.
0	That's like, your opinion man.
0	It's not rare, it's available for millions and trillions of copies...its digital.
0	THANK YOU. I actually looked up the historical inaccuracies after I saw the film and it had very few and very minor incidents, things like he wouldn't have used a wheel to hoist the flag, things like that.
0	No need to be guilty of Flash. He saved every one of us.
0	The sense of unease I got from this film was unlike anything I've seen.
0	Thank god it wasn't the rights to the pig fucker episode.
0	Crash Marketing?
0	This movie is so underrated.
1	Didnt they watch the movie? We dont need to explore space to find aliens.  We can instead spend that money exploring ancient humanity, as there is plenty of non-circumstantial evidence that we've been visited and 'created' by aliens here on Earth. Evidence like...pyramids, drawings of star constellations, big stone blocks, and weird almost artistic depictions of these large 'giant' human like people....Wow what a plethora of facts we can use to make very thorough conclusions.
0	Not to be a pretentious asshole but... have you considered new friends?
0	Let's agree to disagree.
0	By totally using it.
0	Thanks Dwight.
0	Zack Snyder's got a pretty good track record.  When he's good, he's really good.  I think he'll do a fine job.  Everything so far looks great.  I have faith.
0	Actually no, lasers appear collimated over short distances, but anything other than an infinitely large lasing cavity will produce not perfectly collimated light, which means it acts more like a very narrow flashlight. The amount of spread is dependent on the wavelength. It would be very possible to create a cone of say x-ray radiation that would just bathe a single solar system. I've worked it out before - if you scaled up current x-ray laser technology and used the entire output of a modern nuclear power plant to power it, you would create a 300 mile wide beam at the distance of alpha centauri. Use visible light instead of x-ray, and it's closer to solar system sized.
1	Yeah, because the government is generally an effectual organization in matters pertaining to research
1	Yeah. This movie seriously lacked realism.
0	Mul-teeee pass!
0	I found myself enjoying every single scene. Great movie.
0	This one makes more sense IMO.
0	Am I missing something?  What do you see as the problem with that synopsis?
0	Now I have to go watch a dude get his face smashed in with a gun handle
1	Great, another superhero movie!
0	The young people now did not think anything about it then.
0	I say, do a cross over film - do a movie with just Superman and Batman, that leads into a Justice League film.
0	Like Chronicle but a comedy.
0	It's the right cheekbone and the two lines from the nose to the corners of his mouth. The way they interact w/ the beard really sticks out as unnatural-looking.
0	I personally liked the kid who played Piggy in Lord of the Flies.
0	"The kid from Where the Wild Things Are is only ""feisty""? He's an unlikable little shit!"
0	What the heck is a shock band?
0	*explosion*
0	One of the worst ever? You must not have seen many movies. Unless your list is like 250 films long.
0	Well, you're going to get her in Oldboy later this year so might as well start getting used to it.
0	There's the problem. There was another Hulk movie and it tanked. Luckily, they can just reboot it. You get one shot at a Han Solo movie - if it sucks, you kind of have to toss it on the scrap heap.
0	Half-Life 3 better not be exclusively a movie.
0	That was a pretty cool scene.
0	SyFy?
0	For one, he looks cool as hell. Also, his demeanor is quiet and subdued, yet powerful and menacing. I agree with you, objectively speaking he's not a badass character. But every time he took the screen in the OT, his presence was remarkable and just exuded badassery.
0	Brace yourselves. Clever remarks about how we already know the ending of the movie because Sean Bean is going to die are coming.
1	Its not like they had their whole lives to accumulate wealth. Be reasonable
0	I think that is basically like the *And* or *With* billing, for a major star in a small role.
0	You might wanna recheck your maths on that one
0	The Guard as well.
0	Well, she's the star of the new Stephenie Meyers franchise.  So you're 0 and 2 on wishes.
0	"I've not heard this elsewhere, but this is my take on it:  When they pass through the threshold of the box (from forward time to backward time or vise-versa) there has got to be many moments where different parts of their bodies are operating in different directions in time.  I imagine this might cause some processes that happen on a very small scale to screw up the same way bombarding a cell with radiation causes errors in its DNA.  For example, a protein might not fold correctly if half of it is folding ""forward"" in time while the other half is folding ""backward""."
0	Maybe for mobile or some satellite-based Internet access.  I've never come across data caps on high speed cable or DSL (but I can't say I've made it a point to go out looking for capped Internet either).
0	So what you are saying is alien started it all.
0	No he's doing stuff that can disrupt an entire theater he shouldn't be in that theater... Especially not to see zero dark thirty
0	The whole thing's on YouTube. It's a masterpiece, Kevin Kline and Kenneth Branagh's delivery is perfect.
1	I know! I can't believe that all of those came out at the same time and people had to make a choice between them.
0	sure, buddy.  i bet you think theres 3 matrix movies as well.
0	Terrible assumption. Far from all nerds are fat.
0	Saw Rakata Prime, nostalgia'd HARD
1	The government is trying to prepare the public for artificial intelligence disclosure.
0	Wait really? I never picked up on it.
0	Yes. And they've already paid for thirteen more episodes for season 2.
0	Not only does it look gorgeous, but it's nice having something to go in between 100 and 500. Jumping right from $15 to $80 was a tad silly.
0	Underworld, Resident Evil, Salt
0	I don't think I agree with that quote. Can someone explain why I should accept a great artist steals?
0	I would love it if The Winchester turned up as one of the pubs on their pub crawl.
0	Then you can just watch YouTube videos of people trying to use nunchucks.
0	Canuck A?
0	I love how you know the real word. Done some research?
0	wonder how many times the owner gets pulled over (fucked with) by cops.
0	My gf is going to love this
0	Damn, I wouldn't want to meet Adam West's ghost.
0	I'll pass.
0	I understand this reference. Why couldn't you just have been happy using the AUG?
0	If the fight scenes are as difficult to watch (tell what the hell is going on) as they were in Transformers, I'm going to be really disappointed.
0	It would be too nice.
0	I don't care if Chevy Chase is an asshole. He makes me laugh and that's all I need from him. In fact ill go as far as saying that I hope Dan Harmon chokes on a legume briefly and gets a nasty scare. YEAH I SAID IT.
0	Used for something other than jokes in a comedy film? The most serious moment in the film was his dramatic outburst professing his love for one of the main characters.
0	I should have stated that this was movie canon and not comic canon, and also how the movie creators are trying to keep the comics somewhat relevant  to the comic's story line. Sorry about the mixup.
0	He is. In the first trailer he wears it without the suit too. By the looks of it it's some sort of brain-wave reader thingy.
0	I've pretty much gone off horror movies now. I mean you have like 5 or 6 people run like pussies from this 1 guy... how hard can it be for each of you to grab some kind of sharp object and wrap up the situation.
0	What software do you use when doing concept art?
1	You should probably stay outta there then, you might annoy some people who take it seriously.
0	In the context of a movie actors can make a lot of difference. Also, it's Wes Anderson so people are excited to see who has joined the crew.
1	GRRR!  You have expressed an opinion contrary to the opinion most popular in this thread!  Downvotes for you!
0	It was a fun movie.
0	"""Is be that guy""?"
0	Imagine Worldbreaker Hulk AKA The Green Scar. Grey Hulk had smarts, but he was weaker than average Hulk. Worldbreaker was more powerful, smarter and a lot more durable than other incarnations, especially since he's cooperating with Bruce Banner, not fighting him like usually.
1	Hopefully this one is just as good as the previous wolverine movie.
0	Check out comiXology and you can buy the issue and read it online.
0	Young boys don't like to play with soldiers and war machines?
0	False - options mean the theater has to upgrade to 3d projectors and therefore the costs are passed on to all of the audience (including 2d watchers).
1	You're wrong for having a different opinion.
0	Sounds really interesting; was not at all on my radar. Thanks for the post! I look forward to it.
0	*Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?*
1	why would he do that for TMNT?
0	Gross.
0	Nailed it.
0	"The root wood is ""finite"".  Definitely."
0	Doesn't stop the story from being great
0	It can't be the same as the book, but that doesn't mean it can't be good.
0	It's Blatant anyway. Petra knows something is up and says so to Ender while explaining that the game is against the adults, not each other.... Maybe it was Meeker, not Petra. not sure.
0	I think it would be better to completely start over at this point if they do look into making more movies from it since all the kids would have to be different anyway.
1	What a unique and rarely shared opinion.
0	....yeah but this was likely more in response to criticism of the accent than a deliberate joke from the outset.
0	But the movie never said it was based off the book. It was common knowledge that it would take the musical adaptation and turn it to a movie.
0	I really enjoyed I am legend. But I rarely have time to read books.
0	With Star Wars and Star Trek both getting new releases, I figure there must be something of an arms-race among the fandom.  Eventually this will probably be more common.  Rise of the uber-nerd, if you will.
0	Yeah, fast zombies suck, I totally agree.
0	reading this I had to go look on imdb.... did not have even the slightest idea
0	Gor-lah-mi
0	Yeah, that may be true. I didn't like that movie, but it was more because the style didn't appeal to me. He probably was a good fit for it.
0	Hi-def doin's for hi-def viewin's.
0	the vast majority of irish accents attempted by hollywood don't even exist except in hollywood
0	Who is rich that loses ALL of their money in that movie?
0	These are awesome.
0	Zombie's on a plane seems like a pretty cool idea. Other than that this looks pretty generic and the CGI weak to poor. I think it'll fair mediocre in the box office.
0	You sounded sarcastic in your previous comment. I get what you're saying.
0	***Well done***
0	Holy *shit* imagine waking up to all that commotion and not knowing it was a movie.
0	Debate, right. On one hand a professor with facts, on the other a shmuck with assertions proven wrong by the real world. Why do idiots think that smart people should debate them? - Because they are idiots.
0	Oh, thank you. SO much.
0	So does this mean the rumored Avatar-land is out? I was sort of looking forward to the insanity of it.
0	Singing in the Rain
1	Perfect comparison!
0	He killed people based on a set of rules, based on fundamental principles. E.g. if you kill a child, you are executed. One can argue his rules and punishments were not optimal, but it's still deontological.
1	I noticed the areola on the right is larger. Not symmetrical, would not bang.
0	Me too, his voice sounded like something out of a kids cartoon.
0	I thought Jill was cast pretty well, but the movie was still awful.
0	Then the studio should go fuck themselves.
0	Huh. TIL. Cool.
0	I like Reynolds, but the Deadpool we saw in X-Men Origins: Wolverine butchered the character.
0	It'll be Hank Pym in this one.
0	It is the physical manifestation of the universe itself
0	Thanks for making me feel like a loser.
0	He looks a little orange to me.
0	You mean Disney? Pixar is but a shell of its former self after the formal buyout.
1	Don't you just HATE these okes that feel morally obligated to leave the world a better place?  What a bunch of cunts.
0	Better have Kurt Russell in it.
0	I don't know if you've read Days of Future Past, but he's a pretty big part of that. I guess we'll see how close the movie is to the comic. Not being a big character before doesn't somehow exclude him from becoming one.
0	So you disagree with the Mr and Mrs Smith one because... The movie is bad?
0	http://
0	I would've loved to have seen Belushi in this. He had such a promising career.
0	Yes I thought maybe you didn't find it as funny because you didn't recognize the stereotypes, but if you did, what didn't you like about it?
1	"It's called a ""crook"" thank you very much. I didn't play Loom for all those hours for nothing you know."
0	Damn, that clip of him and Leo in Gangs of New York gives me CHILLS!
0	Ok I know this thread is old...but my fave Samuel L Jackson role just hit me...the voice of the crooked cop in Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas
1	Yep, they've definitely followed the same path so far.
1	"Something like ""Jack and Jill"""
0	Twist: in Monster world, 4th grade is freshman year of college.
0	HA!
0	It's been on the IMDB board for a while.
0	totally forgot about that haha
0	"You need to go rewatch that fucking movie if you think that's ""cheap ambiguity"". It fits the entire tone of the film."
0	Roll... Roll... Roll in ze hay!
1	Can someone link me to the scene where Kate Winslet takes off her clothes in this movie.
0	Just from that summary I would assume he meant that Cruise was *more* crazy than Bateman. So crazy even Bateman is humbled.
0	Yeah, should have been Die Hard with Richard Harris!
0	This article has a good point in spite of its poor rambling writing.
0	So they're doing a sequel? Cool!
0	How do you get a thin strip of fabric like that to stick to your face meaningfully? I remember I tried to make a DIY eye-mask and it was just floppy and flimsy
1	I was really looking forward to Magic Mike 2
0	I noticed Gosling's character wears a bald headed mask for his stunt scenes, which made me think he is supposed to be working on a Fast and Furious movie and is a stunt double for Vin Deisel. A kind of movie within a movie reference. And a F&amp;F film would make sense for a job considering how many are being made. Thoughts?
0	"I saw that it starred Dragonball: Evolution's Justin Chatwin. He should be proud for starring in two movies that could possibly take the crown for ""most irredeemable film ever made""."
0	*Produced by Adam Sandler*
0	It made a profit of $70 million.
1	Bout time he really put himself into a role for a change
0	Forgiven.
0	Oh yes, the ecstasy and guns version.
0	Do yourself a favor. Go watch Veronica Mars. It's first season is one of the best on to ever grace television.
1	That sucks. Makes earning 6-7 figures for a one to two month job not worth it.
0	Ah, the ol' nuss procedure.  I considered having it done.  What's the pain factor?  And have you ever puked from it?  Because puking is a big no no for me.
0	Cash-in 2: Electric Boogaloo
0	I can't confirm this nor am I an expert, but I have heard that you shouldn't claim facts about things based solely on hearsay with no sources or knowledge on the matter.
0	That's not the same thing at all, whatsoever. Harrry potter is set in a fantasy setting, but the kids still *behave* like kids in it.
1	I feel like no one has even heard of it!
0	Ah yes, that definitely goes on my list.
0	Yousa see, in this world there's two kinds of people, meesa friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. Yousa dig.
0	Still it makes them all worth watching IMO, especially if you have any interest in the art of film making. You don't have to like the whole movie but you can still analyze them all to death if you are so inclined.
1	but she has an active sex life and slept with errybody!  Slut!
0	The King of Comedy
0	I liked how the movie did it.
0	True. But the two are on totally different levels.
0	The Iron Giant
0	Ohhhh, ok. I see.
0	I can post my data if you want. Granted, some of the data points are a bit stale, if any changed over the past couple of months.
0	Shame the 3rd wasn't.
0	Not entirely incorrect. It had incredible cinematography and story-telling devices that, while nowadays aren't uncommon, were pretty revolutionary for their time. It's also a very good and well-acted tragedy, a genre which is a rarity in film.
1	Yeah! Fuck adaptation and self promotion! Those guys suck! ;)
0	He could have at least agreed to film them.
0	"I used to listen Smodcasts and Smornings a couple of years ago. I remember clearly this one time he was ranting about how cool it would be to make a movie about clerks operating a ""dispensary"" in Colorado and then had a moment of realization: ""I think I just talked myself into writing Clerks 3"". Did he actually follow up on that?"
0	Kid: Savages in this town.
0	"Lets say, ""saavy.""  Lets not go so far as to call them all smart."
0	nicolas cage
1	Wow, thank God you made this. Stephen Root just has one of those forgettable faces. I never would have made the connection these were all the same actor, even his voice is incredibly hard to pick out. He reminds me of Steve Buscemi, just one of those faces you forget. Great content, thanks OP!
0	I don't think any actor in Hollywood is that flaming.  This movie looks off-Broadway-theater gay.
0	Just another egocentric actor who can't take responsibility for his own shit.
0	Any good Dungeon Master should have a good understanding of storytelling principles.
1	I wonder if it's just a coincidence that everything looks symmetrical
0	No no, keep trying. Trolling is a difficult art form to get right, but when you do it enough you can learn to REALLY derail a comment thread.
0	All games of Monopoly are boring. It may be the worst popular board game there is, or ever will be.
0	A combination of the new 48 FPS tech, a week villan, and expectations being impossibly high due to LotR.
1	You are right, this is far worse because our sociotop cares about star wars, who needs ancient statues when you can't have Han Solo shooting first?
0	Jabba the Hutt was a powerful crimelord of Mos Espa. So his appearance makes a lot of sense.
0	I wouldn't really call that low cut for a dress. It's just that it's seems to be a size to small and they have her boobs all pushed up.
0	Either you've already read *Wicked* or you're going to enjoy it very very much.
1	So the idea now is to make a witch somehow want men to take notice of her clothes and tits.  I gotta say I love what they've done with her.
0	The new Wicked Witch reminds me of Helena Bonham Carter in either Sweeney Todd or Harry Potter.
0	The stupidity of that made my brain hurt.
0	I'm sure she'd do well in the role, but for some reason I'd like to see Isla Fisher get the part.
0	"I didn't even realize he was wearing make up to change his actual features when I saw this I only though ""Is he wearing lipstick...? He's got to be wearing lipstick, why?"""
0	Well there is speculation that the story will focus on Luke's kids, or Han and Leia's, so they will probably have smaller roles. Perhaps Luke in an old Obi-Wan type roll.
0	"Except it said ""squashes"""
1	Clear trademark violation. The Academy should go after Lucas.
0	I'm still not blown away by the previews for Iron Man 3, but I think this was the best trailer so far.
0	dont give a shit.  the guy isnt funny.  Taladega Nights and Stepbrothers?  2 awful movies.
0	I disagree. Heroin addicts don't spend more time shitting. You shit when you have to, and it's rabbit pellets.
0	As much as I love the guy I think I am more excited for Kristen wigg
0	That's a crazy mix of movies. Wonder if we'll see the influences overtly.
0	Indeed
0	Are you kidding? ... It's one of the worst.  It is a two-part movie, and the second part sucked.  How many gorgeous women did James hook up with in Casino Royale?  Right.  Where were his gadgets?  OK.  And what about his car?  ... Strike three.
0	Like the difference between pornography and a romance novel.
0	All very good films, and while I wouldn't say they were great, I wouldn't argue with someone who held that view.
1	Hurdur not allowed hear.  Don bee a bad man. Folloow teh rools.
0	"Definitely. There's ""so bad it's good"" and there's The Room, which people *should* watch because it's so bad."
0	A big silent one.
0	*why*
0	Not to change the topic too much but Stephen Colbert would probably an amazing host. He's a musical theatre aficionado, he can sing and dance, he's charming as hell, he's very respectful, but as we saw in the correspondents dinner he can zing with the best of them. The main problem would be who he would host as. His public persona is essentially his late night character, who wouldn't necessarily relish the ability to song and dance his way through a show although he would probably enjoy offending the nominees. Whereas real world Colbert would probably be a better theatre performer but not do such a good job as the harsh humour. Perhaps he could just combine the two but I can't see them asking him or him agreeing to it for some reason.
0	I wasn't allowed to watch TV after school during the week in elementary school, but on Fridays I was. I used to watch Jurassic Park on VHS as soon as I got home from school every Friday for at least two years. I think I can still say probably about 90% lines along with the movie.
0	No. Hurt Locker was bad from the getgo.
0	only films worth mentioning....The Back to the Future trilogy at LEAST 100 times possibly obscenely more
0	That is some paranoid shit. The CIA's budget has been steadily going up over the years. They have no reason to care right now because they have their money.No one on appropriations right now would cut the Intelligence budget.
1	Yeah man, LOTR was may over my head. Those never stood a chance at the Oscars.
1	Yeah! Movies that don't get the story facts right completely lack detail! That Amadeus movie? Salieri never did that! And those things never happened! What a sham! I can't believe that film is considered a masterpiece! How dare they change things around to make a story!
0	Rugby?
0	I'm not known for questioning Bert Renolds but I'm not sure what you mean.
0	Alternate cover for 'Django Unchained?'
0	He's actually a very tiny little sprite who operates the whole thing from a little cockpit just behind Hawking's right eye.
1	yeah he looks so gross omg ew
0	The last part isn't really true, people generally lived into the 60s, 70s and 80s, its just that infant mortality was so high that life expectancy was much lower. I recently read that a major selective force that extended human lives is that having grandparents around is beneficial for grandkids.
0	OKAY KIDS. EVERYBODY get off the others lawn!
1	*Yeah man that other underrated film totally did it first. What bullshit, this just shows that Hollywood has zero originality and everyone there is a talentless hack.*
0	Yes, good looking people play video games.
0	But...that's NCR. Not BoS.
0	What's the point of having other mechs from other nations when you're just going to scrap them all and have the American one save the world?
0	See, *SEE!* This is why Battletech/MechWarrior should be a movie!
0	Really? They pulled a similar trick as Batman Begins, but advertised it as a generic MCU movie. I'm just disappointed that I heard about it instead of witnessing it firsthand.
0	What they don't tell you is that there are 5 giant robots, and they combine and transform into an ultra mega robot that has a light sabre and wings made of pure energy that are somehow functional.
1	Maybe it's not the size that matters, but the heart of the pilots!
0	Who the hell is Charlie and why do I keep seeing that name in this thread?
1	Yeah, because Tony never put on the suit in this movie.
0	They should have given Jafar a good-looking parrot!
0	His dick is his motive.
0	Hey, getting your hand chopped off and falling off a huge cliff is no guarantee of death.
0	Not here man, we ban users on sight for racist jokes.
1	What? You didn't like his singing in Les Mis?
0	For those who don't know, 2, 3, and 9 are meant as jokes.
0	Russell Crowe. The man has the emotional range of a brick wall.
1	I know right? The blue and orange scheme is so overused it's absurd. I'm so glad Reddit avoids using it to and goes with the periwinkle and orangered scheme.
0	I liked that one too.
0	No, his death was actually non-canon.
1	Cranston's retort is poorly directed.
0	The switch?  Well, if I hear you correctly--and I think that I do--my advice to you is to finish your post, log out, and never mention this to anyone again.
0	They were kind of assholes about it, too.
1	Oh no, he has money!  I bet he's hoarding it *all* and doesn't spend it on *anything,* he just has millions laying around!  That's so unfortunate that he's not just going to dump millions of dollars into something other people are consensually willing to fund to make sure it can be funded without putting himself at financial risk!
0	^WOOKIEE
0	BUT. I. WANT. TO. BUY. THE. FUCKING. THING.
0	In fact, most don't.
0	Yeah I think it's the best way to go with these things. It's a bit jarring if an actor steps on stage &amp; then starts miming to a live B side.
0	I feel like you were taking crazy pills!!!
0	heh. *oh, yeah... Star Wars. I guess that's space fantasy too*
0	No thanks, happy with Firefox
0	Or it just isn't funny.
0	If you're talking about the post, I'm pretty sure it's satirical. I haven't seen any other hatred for what he's doing so if you're talking about something else, disregard me. I personally think it's an awesome idea.
1	How much did he have to donate in order to get to write a scene?
0	Beautiful.
0	I'm still waiting for a Die Hard/Lethal Weapon crossover movie.
0	I wish the admins would change the code so you could choose to remove downvotes as a mod of a sub. The CSS styling doesn't help much.
1	Shocking
0	Plus you can shuffle them into the theaters screening Tyler Perry movies and Scary Movie-type of redundancy movies, and save room at the other theaters for yourself. Zombies aren't movie critics, after all.
1	Will I get a producer credit?
0	This is pretty standard for advance screenings - they normally advise you get there early, as it's first come - first served.
0	Yup, I got the title confused with that Pirates of the Caribbean movie I never saw.
1	Cause you know:  fuck actors for having a life other than sucking some peon's pencil dick.
0	FUUUUU I love every Ratchet and Clank game ever made!
0	Agreed, but in some continuities so is Brainiac.
0	holy shit that's a stunner !
0	Hey! A point in life when there were jobs! And you didn't have to work for the first 25 years of your life and spend $120,000 just to get it! Ain't that fucking nifty!
0	Please tell me you made that up yourself because that's incredibly witty
0	Wanna make a joke take a joke
0	I'm being stupid and getting way too excited for this movie. I can't wait tho. It looks great, and not in the way that the last movie looked great. The latest trailer actually had its own new content rather than just aping the old movies.
0	That will be awesome, now Im excited!!
0	A Swat team isn't very effective when they are laughing themselves to death.
0	You know, I really feel like they have no reason to be in love with each other. I can get Jane's attraction, I mean, for starter's that is one hot piece of ass, and then you have that he's from another world and her life's work has been studying shit like that. Okay, sure, maybe he didn't personally do anything awesome to woo her, but I get it. But why the fuck is Thor into her? She did nothing interesting, just hung out, did some remedial (to him) science, and got in the way. And yet Thor was super bummed out that the light bridge was destroyed and he couldn't see her again. She did nothing of value or interest the entire movie. Hell, I think he even knows how shitty she is. When Thor came down to save the earth in the Avengers, he didn't even visit her. He see's Dr. Selvig, the man that she worked with on all of her projects...but he doesn't see Jane. They should have just left the romance out if it was going to be this stupid.
0	Yeah, but the American ending is different than the European one, I believe.
0	Ultraviolet. Should I be embarrassed that I knew that?
0	Finding nemo n a shark tale and antz n a bufs life were all good
0	a pig
1	Psh spoilers dude
0	Coach Wittenberg is his only enjoyable performance.
0	Looks alright, lots of fancy colour, sound and light, I hope there is some substance under all that make-up.
0	I couldn't tell how you felt about it by your first two sentences. Thanks for the clarification.
1	I agree, I mean Observe and Report was awful.
0	Turns out I was mentally blending your movie, Gray Matters, with Imagine Me &amp; You.
0	Sounds like a SyFy version of Olympus has fallen
0	"Have you SEEN ""The Greatest Show on Earth""?"
0	What is the owl's territory range? Because Big Mamma found the fox.
0	Sorry. No John Williams theme = no goodness.
0	Probably best to just use it as an high-budget illustration inspired on the book and not a direct conversion.
0	I actually saw this movie as part of a film festival on campus last spring. Knew absolutely nothing going in, it was a great experience.
0	We saw your balls, Jason segal
0	Uncomfortably good looking.
0	I'm pretty internet savvy, and I wasn't aware of how in-depth IMDB's content descriptions were until a few months ago.  I can only imagine how oblivious parents are to such information.  Until the average person is as aware of this feature as they are of Google, or until this information is presented in a better way, I don't see there being any change to the rating system.  The current one does the best job that it can, but parents are still being grossly irresponsible.  I had to make do with a small child (probably about 3 years old) in the theater for Django Unchained, of all movies.  You can't see the trailer, promotional materials, or the box office without knowing that it's going to be inappropriate for a noisy child of that age to go see.
0	It was a very interesting film.
0	BioWare was right!
0	Very good response attached to the emotion of the product, I was trying to find a difference/trend with the different amount of space you have to work with medium.
0	I think the hiphop score should work really well, and is a smart choice. During the time of the novel, jazz music was seen as extravagant and a little scandalous and subversive. But nowadays Jazz is seen as old-fashioned. Now, rap and hiphop sort of serve the same purpose that jazz served in the 20s. A fully period-appropriate, jazz heavy score wouldn't have the same thematic weight as a score using modern music, in my opinion.
0	Harry Lime should be number 1. Also Welles as Jonathan Wilk in Compulsion was a great entrace
0	Depends on the book.
0	It would almost be better if they did good Star Wars live action tv. But money.
0	I would watch the shit out of that movie.
0	Wtf is that ship? Please no time travel plot again
0	"I can't wait, too bad they don't have a movie still or something instead of ""clooney in a helmet"""
1	because nothing say realistic powers like dragon ball
0	That's why the prequels suck. They take a bad ass cool looking villain and make him so shitty that he deserves to die
0	I didn't know Hans Zimmer was scoring this. Holy shit I'm so excited now.
1	laser vision reflected from a mirror, duhh!!!!
0	"Actually they did call Batman ""The Bat"" several times. They all knew his name was Batman, but people often shortened it."
0	The Ambassador class was used in more than one episode of TNG, in addition to *Yesterday's Enterprise*, it was also in the TNG episodes *Data's Day* and *Redemption II*, as well as the DS9 episode *Emissary*
0	It seems like they TRIED to make this one as bad as the first one on purpose. Now it's just not as funny and is kind of sad.
0	Dear Hollywood. Make better movies. No one gives a fuck about smell o vision.
0	The Descendants
1	Ticket price $30
1	Yayyyyy. ANOTHER 8 dollars I get to pay!
0	"Oh good, this will give TV makers more stupid shit to try &amp; convince us we need to upgrade to. ""You have 4K? But, does it shoot water and fart smells?"""
0	Yeah, but his last name is Radd so it cancels out.
0	There really has got to be a better way to say that.
1	Yeah, I'm sure Harmony isn't in on the joke at all.
0	It was just over the top, poor acting. He didn't make me believe he was a nerd. It was always painfully obvious he was a person *acting* like a nerd.
0	No you won't. Not this specific.
0	Boneitis.
0	or what about hanging onto a nazi sub...
0	South will raise again, amirite?
1	That's going to be a very decisive factor in how good/bad Oldboy's going to turn out.
0	Yes
0	Michael Mann made Ali.
0	Well, at least you don't claim it means anything. You're merely sharing your findings.
0	Ah okay yeah you probably have more fumes than most places =p. But yeah regardless of where you're storing it it's best to make sure it's airtight.
0	Avatar is your favorite movie? I bet you're fun at parties.
1	Yeah but they stole thousands of dollars from Universal Studios by doing this since they did it themselves instead of buying an actual prop car from the film!
0	:( Broke my heart.
0	"Wasn't ""War Witch"" a Canadian film nominated for best foreign language film this year?"
0	Mhm I have to agree there but everything else is visually stunning about the film.
0	"I guess I'm not really sure about the distinction you're making.  I've never heard anyone make the ""showing versus telling"" argument outside of a print medium."
0	Pretty sure I read awhile back that Stan won't do any more Marvel cameos because his health is too bad.
1	Clearly, because Tom Cruise by himself is a terrible actor who makes terrible sci-fi movies.
1	Which is why Scorsese should've never made The Departed.
0	"Great. How much bullshit got added to the script for this? Know what her big thing is? Figuring out that the Persians were about to lose, ramming an allied ship as a ""no, I just got to outrun you"" dickmove, and then running like a bitch from the fight.  Seriously.  Much like the latter-day counterpart of the same name, she's a mediocre officer who's famous solely for her sex and not her quality."
0	It has a slow start, but the Visual Novel the anime is based on is even slower.
0	I for one believe this will still not hold a candle to the original. It might be good, and I love Brolin and Copley, but the review just made me want to see Park's masterpiece.
0	The line repetitions kinda make sense in context. I think it's supposed to be one of the seeds you pick up on.
0	Yeah... I actually reloaded the page thinking it stalled. 5 images does not a gallery make. I give this submission a C-
0	Behold Reddit, the pinnacle of topical humor.
0	good thing that's the last line amirite ?
0	Damn, MacAvoy's been busy
0	It's interesting though, it doesn't seem like he has an unhealthy view of women, just that he doesn't understand basic human emotion or how to convey it.
0	I meant in terms of getting it out there in the public, making good money so that the suits down kill off the comics.
0	If we have a roach problem why not just turn everything into fire?
0	everyone jerks to Fight Club
1	what? you didnt like DOOM?!
0	As celebration, I have so much celery in my butt right now.
0	"He has been quoted saying that ""Elysium"" was one of the best scripts he's ever seen. Just because it came with a huge book of concept designs for everything in the movie made by Blomkamp."
0	I could just be remembering it differently (shaky cam action and all) but didn't be unlock the guy's cage during the fight scene?
0	Yeah, if you could just tell me where it is on the screen, that'd be great.
0	"Needs landmarks for comparison (Eiffel Tower, World Trade Center, Empire State, etc.).  Also, ""Gojira"" was made into ""Godzilla"" for English speakers."
0	Godzilla is actually a lot bigger, anyone who has seen the films should know this.
0	All I can see is a GoPro on the back of Damon's head.
1	haha
0	Nnnnnoooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnn riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn ddddddddddddddddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeee rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
1	Haha Brokeback Mountain jokes are hilarious.
0	"Black Widow is very connected to Winter Soldier, he trained her, they worked together for the USSR and were romantically involved. It makes a lot of sense for her to be in this movie. Hawkeye could work great in Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. with Mockingbird or maybe be S.H.I.E.L.D.'s ""eye"" on Hulk in a future movie with him."
0	Huh. So how does it work for something like the game Marvel vs Capcom 3?
0	Talk about a ridiculously long thing to watch. I don't think I know a person that could sit there for 7 friggen hours. WTF. I can't even comprehend how long that is!
0	Lensmen for the win!  Though admittedly I have several false starts into the series finding it difficult to eventually get into so I can understand why more people might not have picked it up.
1	It's real
0	So movies don't work for everyone. I didn't care at all for Argo.
0	Men who stare at goats. That movie. Will take your mind off everything as you attempt to figure out what the *hell* is going on.
0	There was a remake?
0	Watchmen, I think people were just expecting it to be different, but I absolutely love the tone of it. The acting was a great and the special effects were perfect. I just feel a 64% on RT is too low.
0	I just fucking shit my pants.
0	Priorities.
0	Awwww, I love Dr. Horrible's end - it makes the movie and excellent musical comedy *and* a heartbreaking tragedy!
1	You would've loved the mainland Chinese ending to Infernal Affairs.
0	"Oh god. it's dumb but General Tso's chicken from ""china"" was amazing when I was there. I wish the whole planet was like epcot."
0	"I just downvote anyone who edits their comment like this. ""Typical. My highest rated comment is about Swiss cheese."" Who cares?!"
0	To be fair, I only say that about the airbender movie.
0	This is now the list of the next 50 movies I'm watching.  I loved everything I recognized, and have heard great things about everything else.
0	He says this, yet he backed the Evil Dead reboot which is another boring generic 2000s horror pile of crap.
1	What, racial stereotyping in robots and robo-pissing doesn't cater to MENSA crowd?
0	The first Saw movie was awesome. Have you seen it or are you just assuming based on the HFCS candy horror that the sequels became?
0	..... and the answer took less than five minutes. Thanks dude! Upvote for *speed*.
0	I thought we were using the butter for lube?
0	It's hard to objectify someone when you suddenly realize that they're a person.
0	on it!
0	He was an absolute workaholic. He reviewed over 200 movies per year, after he had gotten cancer. Jesus, that man's work ethic was insane. He will be missed.
0	I've seen multiple trailers now and still don't have much clue for the film is about, I'm not sure if I should read the book before or after I've seen the film?
0	age 120 so cute :D
0	Beards make everyone look older.
0	We openly carried cigarettes in 9th grade.  The teachers got upset if you lit one indoors, though, so we weren't totally wild.
0	What sucks is that those slow-mo scenes stick out like a sore thumb in the 2D version. The movie really suffers for it.
0	I seen cosplayers with better looking outfits
0	See, THAT is the correct way to cheesy reboots. You don't blow $200 million on a one-off kid's tale.
1	and never take a risk
1	Uh no.  But now that you mention it, putting Jar-Jar in THERE WILL BE BLOOD could have improved it.
0	I'm going for the 3D, and the fact that even in my home theater I can't just blast a movie like that full volume for 2 hours because we have small children.
0	Danial Day Lewis does: *Dude Wheres My Car*.  As a method actor I can see him preparing for that role by locking up in a room for a month baked out of his mind watching nothing but Animal Planent, and Baywatch.
0	The writing is so bad in the prequels that no actor could make it watchable.  Remember Jar-Jar?
0	Yeah, I'm not sure how real it was. I think the basic premise was real but they probably got some extra footage to tell a better story out of it.
0	I actually liked that movie. I find it hard to dislike a movie with Abraham Lincoln as an action hero fighting Confederate vampires, though. I will admit it could have been a little less serious.
0	Independence Day, The Day After Tomorrow, 2012
0	I just now realized that JGL would make a fantastic Case for *Neuromancer*.
1	This animated film, meant for children, doesn't specifically cater to MY discerning taste, therefore it's an abomination.
0	Jaws.  He just wanted a snack.  Who doesn't like snacks?
1	Producers: 'We feel that not enough films feature the UK, especially downtown London. Wouldn't it be so original of us if one of the Avengers destroyed Big Ben?'
0	Is it me, or does Charlie Bucket look like he joined *The Village People*?
0	Does anyone else think Mike Teavee looks like he could be a cable repair guy in real life, or maybe a guy who works in the TV department at Best Buy?
0	She only came out to the public last year, it's not exactly general knowledge.
0	To be fair, I didn't hate Indy 4 because of Harrison Ford's performance.
0	I don't understand your comment. I mean, yes, you can read into any movie. So what? The question was, what movies bother you *when* you read into them. My answer is Oceans Eleven.
1	OMG SPOILERS!!!
0	Thats not a plot hole
1	How natural they left them! How shiny their eyes are! How flawless is their skin! So genuine !
0	I don't understand people who complain about plot holes in the new Bond movies. Has everyone forgotten how ridiculous pretty much *every other Bond film in history* was?
0	It's one of my favorites as well. The directors cut really is a must see if you like the movie, it adds several new dynamics and story lines to the plot. It's close to a night and day difference when comparing the two versions.
0	I wonder if Cocteau designed the Beauty and the Beast poster - he was a fine artist as well as a filmmaker.
0	Wow dude...this reply is so fucking stupid that I now have a head ache. Thanks, I'm going to go lay down now.
0	I sincerely hope I am wrong, and you are right.
0	I don't want him to ever die.
0	But only the Canadian release if I'm not mistaken.
0	Yaaarrrrr!! He be Wash too!
0	That movie also had one of the coolest looking monsters I've seen.
0	Banderas's role is officially Gregorio Cortez, from what I've heard.
1	That's why they're called silencers, silly.
0	Anyone notice in the ads that Will Smith sounds funny? Is that some sort of attempt to make his kid not sound stupid?
0	Or he'll deliver bombs to the mods' house using TNT airmail.
0	Oh he didn't mention, Unicron is renamed Klancon and is shaped suspiciously like a white hood.
0	i think it worked for Firefly.
0	If things go awry to the point I'm falling off a giant cliff you can bet that's the sound I'll be making
0	And then there's a dial tone. Has anyone in Hollywood ever used a phone? There's never a dial tone right after one party hangs up.
0	"I am! People keep going on about this non-problem and they sound like *dicks* when they do it! You don't think this is annoying? ""I'm *so smart* and *so cultured* that if you give me even two recognizable moments in a trailer, I'll be able to figure out the entire plot of the film in moments. Ugh, so *boring.*"" That's what these guys sound like. You may not see it the same way, but tell me you can't see where I'm coming from."
0	FROGS!!!!!!!
0	I wish more people understood that not every movie is aimed at them. Some movies are made with particular people in mind, so it should be expected not to appeal to everyone.
0	Because, as Cutter said, the audience wants to be fooled. They want to believe that Angier didn't really die in the tank; that it was all an elaborate trick to enact revenge.
0	HD.
0	If it's a severed head, I'm gonna be very upset.
0	I don't like cilantro.
0	That. I argued with people at the time that classic Green Lantern comics *were* as cheesy and ridiculous (okay, actualy *more* cheesy and ridiculous) than the movie.
0	Garage scene.
0	Enter The Betty!
1	Yeah, Summer Glau is a real cow now.
0	It is kinda funny how it would be basically the same movie with the lead doing the same thing just with new people
0	Your enjoyment.
0	I was pretty excited when I saw it came out last night. Finally, an artsy kind of dramatic movie that I can record and watch on my own time. I always have difficulty getting to theaters to see movies like this because none of my friends are very interested in paying to see these kinds of movies and no one ever makes time for it. I have it recorded on my DVR now and I'm just gonna take a bubble bath with some pink champagne and watch it in my extravagant mink robe afterwards with some pigs in a blanket.
1	But but but he didn't behave how I wanted him to! What a terrible movie!
0	It honestly was a descent film but I never thought it would out gross the other two Iron Man films combined.
0	Because everyone (except for me) has a massive hardon for Charlie Kaufman's screenwriting; and I just don't get it.
0	Clint Eastwood. But I'm assuming you mean directors who were young that still produced amazing work when they were older. Milos Forman did People vs Larry Flynt and Man on the Moon in his sixties.
0	have you seen the Thomas Jane Punisher short film?
1	there's a subtle difference: the artist MAKES art, whereas the designer DESIGNS art. if he personally constructed the canvasses himself, then he'd be an artist.
0	I found nothing whatever redeeming about this film.
0	I feel like a sociopath after reading these comments because this movie isn't very upsetting to me.
0	peasant, like a scullery maid
0	The second one is shot in black and white and may or may not have happened within the continuity of the series. It was stupid as fuck.
0	Sharknado looks fucking awesome. And I bet Tara Reid's freak-tit makes an appearance.
0	And I love it.
1	What, you mean Sharknado and The Blue Apple Tree are bad movies? They sound like great movies!
0	"Someone should do the ""doesn't change facial expressions"" gif with these holy shit."
1	Those darn natives!
0	Nice to see Barry Bostwick and Tara Reid finding work.
1	Yes!  We'll get to find out who Sifo-Dyus is!
0	NSFW please
0	"""most unsettling things I've ever experienced in a theater."" -Shitty_Fat-tits"
0	I disagree. That part **made** the film. He was the brains of the entire operation. No its not a dramatic lead role, but its a totally respectable one considering the genre and subject matter.
0	I would like some new movies instead of reboots.
0	Hot damn, Transformers and the Boondock Saints must be works of art.
0	Yeah, the original poster is classic. There's even a clever homage to that poster in the remake.
0	I am more waiting for Hollywood to do it for the first time .... you know .... in a way that even vaguely resembles the book.
0	I was actually 26 when i first saw it.
0	The sea battle at the end was one of the best in movie history.
0	I need to watch this again. I watched it when it came out and absolutely loved it. New-Noir goodness.
0	also the same girl that took naked pictures of herself for her boyfriend.  the irony here is off the charts.
0	woops.
0	Yes, for the greater good.
1	Because watching the trailer and getting an idea of what happens just ruins the entire movie and makes it an unenjoyable experience.
0	It seems like a high proportion of 'good' films share this in common - the bad-guy/anti-hero wins.
0	Chinatown
0	Yea uh huh. Like that's happening.
0	Hahaha such a funny thing to cross-stitch.
0	You called him dumb or a troll. That's upset in my books. You could have simply asked for clarification if you were indeed confused instead of being rude, vague, and arguing against something which the OP had never even said.
0	"Guys, don't just downvote someone because they said they liked it, that's not what downvoting is for. The comment ""Nay"" shouldn't be upvoted if the comment ""Yay"" is getting downvotes. Both contribute to the discussion and deserve to be read."
0	Wow it's almost like sexual fantasies require suspension of disbelief
1	Well this was a director I was totally not expecting to see here.
0	I hope they raise the funds. Just north of $100k in 13 days... they've got a lot of hustling to do.
0	Nah, they just risked the life of their 12 year old lead actor by firing a machine gun 10cm from his head. The crew, 8 years of preproduction and the studio wouldn't have minded either, they had a whole stable of replacement lead actors in case his brains were accidentally exposed.
0	Probably will be one of the two or three movies a year I see in theaters.  A modern Godzilla movie will most likely be worth paying for the big screen.
0	Ah ok, that makes a lot of sense. Thanks a lot for explaining!
0	I agree the yelling of Kahn was goofy, but that scene as a whole was well acted and very touching.
0	From the thumbnail I thought the first one was Ten regenerating. I was wondering why anyone would want such a sad picture on their desktop.
0	RRRRRRRRUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!
1	Dude! Spoilers!
0	Seattle doesn't have an underground subway system though. We have some bus tunnels downtown, an above-ground light rail to the airport, and a monorail from the 70s. None of them look like that.
0	Eugenics Wars.
0	I have to say, I enjoyed Moulin Rouge for what it was, but Luhrmann's visual style is too jarring for me. I can't handle watching his movies. They're so overly-stylized that it detracts from the *usually* good performances of his cast. I found that Moulin Rouge is the only movie where the actors were able to keep up with the style, and even so they still felt incredibly forced. He barely gives the characters a chance to really flesh out and become interesting.
0	That's what I love about multiculturalism: so many options for food, you could never get bored.
0	"It's a little too perfect... Like ""beard in a can"" perfect."
0	And those who don't google will think Bakchodi is the religion centered around Amitabh.
0	Wow, that is some fake hair.
0	One of the reasons I laugh whenever some says that liberals in the US are to the right of conservative in Europe.
0	Yes, it was.
0	Do or do not, there is no consider!
0	Clearly forgetting Grown Ups
1	But boys can't be affected by negative body image, duh. Only girls.
1	Most everyone who watched it did though, hence they walk away saying it sucks since obviously a film about giant monsters can't have character development and introspection.
0	psst... thanks.
0	No, you're not. People have been drawing comparisons to Eva since the first trailer.
1	The first dredd had a budget of 45 million. That's what zach braff made right?
0	I don't think Kickstarter is well understood by many people. A Kevin Smith Kickstarter project doesn't make other projects more difficult to see or to support.
1	Well, obviously there's a finite pool of money and if everyone gives Kevin Smith money then there will be no money left over for other projects.
0	I think Smith has voiced my opinions on the subject. Kickstarter is becoming a pre-order store. In no time big studios will start using it, since their actors are already doing so.
0	Uniform except for Pocahontas, that is. But I guess you can't exactly bedazzle a leather onesie and have it make sense.
0	"I'm pretty sure that most people's ""WTF"" reactions has a *little* to do with his skin color. Just a tiny, tiny bit."
0	And the trademark over the top badassery to top it all off!
0	Calm down man, jeez.
0	Alright, allow me to rephrase. I don't understand why you brought it up at all.
0	Great movie. Rented it for a dollar from RedBox 3 years ago. Worth it.
0	The imaginary numbers are how reddit sorts content.  If you stop caring, any good content is drowned by crap.
0	His performances in Ali &amp; I Am Legend were wonderful.
0	The character's name in this film is just Tim Lake.
0	Blade Runner was infinitely more enjoyable than Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep.
0	the medium of the internet flexing muscles. Check out zack braff's animated comics for where it's going.
0	Good, breakfast burriots are amazing.
0	70's Wolverine making fun of modern Wolverine for wearing one of the leather X-men jumpsuits and modern Wolverine getting all embarrassed and pissed off.
0	It's like watching half the matrix...randomized...with parts of Bowling for Columbine mixed in.
0	Each one one of these upvotes represents a life *you* helped destroy.
1	OMG! YES! I hate new original ideas and love when the same ideas are recycled and revisited for *decades*, so this is great news!
0	He probably would have had it done sooner if he and Jay weren't sitting around like a couple of fucking porch monkeys.
0	Watch Kill Bill, and remember to see them both back to back. The rest you said I have never seen.
0	What was wrong with Quantum? seemed okay to me
0	"""Ghandi""?"
0	Character wise
0	Unlike the actual movie, which loved to stretch the shots out.
0	It reminded me of the slow motion forest chase sequence in Sherlock Holmes.
1	Yep, that is exactly what happened, the war in the east also only took 6 months
0	Thank you, POtA marketing department.
1	Why does she keep calling blondie a cunt? It seems like he is trying to help.
0	I was really late in discovering this movie but it is absolutely fantastic. I'm not sure which genre I'd file it under because it doesn't exactly feel like a horror movie to me. Nonetheless it is stylish and a classic story.
1	Yeah, that's why spiderman 3 was the best!
0	But is the picture itself real?
0	Pacific Rim? Man, you should get out more if *that* is what is luring you back to the theater. Looks incredibly stupid to me.
0	Which is why it needed a reboot.  New blood working on it and a new timeline to work with.  The franchise needed that hard reset so that it could distance itself from the mediocrity of the TNG movies and Enterprise.
1	No way that they could improve over the Dungeons and Dragons film we got back in 2000.
0	The forest fight scene in Transformers 2. One of the few fights where the camera was pulled back far enough that you could see the entire fight, and goddamn it was glorious.
0	article, not comments
0	Connection through production, concept, narrative, characters. None of these are in any way related to Captain Phillips. Cloud Atlas is a completely different beast. The same actor is in both movies. Nothing else. Whatever, this is so incredibly stupid that you keep arguing over it. Take this blue thumb and shove it up your own ass.
0	I didn't write it off for the recast, I wrote it off because it bored me. Thor was much more intersting out of Phase 1, but TIH was very forgetful. Plus, Norton didn't make a great Banner imo, unlike Ruffalo who captured the intelligence, fear, &amp; inner turmoil better than anyone else who's tried.
0	After Stark's cameo in hulk, I expected them to go down the ultimates route. Avengers assemble to take down the hulk in the 1st act, loki turns up and they have to use hulk to beat the chitauri in act 3, rolls credits. I imagine they are reluctant to use hulk as a villain though.
0	Yeah it was basically a reboot after just one film.
0	Jeepers I wasn't born in America but I consider myself American...
0	No, it's really not.  It's a simple trick.  Dude, you could learn how to do it in 5 minutes and master it in 20.
0	Sounds like a Spanish porn star.
0	Was that the movie or was it a trailer?
0	Love to see some of his monsters at the top...
0	I love it,and so do you.
0	Oh the humanity, they have to settle for a few million dollars.
1	But he can shoot arrows like they're bullets!
0	I wish Cheadle would use his awesome Ocean's franchise british accent all the time.
1	BUT IRON MAN!
0	Kickstarter is not charity. It's crowdfunding. And please, just because zach has money dosn't mean he has the liquidity to risk a personal investment in a movie(which is always a risk), no one does that.
0	Oh internet.....I can never tell when someone is joking or retarded.
0	No. He didn't do the role because they had differences in how the hulk should act.  It was a constant fight for him and he made many enemies after the hulk was made.
1	yeah, have you not read his wiki page and rotten tomato ratings?
1	I love how everyone is blaming Marvel, yeaaaa, Stan Lee the owner of Marvel really is pissing people off
0	With enough smoke and mirrors and tape and support undergarments, Robert Downey Jr. could pull off the Black Widow suit.
0	One word: Antman!
0	"That bit isn't so bad if you suspend belief. The average person is able to let that go because ""maybe it would work i guess i mean i'm not an expert."" but aliens and rope swinging at like 80mph is just crazy."
0	Hey, you should edit this to fix the typo.
1	Spoiler alert!
0	Wait. There are 4? The first two were alright. The third I made it 15 minutes in and that was it. Not sure I want to know about the 4th one
0	I'm also debating on whether I should pick up the book now or watch the movie first. I'm reading A Storm of Swords and I can't tell if the Game of Thrones show is spoiling the book for me, or if the book is spoiling the show. Maybe one day I'll stop worrying.
0	And illiterate apparently.
0	There better not be some sappy love story with Petra.
0	I like that you explained that to him when you could have just told him to RTFA where his question is basically answered.
0	I enjoyed the hell out of MIB3. What was your main complaint?
0	I'm glad I downloaded Your Highness for free because if I had paid to watch it I would have demanded my money back. That puppet wizard molestation gag was utterly terrible and could have been completely removed. It killed an otherwise mediocre movie for me.
0	No Janelle Monae? What the fuck are you doing, Luhrmann?
0	I honestly doubt that americans who aren't already familiar with the boys from their two other projects (possibly 3) are even going to bother seeing this so there probably isn't much of a worry.
0	drive. I REALLY didnt like the music.
0	Finally something actually hidden and interesting.
1	No way, he says himself that he's a shitty narrator
0	wow there were people who didn't notice yinsin in Bern? I thought that was obvious.
0	It's pretty much a straight up Red Dawn rip off, not that great IMO.
0	I first watched *Pulp Fiction* on Netflix, maybe a year and a half back. I certainly think they shouldn't keep taking it down, but it being on Netflix isn't exactly breaking news.
0	probably because thats the tried and true way of getting people to see a shitty movie
1	"""We have a hit on our hands, so lets throw more explosions, more tech, more fire, more special effects, more powerful suits, more suits, more of everything!!!"" Yeah, that'll be great!"
0	wasnt it a person with superpowers?  I thought they made it fairly clear that the hot people can stop the suits, cut the suits, and overheat the suits and fry the people inside like fish.
0	Pretty easy to look handsome in between those two
0	That's not a popular opinion, but i'll just state for the record that I agree with you.
0	Hardly unknown. Reading that also made my head hurt.
0	"It happens when Rhodey is in the Iron Patriot and going to all those ""terrorist bases"". Tony calls him and asks who set up the Iron Patriot and Rhodey says AIM."
0	Thanks a lot man
1	Yeah, idiots! If you're going to live in AMERICA you better learn our language!
0	This is a reason why nowadays majority is green screen (well for television anyways).
0	Do the words make sense, or is it gibberish?
0	City of God?
0	You should try the pirated audio books. They are great.
0	I can't think of a good way to have this in the movie. And it would also be the first thing I cut anyway
1	But it's so fuckin' edgy and grown up. You're a fag for not agreeing.
0	If that one clip is any indication, an army appears to be around 12 kids instead of 30+ like in the book.
0	Gesundheit
1	In space, clearly.
0	I'm over 30, and I don't agree.
0	Yeah, shame they left out the dinosaurs cursing and hot dinosaur-on-dinosaur action.
0	You know what else can mean resurrection? Zombies.
0	Look, gueys, I know I'm going to get downvoted to hell for my strength &amp; originality to go against the critics &amp; the rest of the world, but Avatar was just Pocahontas with Smurfs. I made that up myself, isn't it hilarious? My friends say I'm the clever one of the bunch. But seriously, I know this is a very unpopular opinion online and no one has ever said it before. So please be gentle with the downvotes, and respect my bravery.
1	I can't make funny quote when drunk with my bros, the movie sucks!
0	Fixed point in time and all that.
0	The ending left me feeling so empty. It was amazing.
0	And if I recall, filming took so long he ended up being 16 or 17 by the time it was done anyway.
0	Also 6000 pages is going top take some fucking writing *glares at grrm*
1	This isn't true. The internet and piracy is killing the movie industry.
0	That's.... actually better.
0	I'm probably in the minority (actually know I'm in the minority) but I thought it was just ok.  I was much more entertained by the pictures in the credits that showed everything that happened during their epic trip than the trying to piece it altogether.  I would have much rather seen the actual night than them running around randomly.
0	I've never watched the show, but I've seen people suggesting the lead from Walking Dead would be good. From photos I've seen, he certainly looks the part.
0	Shouldn't the screen be taller than that?
0	What the fuck was wrong with the klingons we all know and love?
0	Ghost Rider 2
0	Yeah that one flew under the radar but it's great. It's a 2009 movie though, and that year had loads of huge flicks like Inglorious Bastards, Star Trek, Avatar, Up, etc. which I think might have made getting noticed more difficult for smaller conceptual movie like this.
0	No lie, that was the worst movie I have ever seen.
0	Don't you know that Rotten Tomatoes is the be all and end all of film?
0	Is it not possible to remove a watermark?
0	I loved that part, so different strokes I guess. I'm quite a fan of the movie's soundtrack in general.
1	but but it has Johny Depp being *weeeird*, that alone should sell the movie by itself!
0	Especially bad with british shows. I'm already struggling to hear what their saying with an accent and now I have to do deal with shitty sounds.
1	And none of them have made a profit . . .
0	Marvel recently got the rights to Blade, Daredevil, The Punisher and I think Ghost Rider back. I would love to see those characters brought to the screen right (Blade was done pretty well the first two times). I would actually really like to see Thomas Jane back as The Punisher. I didn't like that movie very much, but I thought he played the part well. He also made a short film called Dirty Laundry that shows how committed to the part he is.
0	Yet the second one continues from the canon laid out in the first.
0	It's cheesey but it's also very in line with the kind of mid-fight banter you see in mecha anime (the real kind, not Evangelion), a genre that revolves around camaraderie and working as a team with it's heroes.
1	I see piracy has really hurt their income.
0	It's Caslon actually. Still looks pretty fresh for a 300 year old font.
0	You forgot *A Goofy Movie*. Everybody loves them some goofy.
0	omg so nerdy lol so random
1	so it's a documentry?
0	i really loved Brave.
0	Wat
0	Come on man, that zombie's teeth clicking and face was pretty funny. I couldn't help myself from laughing.
0	Everyone has nightmares.
0	Jobs and other responsibilities.
0	My grandpa bought a nice HDTV. Uses SD.
0	I've always thought that wearing leather would be a sensible move.
0	I meant thematically but they actually do take place in the same universe. I forget how to spoiler tag this shit but if you do some googling, you'll figure it out. Enjoy!
0	Okay, just don't stick your dick in it.
0	for some reason i cant get this to play beyond twenty seconds. It just stops and buffers. Tried over and over. Same thing.
0	yup, it's technically in the same series of films as the reeve films
0	that's the impression I got. a nod to his own work, at least.
0	Dungeons and Dragons, just to see Jeremy Irons try WAY too hard.
1	Spider man 3
0	Very good. It's not as good as the original, but it easily ranks in the top half of Pixar's films (which I consider high praise).
0	Nope, I thought that it was decent.
0	Schindler's List.
0	How is that possible? That shit was so obvious. It was like they were incorporating the trailer for the next installment into the movie.
1	"I'd actually be excited if it wasn't just ""x gets taken, and Liam Neeson kills everyone and gets x back."" They should definitely at least try to change the story line/direction of the plot. For example, I'd pay to see a movie where he gets taken himself and has to stage some sort of prison break. Instead of the same action film, you get a prison break. Damn, Hollywood should be paying me for this shit."
0	"I think you are completely misunderstanding the term ""easter egg""."
1	so they all gained one piece of clothing to stereotype them, well played pixar.
0	"Not using Nolan's Gotham in the ""DC Cinematic Universe"" would be a terrible mistake. Not using Justin Gordon Levitt as Nightwing and not drawing similar lines to the multi-billion dollar trilogy just seems dumb."
0	While I love the EE of LOTR, the Hobbit already feels bloated.  I can't see what they can add that is worthwhile.  Of course, i will also wind up getting when it is released, because I am a sucker
0	Saw the first Toy Story in theaters when I was 10, and my face during seeing the 3rd one in the theaters was consistently between D: and ;_; the entire time.
0	Peter Russo is the single most compelling character in television, IMO.
1	Yet for what the film was, it still has a higher rating than all of the twilight films, because its a better film and most girls who love twilight liked the 2nd third with Bradley Cooper
0	I honestly think Monsters University was more entertaining for the college kids in the theater than any other demographic.
0	I am a hispanic, and I would feel a lot better about losing my family if I became a Pitt.
0	You mother fuckers keep forgetting about Cars.  Cars 2 was awful because it was the unnecessary sequel to the only awful Pixar film at the time.
0	That's Jim Carreytarded.
0	Later than it would have, though. Or something.
0	How large could I print these? Any way of knowing apart from me saving each and looking at the ppi?
0	dumbed down? didn't Max Brooks say that basically the only thing they kept was the name?
0	Start the reactor, Quaid
0	All the extra footage sounds like it simply fleshed out more of the first half. Which would help the pacing issues, but it doesn't take care of a huge detriment with the final product; a non-existent middle act with an unrelentlessly long climax.
0	Downvoted for the stupid, sensationalist editing of the headline.
0	"There is clearly a ""Th"" in there."
0	He's going to drag his career down along with his kids careers.
0	Thats not fucking Magneto.
0	Clockwork orange movie just missed the last chapter of the book.
1	But that was BATMAN!  It was completely different!  We'll just ignore that they completely changed his character for the movie.
0	***OH IS IT REALLY, ASSHOLE?***
0	I like to think he's wearing a human skin suit that's just a bit short
0	The perfect cast.
1	There was a comic?
0	Then she can be Faeroa which is just about as good.
1	No love for Rosie O'Donnell?
0	Superman frequents r/mfa?
0	haha really? you must have a poor taste in movies then. let me guess, you thought 300 was an incredible film? sucker punch too? transformers oscar worthy?
0	You don't *have* to go see any of them... other movies still get made.
0	That drove me crazy as well. They could have said he used a new isotope, or some alloy, or a new allotrope, but no they had to say he made a new fucking element.
0	He still has cash, and this time he gets to build everything from the sub-basement up, rather than retro-fitting an existing home.
0	And now I can't not hear it.
0	okay :)
1	Wow what a surprise.
1	I never saw this coming.
0	Yep, he missed the call from the casting team that were delivering the good news to him because he didn't want to quit an online game.
0	Pandemic 2.
0	They gave us one already. Sorry it went over your head.
0	Where have you heard this? There are zero online sources that say anything about paparazzi playing a role.
0	Love him in The Mexican.
0	..who looks like a 16 year old boy.
0	The Godfather Part II. Just because I can.
1	You're right, I'm sure JJ Abrams will adhere to the strict letter of the books and won't possibly develop or direct his own vision of the story.
0	1979 Capt America begs to differ.
1	The sequel won't have good story writing unless everyone rips off their helmets and protective gear ten minutes after they enter an unknown environment.
1	Witty female lead? how original for disney, can't fucking wait.
0	American Psycho 2
0	Pitch Perfect
1	That'd be a first.
0	I thought the first one looked terrible when it came out and I was spectacularly proven wrong.  I thought the same for this so hopefully I'll be proven wrong again
0	Kanye is a fukking douche. His laughably inflated ego and his inevitable implosion are the only thing interesting about this low brow twat.
0	Take that, Avengers!
1	The original was nothing like the book!
0	I'll one up you and do it for $20,000! You can't afford to miss this deal!
0	It was a predator drone.
0	"Maybe he's being down voted because the whole ""I don't recognize or acknowledge the existence of sequels I don't like because I refuse to accept that sometimes movies are made which fail to meet my approval"" schtick has gotten really fucking old and boring."
0	Met him a few times through work when he was touring. He panders to bogans and considers himself somewhat of a Robin Hood more than a violent thug that peddled hard drugs.
0	Pro-tip: stab people in the neck if you want them to die.
0	I honestly can't remember that chapter. Refresh my memory?
0	Stop what you are doing, tell work you are sick, tell the wife and kids you aren't feeling good, and go watch Goodfellas.  Now.  We'll wait right here.
0	They are desperately trying to save this movie.  I grew up at a movie theater and I don't remember anything like this.  Free screenings, surprise appearances by Pitt at premieres.  All it does it make me think this movie is as bad as the trailer makes it look.
0	That's easy shit for any true method actor.
0	It'll be a war man, between the blacks and the whites.
0	Netflix isn't free.
0	I never said I wanted Citizen Kane, but in order for me to care about action scenes I have to be invested in the characters on some level. Here I just wasn't.
0	Usually it's payed through checks (usually fake) or with wire transfer (usually real). The wire scam needs a 3rd person. The scammer lists a more expensive item for a really low price. Let's say he put up a 70k dollar Porsche for 40k. Puts up some story on how it's perfect running condition just needs to get rid of it because they are moving out of the country, buying a family car, it's  just picking up dust in their garage. Maybe it's not perfect but the damage is only a couple hundred or grand worth and they are cutting you a $ 30k deal. Point is they don't need it and they are willing to take a major loss on it to sell it fast since half the cash is better than a car they don't need. In coming sucker #2. They see this awesome deal and look past the obviously low price because of the good story. The scammer gets them to send the money order to sucker #1. Now sucker #1 is happy they have almost twice the money and only needed to do a little leg work pushing the paperwork to ship it. Sucker #2 gets a fake tracking number or some other fake paperwork. They wait for their car and when they eventually don't get it they file a police report. Now police sometimes don't mess with money wiring since it's known to be used for scams and the money gram form specifically say that if you don't know the person it's probably a scam. If they don't investigate sucker #2 is out 40k. If they do investigate guess who left a paper trail? Now they find you and you're out of 40K (or your car depending on how you look at it). You tell them about your car depending on how much they care they can just close the case at this point since they found the money. If they decide to follow it usually they will find that the truck was picked up by a person who doesn't exist, died, was payed a small amount to pick it up for someone else. You're truck is either in pieces being sold for parts or shipped out of the country to a county were paper work isn't a huge deal. That's if you shipped it in the same state or country AND you're lucky. If you ship it out of the country you'll be lucky if they don't laugh in your face.
0	God help you if you ever need to get some of that backed up data in the future.
0	Yeah right. Any time Steamboat Willy gets close to going public domain, Disney will lobby congress to extend copyright terms. Nothing will ever go public domain due to age again.
0	funny, but not really badass
0	"""Home Invaders Become Physically Disfigured And Mentally Scarred"""
1	haha thats a hell of a deal!
0	This reminds me, I need to find a way to get AMC before Breaking Bad starts/ends in August.
0	Why would anyone go see this.... Superman is terrible
0	more like a five-fingered discount.
0	Rises was awesome I doubt its better.
0	This seems like a pretty big spoiler. I haven't read the article just because I don't want to spoil myself so I can't be sure.
0	While i disagree with death threatss, I will say that there seems to be a great disconnect with what a critic goes to a movie to see and what some mebers of the general public go to a movie to see.
0	$2
0	Oh my god that is brilliant.
0	what's TDKR?
0	And no Leonidas.
0	"Actually, iPic has added ""cheap seats"" which are essentially a couple rows of leather chairs in addition to the recliners. Also, they got rid of the call-button, and instead they have servers come to you before the movie starts. They're also making it less ""fancy"" replacing the ambiance with an obnoxious amount of HDTVs and bar scenery so that they can bring in people with disposable income without giving the pressure that they may have to dress up. (I only know this since my father was the GM up until a month ago.)"
0	The Delta Force.
0	Seventeen minutes.  I had to take some valium first.
0	"""Hey, my master plan is to destroy half of the United States along with the world economy, 'own' this high tech landmass that I have no idea how to use, and expect to *not* get straight up murdered by other governments.  Oh yeah, and I'm going to kill a national hero, by the way.  I can see absolutely no way for this plan to fail."""
1	Because my jimmies are rustled and I don't like it.
0	lol, ok. i'll just hit you up when it finally releases on friday, repeating myself.
0	What happens when you speed up tai chi?
0	Cockney dragon. snarf.
0	I think I came like 5 times when I first saw that.
1	They use cameras for CGI?
1	Ugh, I know, right? Stupid film, following the exact same formula that made the original trilogy an instant classic.
0	He was pretty decent in From Dusk till Dawn. Not Oscar worthy but that performance type has a place in Hollywood.
0	Handled right, he would just have a brief cameo.
0	He actually did write that script and it's readily available to read online.
0	Apparently we are going to be seeing a Wonder Woman movie come out of DC before too long.
1	I'm a bad-ass and I watched all kinds of scary movies when I was a kid and it only made me more of a bad-ass.
0	It contorts in a way that is inconsistent with how we've seen him move. The actor is still a human, so we're used to assigning human characteristics to this character. Our minds are very good at detecting these inconsistencies. It's similar to the Uncanny Valley effect.
0	Dead in a bath filled with his own tears as his school days popularity did not translate into adult success. Also, I married Sloane.
1	guy looks pretty good for 80
0	Simon Pegg playing EG.DeMuslim?
0	The ghetto audience I watched the movie with made it so, so worth it.
0	Way to find the green light in the darkness.
0	obviously the absence of a score can be powerful too as evidence by what the original comment was about.
0	I'm happy with the 3 movies thing as it means that it will be properly fleshed out, I just wish that they would release the home media editions in HFR instead of cutting all of that out.
0	If there were eagles the entire time, why couldn't they have just flown them above Mt. Doom, dropped the ring during a flyby, and went home? There, done, story is over in 20 minutes. Can eagles be affected by the ring of power? Just have them do it all before the morning tea is finished.
0	True, but don't go around thinking that nothing is impossible. Otherwise we have incidents like 9/11 happening more frequently.
0	Oh sweet! I'll have to watch it sometime. The images on Google seem to be as you put, it absurd!!
0	can someone explain to me general plot of oldboy?
0	Actually, yes, I heard they were thinking of selling off the Spider-man license and getting out of the movie business entirely.  Why not sell them back to Marvel if they are selling them?
0	Sometimes though they'll use a more flexible version of the costume for scenes of running, or something, where you can't tell, and then switch to a heavy duty partial one for close ups. Might not be noticeable in the final movie.
1	Yes, it's all done with AI and involves no human art at all.
0	Yeah, totally.  The endless resurrections of Jean Grey are what made me realize that no death was permanent.
0	I don't know why people expect the world to censor itself for them/their children.
0	Wait a minute, are they in a larger then scale house of mirrors?
0	"This was my first exposure to ""Mac the Knife"", so when we played it in jazz band several years later, I sang the McDonald's lyrics in my head every single rehearsal."
0	Why do you assume I didn't know him?
0	I'm not saying I like it, I'm saying unfortunately that's the trend.
0	It can't rain all the time.
0	There looks to be A LOT of content in it, so my guess is that it will come off as crammed and rushed in places.
0	Is the book worth reading? I'm assuming the answer is yes.
0	Roberta Duvall
0	It was just so..... average.
0	Maybe you should watch some of her other work before you judge her too harshly. She won a ton of awards for her role in Angels in America.
0	Well, apparently that's a little less surefire this year than it has been previously.
0	And the photo the other guy posted makes him look like one of the village people.
0	**Samuel Jackson Beer! It'll get you drunk! You'll be fucking fat girls in no time! You might even fight a nigga or two!**
0	***I KISSED A MAN***
0	I actually think he's wrong for that part. Woverine needs to be even more gruff, and short and stocky.
1	The reddit detective the people need.
0	community for 2 years? Dayum.
1	I don't know, I think the Hobbit's budget is pretty tight. I wouldn't expect much in the way of special effects.
0	You already wrote out Leonardo :(
0	You know how I know you're gay?  You deny being in 'Murica.
0	I disagree. Make a movie about Arthas's life. Done and done. Just base it off the book. Potentially a movie about the war of the ancients in total CGI would be ideal, but I have a feeling arthas's story is easy enough to tell to anybody who had no idea about the lore because its simple.
0	DID THEY SEND ME DAUGHTERS?
0	Try watching it on Shrooms. It took 3 hours for me and a friend to work our way through it because we kept pausing to laugh till we cramped up.
0	Great white buffalo
0	Or East St. Louis.
0	From what they have said in this thread earlier, it will be released tonight at 12 am on Amazon and others.
0	It's what happens when you think of two different ways to say something and they both come out at the same time
1	"Why are they calling ""I am your father"" a plot twist?  George Lucas intended the series to be the story of Anakin Skywalker so we know he's Luke's father all along.  It's not like the prequel trilogy is a contrived piece of shit."
0	But... why would you even go see it if you've never read a comic book?  Have you enjoyed any of the other comic hero movies?
0	Don't. Vote with your wallet.
0	All I feel I've learned from Cannes this year is that the Coens made another great film and Only God Forgives is one of the most divisive films to come from Cannes in a while.
1	It's fucking terrible. Like, the millions of zombie fans that bought it? That didn't actually happen. Glowing reviews by most of the internet? Figment of your imagination.
0	Canada is ever so slowly moving away from that... More along the lines of American influence from TV then from some cultural endeavor.
1	Hey man, no need to be a dick. He was just voicing his opinion.
0	Reddit always brings up movies I recently watched/rewatched. Saw this again about 3 days ago.
0	I am the walrus.
0	Locket scene with Harry
0	ROFL, I guess you don't have me on ignore after all and lied about it. In fact, you're stalking my past comments. Well how about that.
0	Good work though.
0	Just to point out, Wizard=Maiar, but Maiar=/=Wizard in all cases. Sauron and the Balrog (Durin's Bane) were both Maiar too.
0	Wait, that movie isn't awful?
0	For me it was when Sarah is pulling the piece of metal out of her leg. No thanks.
0	Payback, Mel Gibson
0	The Sandlot.
0	No it wasn't.
0	Bug
0	All I know is the title, but 2014's The Good Dinosaur sounds like it could be really really cool.
1	Wow, I didn't realize it costs 50% more to add that 3rd dimension, but I guess it makes sense... 50% higher price for 50% more dimensions.
0	Been known to use that at work as well.
1	So you're saying the bubble will pop and studios will need federal bailouts!?! Fantastic!
0	X-Men (and Blade) were the first movies to follow after Schmacher's Batman, the epitome of campy.
0	As expensive as CGI is becoming these days, Wouldn't it be almost = cost to have a model team and set designers. At least then the props will last forever and production time reduced without needing to wait on CGI renders that ultimately look cartoony.
0	"In all honesty?  My choice &amp; the casting director's choice would probably have to be Gabriel Iglesias.  I'm Mexican and also ""fluffy"", but not as much as he appeared to be.  Since he lost a lot of weight recently, though, he looks to be around my size."
0	"End scene of ""The Champ"" with John Voight. I didn't even see the rest of the movie and it still hit me hard watching it on youtube. Apparently there was a study which shows that it evokes more sadness than any other scene from a pool of 250, and it's often used by in psychological experiments to elicit a strong emotional response. For me the worst part is how the music doesn't kick in until half way through, making it all feel way too real."
0	Some talented actors can play many parts. Depp is not one of them.
0	first time i saw this picture, i was hoping for anchorman 2
0	It was hard but I managed to watch it twice.
0	Listen All a y'all it's a sabotage.
0	You're in for a treat then, that album is awesome and at least two of the other songs are my current favorites.
1	Yeah, thank goodness they made Harry Potter 16 in the first film. I mean, magical children obviously can't do dangerous stuff and fight evil ... and the actors, my god can you imagine how bad *that* would have been?
0	Hopefully they'll at least have the cameo they planned for the *first* spidey in this one.
1	You should be in the marketing industry. You'd be amazed how much original art there is floating around at low cost. You just need to repackage, promote, and mooch off sweet sales gains!
0	TIL.
0	There's a new movie coming out based on Sea of Monsters with Nathon Fillion in it. So I'm hoping it will be good because of him.
0	I like all of them but I think my favorite off your list is Alien and Back to the Future.
0	Fair enough, I can concede to that point.
1	Wow, spoilers man
0	X-Wing Alliance.
0	Good, this movie was awesome. Most fun I've had at the movies since Fast 5.
0	I guess ya'll missed the Keanu circlejerk a couple years ago.
1	Yeah! Grittier. Spiderman needs a gun! Two guns! And like hoverboots so he can just fly around and go on a revenge killing spree!
0	So much detail put into the surrounding graphics and the overall message of the movie hit close to home with me
1	No it isn't!
0	*If this was really a deleted comment, the author's name would also sat [deleted]. But the author can delete their own comments, too.*
0	Truly this should be at the top. It's criminally underrated and the hate for it is unwarranted.
0	Have an up vote.
1	of all the novelty accounts, this one is my favourite.
0	Cinematography. 'Filmography' refers to someone in the industry's body of work.
1	Good job, you really showed him! I am so happy for you and your achievement.
1	Good job, you really showed him! I am so happy for you and your achievement.
1	Good job, you really showed him!  I am so happy for you and your achievement.
0	It is almost like there are hundreds of thousands of different people with different opinions viewing different posts at seperate times or something.  Weird.
0	Plus, Dr. Octagonapus.
0	TIL they made Hornblower movies.
0	"""Myself"" if reflexive."
0	There's over 10 hours of Star Wars music written for the series. How much do you think is actually a rip off of Holst?  Not enough to justify that comment.
1	Yeah screw him for watching a movie!
0	I know, but I had only thought about the blades piercing his skin...but sliding up and through the bone and everything..that part makes it look worse.
0	Ah, fair enough. I agree that the visuals are great.
0	"Great read! Disagree with some of the ratings (I didn't find ""Anything Else"" or ""You Will Meet A Tall Dark Stranger"" nearly as insufferable as they did) but still a great retrospective"
0	Let's just find the guy he blinded and get him to do an AMA at the same time
0	"All the main beats, including the much notorious ""happy ending"", are straight from Kubrick's notes. I think the film is a lot more faithful to the original vision than people give credit for. I'm pretty sure Kubrick intended it to be lighter than what he was known for."
1	pretty funny one, too. Very... original, thoughtful, and insightful.
0	Yes.
0	It's true that the removal of the last chapter ends up changing the overall message of the book, but I don't think one is much better or worse than the other. They are both interesting and make you think.
0	I haven't seen a reach like that since I stopped watching Duke basketball
0	Didnt the movie cut out the stupid giant vagina squid monster that explodes?
0	Haha yes exactly!
0	A fantastic film. I really enjoy a lot of American comedy films. You guys are good at them. Most of my favourite comedies are American. Yet when it comes to tv shows I literally can't stand 90% of any comedies you make. Why do you think I find them so different? Is there a difference in production between the two formats?
0	i thought it would be on demand or itunes when it came out. nope. still waiting for a dvd announcement ):
0	"That would have really hurt the whole ""The Kaiju are evolving"" aspect that the Hong Kong battle was supposed to show. But I agree, it would have been awesome."
0	When he removed the helmet the movie just became demolition man 2.
0	The Ides of March, The Descendants, Good Night and Good Luck, Michael Clayton, The American, and Up in the Air. With all these under his belt you still consider him to be a comedic actor who can't pull off a dramatic role? If you were talking about Sandra Bullock is agree, but to say George Clooney is essentially a comedic actor and pull of a dramatic role for Gravity when he's proven that he very well can is ridiculous.
0	I think you mean Sam Raimi movie.  And I'm willing to bet you can go back further than that.
0	It is the random time travel of bugs that did it for me.
0	It's coming out October 4th, Theatrical and VOD, what services they offer after VOD we don't know yet.
1	Right, because it's not based on a comic book or anything. It's totally supposed to be a documentary.
0	How often do you watch 3d programming or movies on your tv?
0	Does power have to do with size or strength of the bottom?
0	I'm just the doctor, I don't make the needles sharp.
0	I just cannot take him seriously as an action guy.
0	Therein lies the problem. Most movies are not worth watching. They are just the same story with a new skin. It would be almost impossible to spoil a movie like Inception, for instance, because the biggest part of the movie is the experiencing of what's going on, among other things.
1	Woah, dude. Spoilers! wtf
0	so true son
0	There wasn't really anything harry could've done there, Hedwig just swooped in
0	My personal choice would be Jonathan Rhys Meyers. He's got a great look and brooding gravitas (see The Tudors) for a younger Bruce Wayne/Batman. He can pull off looking seasoned but still very early in his career, which is the sweet spot they need if they're not doing a full-on reboot.
0	I heard he was pissed off and wanted nothing to do with the Avengers anymore.
1	They should also put all exhaust openings between the legs, as most mammals and birds have them, like in real life.
0	Aim for the bushes.
1	If it's not the US then it's the rest of the world, obviously.
0	The two main characters were in the concert videos for Rush's time machine tour.
0	You know, I never even knew who Remy was voiced by until now.
0	I'm loving what's going on right now with All-New X-Men.
0	whoosh?
0	It didn't turn off a lot of Chinese people. That section, and the actress in it, was the only reason most people in China even went to see it.
1	Well, the teacher was hot.
0	So you think the Hunger Games film that made just shy of $700 million at box office was seen my more people than; The Lord of the Rings ($2.9 Billion)/ The X Men Films ($1.8 Billion) and the Star Trek series that i really CBA to work out.
0	Devil ears? WTF?
0	Every Pixar movie except Monsters Inc, Cars and Cars 2 have won the best animated picture since it's inception.
0	Can we blame it on being an incredibly stupid idea for a movie?
0	Pacific Rim has really great special effects. It is not a great film. It's not even a very entertaining film.
0	I'm an anti-fracking activist and think it's fucked up that he included this. Don't assume everyone down for the cause doesn't like it just because it's not good for the movement.
0	"*Oh saddest movie moment ever? Got to be ""Jurrassic Bark"".*"
0	I'd love to hang out and watch movies with you. I have lots of fun guessing twists and theories and discussing them with others but everyone else just wants to watch the movie.
0	They should have named the first one Dawn and this one Rise.
0	I think Fassbender is more recognised along with Sir Patrick Stewart and Sir Ian Mckellan! Shit, Halle Berry is probably more recognised than her.
0	Ape-ocalypse
1	He's the perfect Wolverine!
0	"I love Hardwick's reaction. ""What the shit was that?!"""
0	Blowing up stuff on a microscopic level is also pretty cool.
0	So can someone explain what this means for people not intimately familiar with the comics?
0	If this movie is half as good as the book was, it should be really special.
0	Different heroes have different strengths. Superior intelligence and strategic prowess is one of Batman's. How many times, in the comics, do you see Superman just blindly going in and punching the enemy? It's a lot.
0	Fair enough.
0	I blame Dredd's box office results on the fact that I didn't even hear they were doing a new dredd movie until it's theater run was practically over.
0	How would they do Vision without Wonderman?
0	So balls, brakes, braids and blacks? I'm confused
0	Yeah how dare he change his mind about how simulated violence affects people after witnessing a related horrific event, right?
0	Watch Brazil, and Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas.
0	2 Words.. Twin.Peaks.
1	That Giant spider would have been sooooo amazing....
0	PROTIP: This movie is 131 minutes long and there is a total of 25-30 minutes of robots fighting monsters spread across 4 scenes (one scene is one to two minutes long).  Anyone who hasn't seen it should bear this in mind when reading reviews on Reddit and adjust their expectations acccordingly.
1	No! We can't like anything ATT does! Hivemind does not approve. They are an ISP and thus an incarnate of evil! Fk them and eveything they do and stand for!
0	Not liking it.  Idris Elba as Bishop or GTFO.
0	For all the shit we give him about Scientology he is actually a very good actor.
0	It's like a smurf got too excited.
0	Well, if anybody's the special one it would be director
0	ITT: semantics
0	I was going off Imdb. I hope I'm wrong because I would love to see him in it.
0	Both those movies were panned by critics though.
0	Point taken
0	I can't wait to see Rhino.  Paul Giamatti just nails every role he's in.  I think he can pull off the over-the-top, roided out, rage fueled Rhino really well.
0	ITT: Nostalgiajerk
0	He looks like Tilda Swinton after a serious bender
0	The book's author actually prefers the movie story.
1	Yeah man totally. Star Wars should have no special effects and just be a small drama, like the originals.
0	I'd prefer it not leak, because if it does, I expect to have trolls spoil the ending unless I abstain from the internet until the thing is released for real.
0	When I was 8 I didn't know what Hybrid even meant
1	sorry I'm not as enlightened as you
0	how big is that thing on his back?
0	Now imagine those robots fighting ***GODZILLA!!!***
0	Ohh nevermind then.
0	A movie being emotionally manipulative isn't necessarily a bad thing, as long as it's done well. My problem with Forrest Gump is how bland the main character is. Forrest is defined by the fact that he's mentally disabled, that's it. He has no other character traits as far as I can tell. He's so 2 dimensional and lifeless that it's hard to get invested in the sentimentality of the film.
0	Plus there was that one time that ship exploded and fucked up the camera.
0	"""In the middle of my back swing!?"""
1	Then imagine how much something much larger than the Iron Man suit must use, like a fighter jet. Probably like 100 nuclear reactors, right?
0	I think my favorite part is the drug bender that only takes an hour or so.
0	And two years between seasons. That's just 1.5 episodes a year.
0	Yes thank you
0	That makes sense.
0	Because Legolas and Boromir (WHY!!) weren't important?
0	He played a fantastic villain in The Wire,so no doubt being the big baddie in the next Bond flick would suit him. He's a great actor to boot.
0	Remember, IMAX is the key! Real IMAX, not the half-screen fake IMAX. The 3D was just the icing on the cake! I'd love to hear your thoughts afterward! Enjoy!
0	This looks strange. The main actors are chinese and they go to korea so a gorilla can play baseball?
0	No, edmure is the assclown.
0	No way dude, these are hilarious.
1	Yeah, only 93% fresh on tomatometer. Truly underappreciated.
1	No, they're here to force their opinion of action-movies down our throats!!!
0	"Going off the physics shown in the movie....a lot of water was displaced down there. Also, both of these leave out what a nuke detonated *in* the trench would do to the tectonic plates. Shifts along fault lines are what cause massive tsunamis, not the force of the nuclear blast. Disrupting the fault lines would cause earthquakes, shift tectonic plates, and cause all sorts of damage. The radiation is less of an issue then shifting the earth's ""skin""."
0	I would have loved it if I hadn't been more impressed with The Raid: Redemption.
0	Listen to Del Toro in interviews.  He was trying to make something profound...he didn't.
0	A *mobile* link?! You are literally Hitler.
0	Good flick but the ending didng payoff the runtime. Redbox at best imo.  Even apollo 18 showed more
0	I just said she didn't enjoy it. And she loves good movies. Sometimes people make bad decisions.
0	Um... Transformers was the same. You people now sound like fucking five year olds. I'm done. You've all lost the fucking plot.
0	Which June 14th is also the army birthday a.k.a. flag day.
1	Your precious karma! :(
0	More like Pacific Rim Job AMIRITE? Grown Ups 2 was spectacular. Such writing!
0	You're such a huge fan that you can't even spell his name correctly!
1	"""My jaeger got torn apart by a kaiju first, how original of you all to copy me"""
0	I can't tell, are you serious?  Or are you really that stupid that you just boycotted the wrong movie?
1	You should totally kill someone over something as petty as this.
0	*kimochi warui*
1	From Guillermo del Toro?  Of course not.
0	You should get out more.
0	"I don't know, this movie just seems like a ""my take on Transformers, but for adults"". I may rent it, but I can't justify spending $10 to go see it and I've started to trust my judgement about movies. Very rarely am I surprised by a movie I thought would be terrible, or thought a movie would be good and it ends up being terrible."
0	Stop telling people to not enjoy things that you don't like.
0	Sometimes i feel like the only person that actually loved district 9
0	Saw it last night. Great movie, but also lots of awful acting.
1	You're telling me Asian people piloted giant mecha against godzilla and they weren't Japansese? This is bullshit!
0	I'm still not purchasing any of his books, though. I've borrowed, and found free copies. This bigot isn't getting my money.
0	As a fan of Del Toro's work, I respectfully disagree. He's a versatile director, and when the movie calls for cool factor over plausibility (and I do believe that is a legitimate approach), he delivers. Cronos and the Hellboy movies also had lots of implausible stuff, but they weren't necessarily worse for it.
0	No, it's like saying you're allowed to have your own opinion but everyone has equal rights.
0	I feel like Bridges has chosen some bad movies as of late, first RIPD, now this.
0	I tend to get sour patch kids when I go see a movie and I always open up the plastic wrapper and dump it all into the box before the movie starts, problem solved!
1	"Also, ""You sack of wine!"" is one of the greatest comebacks in movie history."
0	Well, that's like your opinion man.
0	There's also a show, Riders of Berk. Its pretty good.
0	Because someone has to debunk them.
0	Seriously... How high are you?
1	tl;dr I can totally see how this is an important theory though.
0	He has been involved in Native American culture for quiet some time. You should watch Dead Man.
0	I just meant that because it's so highly acclaimed some people may find criticizing it objectionable.
1	"""Hollywood"" just shouldn't make anything that moneycomet doesn't like.  I don't see how this is unreasonable."
0	Do it. Great movie.
0	That is where I know him from, thank you.
0	John Fucking Zoidberg
1	The original trailer was far superior.
1	Ohhh you got the devil in you now. You'll be gay soon and NPH will be fucking goats if we let this shit stand
0	I thought JP4 was in development hell once again and has been delayed?
0	Pretty sure he's in the Avatar State in that picture.
0	Yes.
1	Gotta get that karma right?
0	Please explain!
0	It's just as stupid as boycotting Polanski films IMO. The guy is the definition of a scumbag but that doesn't mean I won't watch Chinatown or The Pianist.
0	Cam Neely is back as Seabass and Milan Lucic will play his son
0	It was *ok* in 3D. You don't really lose any of the experience with 2D, though. Trek has always been a grand spectacle regardless of gimmicks.
0	Abstract I'm fine with, but I should be able to see what they look like. Of course you do at some points in the movie, near the end when they're standing still, but I'd love to see them in movement and be able to tell if I'm looking at an alien or the inside of a jet engine.
0	I get it.
0	"""This man singing about leprechauns...there's just something about him that says, 'british secret agent'."""
1	Which totally hasn't been done before. Ever.
0	They used those films as examples of films they had trouble getting made simply because they weren't based on existing properties, not because people didn't go to see them. In fact, Lincoln was a box office hit.
0	He is an awesome actor. So many great roles. I thought he was great again in World War Z
0	Pain and Gain
0	Some would argue it's better than the source material.
0	Don't be. 4 actually has a plot. The worst part about it was the Mermaid stuff.
0	I guess that's more down to the claim being bullshit. Demonstrably so.
0	It's actually surprisingly watchable.  I think it's somewhat similar to Fast &amp; Furious 6 kind of thing; they understand what they are, a popcorn flick, and try to make it the most fun, and least campy, thing they possibly can.
0	I honestly think this would made a better movie
0	why watch a movie that sucks.  Go do something productive instead.
0	Dude.. Muscle shirts are still in, don't be knockin the 80s
0	There are supposed to be two more, yes.
1	Wow. Religious connotations. How deep.
0	Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
0	Thanks never heard that song!
1	OP PLZ DELIVER!!!1!
0	why isnt this in real media format?
0	There are dozens of us. DOZENS!
0	I honestly don't see any purpose to a Jor-El movie.  Pretty much everything relevant was already explained in MoS
0	Its actually just 1 reference. So saying references makes no sense. brah.
0	The Dark Knight though... god I love that movie.
0	He sounds a lot like the character Iskaral Pust from the Malazan Book of the Fallen series.
0	A Deadpool movie doesn't need a talented actor. It needs a talented improviser.
0	as in the Jason Statham movie?
0	Don't. Just make a reply to the original post, and keep the circley-jerky posts to a minimum.
0	God I love a hot ginger.
0	"Lex Luther has been the cartoons, yes. He is basically to Superman what the Joker is to Batman. A parallel of this spoiler would be ""there was a clown logo in the new batman movie that came out, and this hints toward his appearance in the sequel to this new movie"""
0	It's still a good movie. Even if you haven't seen it still watch it. Plenty of other funny parts and you'll get to see the build up to this.
1	James Bond.
0	This poster is really charring my tree.
0	I love Ray Stevenson but for me Tom Jane will ALWAYS be the punisher... But I thought the direction of warzone was better
0	Is that the tom wolfe book?
0	Is that actually Keanu Reeves in the picture?  It looks like CGI.  Or just really heavy makeup.
0	Methinks you need to learn some basic physics.
0	the also changed everyone's motivation for anything they're doing. the only thing i did like was the change to Arya's costumes. turned her into something other than a nerd's wet dream, at least in terms of costume.
0	You mean to tell me not everyone loves this movie? What else aren't you telling me?
0	His entire comment was opinion, not a factual assertion. By what other basis would he be open to up or down voting other than agreement or disagreement?
0	Can you explain how you feel cube has a fuck you ending?
0	OK, that would have been good.
0	why are disney villains always jealous older women trying to hold onto their looks, or effeminate high-class wealthy men
0	clearly someone does give a fuck, since miss_overthinker requested one. How did you not follow that?
0	Oh is it? Okay, my bad then. I stopped watching the movies after a while and never bothered with the books. Carry on, then.
0	Bla bla bla, celebrity news? I don't care!
0	"v for vendetta is one of the few ones where ""graphic novel"" actually applies. Lots of text."
0	This is what wub wub was made for.
0	I thought he was perfect in secret Window.
0	Do we really need this post every 2 weeks?
0	Soundtrack is out and by god it is fantastic. Nice Rock-Electric-Orchestral blend by Ramin Djawadi who composed, among other things, the Game of Thrones soundtrack.
0	Btw, I love this movie!
0	Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaand DC's answer to the Avengers tumbles into a fiery crash.
0	I'd say the Hulk is up there too.
0	Ok, I don't want to sound like an idiot here but here goes. I didn't like that movie at all, I thought it was completely over the top and the sudden shifts between the two sets if characters ruined all suspense for me. Was I supposed to go into this thinking it was a comedy? Because I swear I must have missed something since everyone on here raves about it.
0	How about JGL as batman?
0	Batman has always relied on his equipment, technology, vast wealthy of information and resources to aid himself throughout every aspect. From Comics, to cartoons to the films. Yes, he was a smart guy, but his resources is what made him better than most.
0	Winner :)
0	I think the opposite. He's great in 30 Rock, terrible in everything else. I saw part of his HBO stand-up special, and I turned it off halfway through because he wouldn't stop talking about dicks.
0	Man, she is so lovely, has such good taste. Perhaps she will like me once she see's how smart and powerful I am. What does a hobo have that I do not? Cold bitch, I have ran circles for her father, built an empire all for her. I will force her to love me. Oh she does! What the hell, NOOOOOOO!
0	SO if I just print this image I can get in for free? AWESOME
0	White house down isn't a comedy? This makes me sad.
0	We have a wiener!
0	"""My Husband hasn't held a job in 7 years... he's holding out for a management position."""
0	2001: A Space Odyssey. Every single frame in that film could be hung on your wall as art.
0	You got it.
0	Radio!
1	That was also the first time he had ever hit anyone. Ever. But you're right, he should totally have been an expert at fighting super powered beings.
0	This isn't an under the radar movie.
1	He also stole the real ark of the covenant to get into his role as Indiana Jones as well. I saw it with my own eyes!
0	How?
1	Yeah, the media can only report on one thing at a time.
0	As ever, if you want the prequel era to be good, you can't rely on the prequels.
1	Because life isn't fair and no one should get what they want. I never did anything awesome, so why should other people?
0	Even Red Son?
0	Cage for Luthor confirmed.
0	"Holy shit, I completely forgot how young Kick-Ass is supposed to be.  It doesn't quite take ""90210""-level suspension of disbelief, but still.  Damn."
0	OMG! OMG! OMG!
0	This is now the third person I've heard who will be voicing Rocket Raccoon.
0	oh, ok.  phew.
0	So brave.
1	Great way to please the fans.
0	Yea, WW mythos is actually incredibly stupid. The entire character was invented as gender gimmick. A lot of her old stories are incredibly mysoginist.
0	It's one of the few good games based on a film.
1	This made the front page so your opinions only matter if they are also mine
0	Don't forget to see **The Getaway** staring Ethan Hawke this summer!
0	Does Adam West live in Detroit?
0	They're in Thor 2.
0	I didn't like Heavy Weights.  They played it like every year in school.  Hated it.
0	Probably helps that Fincher has experience directing music videos.
0	Is he basically the Marvel answer to Brainiac? In the same way Thanos is a Darkseid equivalent?
0	I'm glad they got rid of her. Man was she annoying and so helpless.
1	really? i thought everyone knew about the giant robot division of our army
0	it had foreshadowing, so it was kinda to be expected.
0	Thank you for your contribution. I'm now going to protest against this film, not pay a penny towards it, and then pirate it in two months.
0	Magatha Grimtotem. She poisoned Garrosh Hellscream's blade (I believe it was Gorehowl) so that a minor cut on Cairne Bloodhoof caused his death. Vol'Jin separated from Garrosh, leading the Trolls from out of Sen'Jin and the Echo Isles. Baine Bloodhoof, Cairne's son, got pretty pissed at Garrosh, and now he's chief of the Tauren.
0	Trials and Tribble-ations, I believe.
0	If you look at it as 'Adventures in Spaaaaaaace!' then its an ok action flic, but its resemblance to Star Trek is passing as best.
0	When was that? Soylent Green's trailer told you Soylent Green was people. This is not a recent phenomenon.
0	I think my brain just peed itself.
0	The scene in Pulp Fiction where Mia interviews Vincent before their date.
1	There's a difference?
0	The something something phenomenon. I can never remember either.
0	Blubberella. The sheer effort involved in forcing yourself to sit through it is utterly exhausting physically, emotionally and mentally.
0	"That's what I remind my brother of if he ever muses of buying the DVD: ""You're never going to watch it; no one ever wants to watch it again"""
0	Bana's Hulk will age like wine; Norton's like bread.  It remains to be seen what Avenger's Hulk will do.
0	i hate sci-fi, but loved children of men. it certainly doesn't feel at all sci-fi.
0	brb calling mom
0	ok heres me edgy opinion. hitchcock movies are boring.
0	"""I'll fuck you til you love me, Superman!"""
1	JJ Abrams ? Wow, this movie will be great!
0	What next series of batman?
0	but I like British people :(
1	"Gee, just in time for ""Don John."" What great timing!"
0	My man crush
0	I know I would.  The message gets diluted the longer it plays out.
0	God bless her.
1	Dude, SPOILER ALERT!
0	That was Cheech. I think.
0	And if the actual ending wasn't a shitty cop-out.
1	His more recent films have faired better, financially and critically. Mostly because he helped write and direct them, but, you know, that's neither here nor there.
0	r/PickingUpTheTorch
1	It's not a meme, silly it has no picture with text on it.
0	You're just highlighting the geometry in the shots and leaving everything else in the air. Cinematography isn't just geometry.
0	I strongly disagree with both statements. I'm not a fan of Bob Dylan but this song works well with the intro. The intro is an excellent way of going through the backstory behind the alternate history of Watchmen as well as doing the old school credits at start of film style, which I think is a cool way of doing movies.
0	Since they appear to be going for a campy comedy like in the 60's, I'd say John Cleese would be a good choice.
0	its hard to like people that are dicks. Ingratious winners even more so.
0	The movie was poor his performance was not.
0	"No, that is not what a b-movie is. A b-movie was traditionally a lower budget movie that would be played as a second feature back when double features were the norm. I wouldn't call movies like Evil Dead II, Dawn of the Dead, Easy Rider, or Halloween to be movies that are ""not good."""
0	Dredd and his psychic rookie trainee accidentally stumble across a massive drug operation and have to fight their way to the top of the building to dispense justice to the ultra violent kingpin Moma. (played by Cerci Lannister)
0	Very interesting. But I'm not following suit with a lot of people and entirely converting my opinion because someone famous said something about it.
0	So what do you say about trilogies like LotR, or even longer series' like the Harry Potter movies..?
1	Seriously? Hal from Malcolm in the Middle? Worst casting ever.
0	If you're expecting Goyer to knock it out of the park I have bad news for you.
1	Oh shit I didn't read that comment you posted earlier that listed those movies that were less than stellar. You're right fuck that Affleck guy...
0	Well the authors point is that an actor can actually still do well when there is public outcry at his/her casting. Yes sometimes the complaints come to fruition. But also there are times when everyone is excited and the actor blows. The only thing these scenarios all have in common is that the final opinions are made once the movie comes out. Not 2 years prior. So people need to chill out
0	He's a far more believable bond than any of the others however.  And he's able to pull off Bond's quips which IMO makes him the best.  I too bashed him at the start, but he shut me down.
0	I think the article's point is more that you can make unpopular casting decisions and still makes tons of money. Because a third of those films were poorly cast, another third are considered classic but kind of suck and are mostly nostalgic, and a couple of them are so old that I don't even understand the relevance.
0	Pierce is the only Bond that I will acknowledge.
0	Does Netflix ever have anything you want to watch?
0	"He later played in ""Spartan"". Not overweight and he plays a professional ass kicker."
0	Yes, but that's only half the point.  Sometimes you can't see an actor in a role, and it works out horribly.  Case in point: Hayden Christensen.
1	Because slate is a fantastic source of information
0	"I definitely believe that him tweeting that address was reprehensible, but I cannot buy into this ""dangerous racist/angry black man"" narrative. It's a way for white people who are tired of racism (as if they're the only ones) to dismiss others' concerns. Spike Lee is the one polarizing the country. And when it's not him it's Obama, it's just a form of concern trolling. Oh, I'm so concerned about racial issues that I'll just attack the people talking about them then conveniently forget to get involved otherwise!"
0	Behold future collages!
0	More.  70mm film is akin to 8K.  IMAX film has an even bigger surface area (by running the 70mm film horizontal while filming) giving it a resolution akin to 16K.  The day that a digital camera can match that is still a long ways off.  But we'll get there eventually, I'm sure.
0	No, after his performance in Brokeback Mountain, he was considered in one of the brightest young talents in the industry. Fanboys didn't know he had the chops, but people following his career sure did. I was excited when I heard he was cast as the Joker.
0	And David Goyer. It's not just Snyder; Goyer's scripts aren't exactly that great.
0	Wait, I thought this petition was a joke. You guys are serious? This is hilarious!
0	Well fuck. Who wouldn't take that deal. There is literally no bad side. Of course ill take your money.
0	Why do people say Idris Elba for everyone?  He wouldn't work as Batman. I don't want to be racist, but Batman is kind of an iconic character and he has been for the past 80 years.  There's no reason not to get an actor who actually looks like him.
0	Don't be fooled by the (Kryptonite) rocks that she's got.
0	Screw it. I liked Daredevil. It wasn't perfect, but I enjoyed it. And Affleck's come a long way as an actor in the last few years. He'll be great. He'll be a good Batman. And an awesome Bruce Wayne.
0	You say that as if it stops the recommendations and pleads.
0	300 meets Dante's Peak?
0	"I hear ""the master""before I hear ""Archer""."
0	If you thought you were going to see another version of Drive you were going to have a bad time. It was a lot closer to Valhalla Rising. The main gripe I had with OGF was that Gosling needs to find roles where he actually has lines or personality.
0	I didn't even know we were calling him that.
0	She's not terrible in Inception, but she's not fantastic either.
0	Agreed. Turbo for life.
0	wife of the future!
0	Correction: one of the best films ever.
0	I can respect that. I personally liked everything short of the hot girl falling for the kid, which they at least made that culminate in a peck instead of them really getting together.
0	Don't mean to sound creepy but I'd love to hear what it sounds like if you can post that too.
0	Noah is the most well known version of the epic flood stories.  It makes perfect sense to do this one.
0	Nobody's said Shane yet?
0	City of God. Its violent, stylish, and also very authentic. The movie never has a dull moment nor is it predictable given how it constantly changes  perspectives to brand new characters.
0	THIS IS STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND BY ROBERT HEINLEIN!
0	All Abrams knows how to do is tease. Pass.
0	I was thinking either that or Patchface
0	Punch Drunk Love, Reign Over Me, and Funny People are the only movies in his filmography that aren't terrible, and they are made by actual filmmakers. They don't make up for the other 20+ movies in his filmography.
0	French Kiss
0	I wasn't a big fan of the tv series, but the movie with Billy Bob Thornton is still one of my favorite football movies of all time.
0	Don't worry - you will someday.
0	My reaction as well. The second time watching it makes so much sense.
0	So you took a Norway tourism advertisement and just placed the word habit underneath? What does your poster say about the movie to someone who hasn't read the book? That there's a mountain in it?
0	A simple downvote would have sufficed.
1	i agree. both cars 1 and 2 are amazing!
0	This should be your life's work. Seriously, get this done.
0	Well yeah . Warm bodies did well too and I wasn't a fan. Zombie movies have never been a big box office draw until recently
0	She can barely play one.
0	I saw it a few days back, I loved every minute of it :( I laughed and cried even, and the final showdown brawl was glorious to watch. And it's KICK-ASS 2! OF COURSE It's coing to be violent as fuck, but most of the best gags are done through violence.
1	Because IGN should ever be listened to
0	I can't find on the AMC website? where did you hear this?
1	It's hard being an atheist
0	Thank you. That was awesome.
0	It was a subpar line with exceedingly crappy delivery. Halle Berry =/= Buffy
1	Yeah, your first two points are  why the Transformers films failed so horribly
0	the movie was too fucking short
0	I despised that movie, don't know why. The acting was really great, it just didn't work for me.
1	Yes, because your ideas, if implements, don't effect us in any way
0	I really, really, *really* like Adam Scott.
0	Have you thought about washing cars?
0	I actually liked this movie. It couldn't beat the one back in 2009, but it was still good.
0	I had no idea it had that big of a budget. I always assumed it was a made for tv movie.
0	So you like depressing movies or realistic movies? I didn't want the movie to end with him being depressed it was already bad enough with everything else that happened.
0	"I wouldn't be surprised if this was added to the original test footage too, I bet the real soundtrack would just be various people saying ""watch your head, tilt it back a little, now look left, steer a little to the right, etc."""
0	Same for me with Tree of Life.
0	We know, it really shows in the movies lately.
0	This is like asking reddit if Jennifer Lawrence is hott. They only know one answer to this incredibly average movie.
1	Yeh cuz thats the point I was making
0	The soundtrack is definitely one of the most memorable in a while (due to a heavily-repeated theme).  It's enjoyable, just turn your brain off.
0	What role were you thinking? I know nothing of the synopsis.
0	Top Gun baked is pretty awesome.
1	Yeah fuck skinny people!
0	Having seen Elysium, I can tell you that it would be better to expect very little intelligence.
1	It's true. Film critics (or story editors like this guy who totally isn't a critic) don't like any films ever. In fact, they hate movies SO much that they dedicate their lives and careers to studying and deconstructing film history and the craft of filmmaking.
1	You're giving a lot of power and knowledge to midichlorians.  You're talking like The Force is some kind of mystical energy that inundates every living thing in the galaxy
0	I only saw that cause I was bored and wanted a mindless action flick. It was terrible but I stayed for the action.
0	As with many things, it's easy to be a bad waiter. On the other hand, being a *good* waiter takes talent and effort.
0	A number of people already had before me actually, largely because the article mention's it.
0	You are not a unique and beautiful snowflake.
0	They could make a sequel to Shutter Island by just re-releasing it with a 2 at the end.
0	not my favorite movie, but one of them: Leatherheads.
0	"Exactly. I don't need fucking Jay Z, a dude who lives in excess himself, yelling ""hunned dollah"" bills at me.  It exemplified the excess  more than criticize it, as the book was intended to do, IMO.   Also, the party scenes were a bit too over the top for my tastes and did the same thing as the soundtrack did to the movie and missed the point."
1	Which is why chronicle doesn't exist. And nobody liked it. And it was a huge flop.
0	They could make **Romeo: Origins**
0	That would just be Sam Jackson yelling at Michael Cera causing Cera to stutter and piss his pants a lot. And I would see it the day it comes out.
0	that was worth the time. haha
1	A sci-fi comedy about a group of disparate space criminals, stealing something thats more trouble than its worth? nope nothing like firefly
0	maybe in a few years you'll understand. keep it up.
0	Aliens and stories about them have been woven through cultures for a long time too.
0	"Oh, I couldn't disagree more. Every time I watch it, I hear another line of dialogue that I had previously written off as disposable, only to realize how profoundly significant it is. (""Tell me I came back and did this for nothing."")"
0	Where's Ghost in the Shell?
1	"Great! Now they'll justify the sequel; ""World War A""!"
0	Dude, they have that and it's a masterpiece! Fearuring great performance from Michael Keaton. It's called Herbie: Fully Loaded.
0	I liked both as well
0	The Mask must've been made by boobmen.
0	I will be watching this in 19 minutes.
1	I love the original movie and definitely think that seeing all the actors way older (20 years) would be great because it'll have all the magic as the original.
0	I was just going by the movie depiction. I really have no idea.
0	When did Antonio Banderas turn 90?
0	Really? That's disappointing. I was planning on taking my little sister to see it, as she grew up with me reading the books to her.
0	"I think people associate the term ""B-movie"" with ""bad movie."" I wouldn't call Event Horizon a b-movie, but I do think it's a not great film that happens to have some really strong visuals and ideas; it just doesn't execute them all well."
1	that's racist
0	Of all his movies, you pick Oblivion? What made him so good? Legit question, vs some other films of his
0	honestly, off the top of my head, dogma is the only movie i can think of that has a 'significant' ending at a church. not really about the other stuff you said, but since you said you caught the bare end and bits and pieces between black outs, its *possible* you constructed a story to fit the ending you saw. i do the same thing some times lol
0	I loved it, personally!
0	First, he claimed there would never be any continuation. Then he said there finally would be a new sequel. Then he retracted. Then even Bruce Campbell said there'd never be another one. Next thing you know, they're saying there's going to be the remake (which there was).
0	How old are you?
0	Not only physically possible, but very likely to exist.
0	*Trilogy.  They have a trilogy planned.
0	That *is* pretty confusing. Maybe they went back and marked it later?
0	Better love story with no spoken dialogue in 5 minutes than Twilight did over like 4 movies.
0	Definitely dated, hopefully someone takes it to task for an update sometime in the next 50 years.
0	I wonder if this will be Stroszek with texting
1	yep you totally pinned it dude!
0	If you talk during a movie you are an asshole.
1	Yes because killing people to save people from getting killed makes all the sense in the world
0	That kind of stuff can always wait until you're at a red light. Good on you.
0	hint: they're smart
1	Shame may as well have been porn. All sugar coat.
0	Nope.
0	That's actually insanely impressive you got that from the description.
0	Soich.
0	You do know the whole thing was a spoof, right?
1	HILARIOUS
0	"I wouldn't say that he looked ""open-mouthed"", but I definitely noticed that he had the same sort of. . .stoic, vaguely depressed look on his face in every one of those scenes. I can see why they decided to go with a more expressive actor."
0	or you know they're just adapting a comic series called 'days of the future past' which came out decades before the avengers movie.
0	"I'm more upset that not one of the guys in Expendables ever says ""wait, lemme put on my reading glasses!"" before a fight scene. &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;"
0	I think it's just that movies like this have a world wide appeal, and can make 300 million at the drop of a hat, and trying something new has a chance to flop.  I guess you can't blame them for making money, I just wish there were better avenues for movies of the non world saving varieties.
0	Upvotes for Leeroy, always there in the back of our minds.
0	And Agents of SHIELD.
0	Yeah, but I'm going to judge you for it.
0	*Jonze
0	Oh no no, I don't think it's on the level of GitS or Monster, also I'm talking about Brotherhood, the original FMA was good but didn't touch on a lot of the things Brotherhood does. The characters are well rounded and there are a lot of great ideas if you take the time to look for them.
1	You mean he used something that's popular and well known to illustrate his point? How shocking. People should only use more obscure things as references because it makes things so much clearer.
0	It's ok you know the rocks are going to reform and shits going to get crazy
0	FAN-TAST-ICK!
0	Agreed! I have a bad feeling Loki's not going to make it through this movie though... We'll see though!
0	A minority in the US is the US trying to advance gay rights, but the entirety of Russia is cancerous? wut
0	Why didn't the interviewer have a fucking Mic?
0	What is in his hand?
0	So you saw it and didn't like it?  I haven't seen it yet; what do you think is its biggest issue?  The script?  Or does Depp kind of overpower Hammer, which is bad since its *The Lone Ranger* and not *Tonto*?
0	Don't drink and quote.
0	That's true for anything. Not everyone likes a movie no matter how good you think it is, just like I don't like the ending of The Cabin in the Woods like you do. Yes I understand what the ending was supposed to do, I still don't like it, and it still ruined the rest of the movie for me.
1	Total ripoff of Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla
0	If Peter and Valentine's sideplot was included, it would have to be massively retooled, since it was made before public forums were everywhere.  I think xkcd did a comic about it.
0	Yeah, at that range it's more about getting the shot off while not extending your gun and handing it to your assailant. It's hard to miss.
1	So what did the film-makers do? They gave away the international rights.The movie made money overseas but they didn't see any of it iirc. I'm pretty sure it killed the studio. Something I feel very sad about.
0	Let me try:  **Dianna, Wife of the Guy Who's Been Waiting Way Too Long to be King of a Country that Nobody Cares about Anymore**.  I mean, it's her official title, but it just doesn't have the same ring to it.
0	I, for one, can't wait for the next reboot when the Enterprise is run by a preteen youth camp crew.
0	I think his American accent is pretty good, actually. Saw Radcliffe in the musical 'How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying' and thought his accent was pretty spot on. It sounded pretty similar to how it does here.
0	They need to pay for her to go see the doll.
0	Yeah, it was the tv show that messed me up, the movie didn't get me as badly.
0	Bow bee babadabadub dee babadubadub bee......!
0	District 10:  A Good Day to Prawn Hard
0	"""Yeah can I see zeezeee... zuzezu.... zuxze... fuck it, give me superman."""
0	Pinky and the Brain, though.
0	Why used to? It's still a good show.
0	TIL everyone comes from the USA and it is home for everyone.
0	If you have to make sure people know you're not gay, you might be gay. ;)
0	If you gain body fat veins become less visible.
0	Ive heard 70% diet and 30% physical activity.
0	Bill Murray wasn't in Pulp Fiction.  The line you quoted was spoken by Bruce Willis.
0	Mantequilla!
0	1st half was great. 2nd half was mediocre.
0	I think I'm starting to figure out that I'm the only human in the world that LOVES Jar Jar Binks.
0	Yeah, only things you like are excusable.
0	Agree. I wish Joss could include Kitty Pride, because he writes her better than almost anyone. But I have high hopes for Scarlet Witch.
0	They're definitely developed if you know what I mean
0	If you count 12 Monkeys as a remake, then you have to count District 9 as a remake. With that in mind, D9 is my favorite remake of all time.
0	Daaaaaang England
0	Germany-ish area.
0	My butthole clenched.
1	Yea but look what happened with John Carter and their 6 membered aliens! Clearly Cameron was a genius who anticipated the bad feedback!
0	"Ophelia in ""Pan's Labyrinth"""
0	I loved it.
1	"He said the word ""boob"" though. What a misogynist."
0	Can't wait for people to endlessly mock it for years like it's a goddamn 3D rerelease of *Plan 9* when it's worst crime is being generic again.
0	I have a big soft spot in my heart for **Constantine**.  It's one of those movies that I have to sit and watch no matter how far in I catch it on FX.  It would have been nice to have a sequel that could jet past all the exposition and get straight to the action.  Plus another cameo of Peter Stormare as Satan.
1	Right, because Disney was the origin of a story that's hundreds of years old
0	Did they really? I don't remember that... maybe it was implied by an illustration, but I don't remember it being said at all.
0	Yeah sure, but that wont get people in to see the next one. It isn't new and shiny.
0	Duuude, go fuck yourself.
0	What was after the credits?
0	Shaq is the best actor ever.
1	Yeah because that is so hard to find nowadays.
0	Also Charles Bronson.
0	Vertigo
0	Or it could be, you know, random?
0	I saw it last night(finally!) and it was awesome to watch!
0	Sam winston,   great guy.   He will be missed.
0	Amazing! I like the Afro Samurai silhouette the best!
0	Yeah but there's very little action and it's mostly story. I'd rate the comic a 6/10 even though I loved the movie
1	Spoiler alert, god!
1	That movie came out *fifteen years* ago. Holy hell. They were trying to warn us the whole time!
0	But it says you're a silent alarm...Hey this guys a phony!
1	It's good to know that Charlie Day, Idris Elba and Ron Perlman aren't actual actors. Hopefully, they correct that in the sequel with Justin Beiber and Amanda Bynes.
0	Oh, I laughed too. Just the way it's delivered.
0	Indy Cars* Don't disrespect Formula 1 racing by putting it in the same sentence as that POS movie!
0	Terrible headaches distracting me from any game on that console are definitely...tasteful.
1	Ah, yes, they must be ignoring the surplus of movies starring women and/or minorities.
0	I wasn't hyped but still didn't like it very much. Only part I enjoyed was the Jonah Hill scene and some bits of DiCaprio.
0	"I think most people just haven't seen Brian, that's why Grail is more popular. Almost none of my friends that spout off things like ""It's only a flesh wound"" or ""We are the knights that say 'NI!'"" have seen Life of Brian. It's understandable, because I live in the US, and a medieval fantasy comedy is more accessible to American audiences than something satirizing Christianity."
0	They may very well be right, and they may very well be wrong. I hope to see the film to find out, however I'm not really going to just assume that it is misogynistic, because people have conflated the character and the work before. Maybe the work did it this time, but maybe not.
0	I liked it up till ice sank and then I just hated the whole thing because of that
0	This so much. It's a massive guilty pleasure movie for me. The characters are flimsy and flat as hell, but for some reason it's just a fun movie to watch.
0	I'll watch it as long as the last scene involves Mark Wahlberg stealthily walking into someones apartment room and shooting them in the head with a suppressed pistol.
0	I wouldn't mind if F&amp;F cars were transformers at all.
0	Whoosh whoosh
1	Nice to see the woman wearing sensible shoes for running around in a desert.
0	That wasn't what I said. He is a nice guy, you are correct, but letting them do their own thing is not what's necessarily best for the movie. He isn't as good with *directing* his actors, but he's good at hanging out with them.
0	"Yep.  Disney will keep cranking out the franchise until the sun explodes.  You didn't seriously think ""Toy Story 3"" was the last one?"
0	Used to be? They still are good.
0	I thought the Witches of Eastwick were sexy witches though?
0	There are several actors in the cast who have been in stage productions of Les Miserables too, including the girl who plays Eponine and the guy who plays Enjolras.
1	Why would you want to watch a movie about periods? ^^^^^^^^^Weirdo.
0	ITT: People complain about Batman.
0	If you've never watched the Brave and the Bold cartoon, you owe it to yourself to do so.
1	But what if they never make another one?!
0	I haven't seen it yet, but it's on my big list of movies that I intend to watch.
0	"Reminds me of that scrubs episode... ""Don't do do do my wife"""
0	It would have been better if they hadnt tried to make it so comical.
0	tl;dr: racism
0	Jack Nicholson bangs that hooker that he's doing blow with.
0	Don't make shit up, please.
0	Excellent movie.  Phenomenal book. Upbeat?
0	You mean sitting in them for close ups while his stuntman drives them?
0	Not that he did that here, but uh, how would that be voter manipulation?
0	As weird as it sounds, I don't think he had the right voice for it.
0	Dobby would have died a lot earlier then.
0	"Also, the descriptions seem copy-paste'd. The description in Thunderball and You only live twice is the same; talking about thunderball instead of you only live twice. Overall he doesn't say much about the illustrations, only ""here's bond posing with bond girls."""
0	Dumb and wrinklier.
1	Just like This is the End right?
0	There was that part where their fight levelled a significant portion of Metropolis. And that part where Zod's plan involved killing every single person on the planet. I mean those do tend to put lots of people's lives in danger.
0	his body is a microchip.
0	I always thought the beauty of Harold and Kumar go to White Castle was in its stupid simplicity. Not like I'm planning on seeing this but, you know, that's what I thought was good about the first one and they have moved away from it and that's unfortunate.
0	This could be huge for his career if he does it well.
0	In Heaven.
1	Yeah; that looks _just like_ Species.
0	I always sympathised way more with the Zulus in Zulu. Fighting off foreign invaders, yeah go for it.
0	cast Brock Lesnar. Looks like Brock. A lot.
0	Any time I happen on that movie while flipping around, I have to watch it. Such a stellar cast.
0	I'm on my phone and the page wont load, can someone make a imgur album?
0	Fuckin A
1	Oh gee. So good lighting, proper lens choice and camera angle make a good portrait?  Whodda thunk?
1	Damn, should have got Ben Affleck.
0	Fuck the band for that, really. They probably want a mixture of increased box office sales and not 'tarnishing' his legacy.
0	Yeah I was a programmer on TFU and TFU 2.
0	Ass-well
0	I tried to hate Vin Diesel, didn't work.
0	It would have symbolized the coming nuclear war. While the cake beeing rockets. It was actually pretty brilliant. The problem was that they could only do one take and everyone had to much fun and was laughing. Kubrick thought that this joyful ending didnt fit the tone of the film at all and he needed something more grim to end the film.
0	What a kill/Dang ratio!
1	Times are hard for woman beaters nowadays.  Abusers can be victims too!
0	You hated her character in The Shining, but you have to admit that the acting was well done.
0	Jesus, and THEN you respond with some lame 4chan retort?  You're an idiot, kid.
0	Build the Intolerance set from Lego, and then we'll talk.
0	Edward Norton in Kingdom of Heaven.
0	He hates costume and set design, so he couldn't be with someone like that.
0	There was a *Lilo and Stitch* TV show, too, and it was quite popular.
0	Yeah. Don't tell him about Challenger and Columbia.
1	How dare you? The Phantom Menace was great!
0	Shit, I can't even think of a single Pizza Hut actually IN Manhattan.
0	"It's an extremely nuanced and fun film that doesn't rely on hand camera to create drama by throwing the audience all over the place. It knew what it was, it had fun, and it had an incredibly deep plot without detracting from the classic ""rock-em sock-em robots"" feel"
0	Nah Affleck will be great. Yeah I read it was something about how he felt The Dark Knight was too good a movie to have his name on it. But it came from reddit so who knows how true it was
0	When they decided to go through with an actual Deadpool movie, I'm going to be very disappointed if he's not playing Wade Wilson.
1	Oh good. This will help ensure that it won't be good at all, but that OSC makes lot's of money. And we all know what a great guy he is.
1	It's pretty traditional for Brits to play Bad Guys. I wonder why?
0	Most people would go as far as to call him quite handsome.
1	Can confirm, as I look around my Bristol office, all the men are dressed in tweed jackets!
0	Julian Assange is an egotistical dick. There, I said it.
0	This, i'm hyped to see
0	Yeah, the generalizations about women in this review made it useless to me.
0	I doubt that, personally. More like the kind of women who can't stand women like that. That's just my opinion though.
0	I'm glad you wrote that comment because after seeing ads for this on TV, I still have zero idea what the fuck it's supposed to be about. What is the premise of this movie?
0	"That is strongly implied with Forrest's famous line: ""I'm not a smart man, but I still know what love is."""
0	I had a harsh reaction to him being the new Batman, but I don't even think he's that bad an actor. I'm just pissed that after he salvaged his career with the Town and Argo, he's decided he's going to do another movie similar to Daredevil.
0	Not enough comments about seeing Batman's dick.
0	Borat.
1	No nuance or context just facts and logic on reddit.
0	THANK YOU.
0	I was going to say that for the thousandth time, Moon is not underrated or unheard of, but then I remembered that was only on this forum. All my friends have never heard of it before.
0	Ought to be 'You admire a character more for trying than succeeding' or if you want to be old-school and/or German 'You admire more a character for trying than succeeding.
0	Shocked it wasn't 10 clips of Dredd.
0	This is from....Mathilda
0	Ah, the greatest film that I will never ever watch again.
0	Someone needs to use a bolder font.
1	No really? You're shitting me!
0	The dude abides.
1	OMG YOU IDIOT! It's *Let Me In*!
1	Oh, they have a cloning machine. AMAZING!!!!
0	Well, it's literally the worst of the movies I've listed here, so you have no where to go but up!
0	then you're stuck conversing, why would i want that
1	Yeah. Who ever heard of a popular movie that lots of people liked ending up being considered a classic.
0	Into the Wild.
0	Wasn't District 9 based on work he had done for a Half Life movie which got canceled
0	Oh dear. I've been found out! Rats. 2 years leading up to my glorious comment and someone caught me.
0	Right, but the general rule has been one most of the time.
1	Well statistically, there are more male haunted houses in existence, so it has a higher chance of being male.
0	This movie is soooooooo boring... I Love Joseph Gordon-Levitt and I really wanted to like this movie. I have tried 4 times to watch it and never get over halfway... it's just so dull and drawn out. EVERY scene takes longer than it should, and for no reason.
0	I'm glad I took the time to open that, wow that's great
0	The Wiz and Network.
0	WTF I was not expecting that
0	MI4 made almost 700 mil
0	Bot, you have my #FF8E5A
0	I agree. I overall would still say I didn't like it, but the second half was FAR better than the first. The first half was laughably bad.
0	I can't help but have the suspicion that someone tortured him and maybe like injected him with stuff and made that happen to him, or maybe she's just like that.
0	But, why is it called money?
0	"What a coincidence. I was just saying yesterday that it's been a while since the last Friday the 13th film came out. I said, ""Aren't we about due for a new one?"" I'll be damned."
1	DAE grammar Nazi that coming?
0	It's possible he's a character from the comics called the Vision. We'll see.
1	Yeah! This looks awesome!
0	It's like they want to promote this movie with things that people don't want to happen. First Affleck and now Bieber (*If this is real*).
0	I love to see people who think they know everything about something, when the reality is they don't know shit.
0	that one is technically not canon itself, but I think your point stands
0	They also make him a Lieutenant instead of Recruit.
0	Not just the gore but the pure brutality of those scenes.
1	Wow, another remake. I'm so impressed Hollywood.
0	I'd rather watch that than this movie.
0	Most are understandbly excited for Aaron Paul but i for one am excited that cudder has a big acting role in a popular title!!!
1	Shia Lebouf!
0	Well, the original was basically an unlicensed version of Judge Dredd.
0	YES YES YES! GREAT DAY FOR POTTERHEADS
0	I'm not, I worry it will be like Star Wars and turn into a massive cluster fuck.
0	*Damn it* Alfred, I can't control the weather!
0	Nah, he's a blond and is maybe a figment of Jiro's imagination? Wasn't clear on him. I spent most of the movie thinking 'damn this is pretty, but I'm getting like 60% of this movie'.
0	Oh interesting, thanks for answering
0	Shown in front of Final Fantasy movie.
0	No, but we neckbeards are pissed that they are making movies in the same genre as Fast and Furious 6 and labeling them Star Trek.
0	Aliens vs Predator vs Gladiator
1	Pretty impressive that it only cost $100 to make Django!
0	It bothered me that he was so two dimensional in Avengers. I mean, clearly he was there to be the big bad and there's only so much depth you can give a villain when there's so many heroes vying for screentime. But it seemed to invalidate the Shakespearean angst and emotional journey he went through in Thor.
0	AMIUNDERARRESTAMIUNDERARREST AM I UNDER ARREESSTTT
0	I hate movie industry now
1	"No no, it's not a rip-off if Tarantino does it, it's an ""homage"". Because Quentin is god and he can do whatever the fuck he wants."
0	*Chew bubblegum and kick ass.  Always reference the original, never the reference.
0	WEll not they aren't owned by Marvel. They just don't have the movie rights.
0	So that's why AXXO stopped, everyone else started getting in on his game.
0	American here, even I don't know what the hell they're smoking.
1	She was awesome in Last of Us already.
0	I'm from a city in yorkshire and what I find is that the accents in cities are more understandable than say, 5 miles out of town, if you go right into the countryside you better know your 'ee by gum's and yer kegs from yer legs.
0	Andrew Lincoln does a pretty good Georgian accent as Rick on The Walking Dead. One of his costars, Lauren Cohan does a good Georgian accent.  Also, Stephen Moyer does a good Louisianan accent as Bill from True Blood.
0	Ain't no particular sign I'm more compatible with
0	See what happened was I'm on mobile and I didn't follow the thread correctly. I thought we were still talking about Lucas. I'm so sorry-:'(
0	But would it be a silent role ?
0	His role in a vodka movie is my personal favorite
1	well it's *black* hair so it obviously can't be *good*
0	Agreed. Its such a crucial part of Frodos story, unlike most of the last half hour of that film. I think it was because Christopher Lee was being an asshole though... same reason why we see so little of him and Gandalfs battle.
1	Yeah, anything but a potentially compelling storyline!
0	Possibly, but a begrudging alliance is still an alliance. Shit, the guy that helped the non-Vin-Diesel main character was an ally even after getting socked by him. Being part of the Family means you win people onto your side like it's a damn JRPG. That said, there seems to be a lot in common between The Fast and the Furious as a franchise and Final Fantasy.
0	Woah there! I was almost able to make out some words there.
0	Really doesn't seem anything special. Is that Inception music I hear at the beginning? Lame.
1	Pffft only has a 7.7 on imdb how good can it be
0	Most teasers are like that.
0	Lord of the Rings trilogy. Invest a day and check them out.
0	God, I love that movie so much. The relationships between the band members is so fantastic.
0	Yeah, well it is a horror film.
0	Played by Mark Hamill!
0	Some people can't separate the plot of a film from its message.
0	Additionally, he didn't want it to be handed to him. He was fully willing to work for it. He wanted a wage, not money.
0	The fact that all the locations were real is astounding.
0	Honestly I think Tom Cruise fits the description better.
0	You little cherub lookin muthafucka
0	I always thought that was brilliant casting.  Dinklage played the womanizing, drunken, brilliant mathematician perfectly (which probably helped him nail the role of Tyrion) and the role could have just as easily have been played by the typical 6-foor beefcake hollywood actor.  I don't think they even approached the subject of his stature for at least a half dozen episodes.
0	You see death at a funeral?
0	I agree. Fuck the original Star Trek and fuck their fans. As long as loads of cash are made it must mean people like it!
0	Yes, but that time he caught Zod off guard, and had much better control over his powers. Once Zod got the yellow sun radiation under control, his combat expertise and military training made him a far better fighter than Clark.
0	There definitely would have been, but it made next to no money at the box office, it has done very well on DVD though, so it isn't completely impossible.
1	Michael Bay with Transformers 2.
0	You don't know how idiotic you look.
0	Damn. Abby Cornish. How you doin!
0	articles written about him seem to hint at the fact he's itchin' to get back into the game.
1	Oh you don't think krispwnsu has taken a business class? What gave it away?
0	This honestly looks like a bad tv movie.
1	Well that's a good attitude to be going into a trilogy with.
0	Don't forget Mel Gibson!
1	Yeah, no blond-Bonds either.
0	What about Revolver Ocelot from Metal Gear Solid 1?
1	Yeah, you're right. All of those oppressed black people, guess that's a small price to play.
0	Oh well. TIL.
0	Or rather it is, but the rest of Canada still considers Quebecois to be a variety of Canadian.
0	He's actually playing someone much older.  Schultz was 36/37 when this was taking place.
0	how many average people know who jay baruchel is though?
0	The nose gave it away for me.
0	And they felt The Amazing Burt Wonderstone was the best picture to headline this article?
0	A+++ would buy again
1	At least you got to see 'John from Cincinnati'
0	If true, he probably just had to turn down a script and it came out.  I have read that he is having memory problems and it would effect his performance and he wouldn't be able to remember lines.  So, not official, but it still maybe true.
0	*40-Year-Old Virgin* writers. This could be good.
0	probably was his immediate reaction. i did that sort of hyperbole straight after DKR. watched it several more times and got it all out of my system
0	I'm amazed that people still stand these movies.
0	The Boy in the Striped Pajamas.  (apologizes for even bringing up the memory of the end of that movie)
0	Brainiac, Starro, or Darkseid.
0	He looked like a marionette.
0	Personally i thought the movie was trash but James Franco's character was pretty damn impressive.
0	It's not NF's fault. It's the companies doing this, and sending the bad copies to NF.
0	I loved the first half of The Master, but I didn't get as much out of the rest of it. I could understand for the first time how someone could get sucked into a cult like Scientology.
0	Joe Dirtier
1	But, it's gonna happen. They're working on it right after John Carter 2.
0	I haven't seen Heat, is there a place where I can. Is it on Netflix or iTunes?
0	Dude he was AWESOME in This is the End!!!!!
0	I have to admit, I love Zack Snyder. I love the style of his movies, and even though he can be heavy-handed, there still can be a lot of emotional depth to even something like 300. Watchmen is one of my top 5 favorite movies, 300 is great, and I liked Man of Steel, I even liked Sucker Punch a tiny, tiny, tiny bit (the director's cut is much better).
0	Then that's even worse. The movie wants me to sympathize with that guy? No, sorry.
0	"I mean the obvious problem that there's really no explanation for is [](#s ""when he jumps off the roof at the end and lands on the giant cushion, they ignore the fact that there are 3 other sides of the building he could have jumped off of. One of the guys even says something to the effect of if Michael Douglas hadn't jumped he was supposed to push him off. But what if he jumped 2 feet to the left?!"")"
0	Nothing happened. Paranoid delusions all of it.
0	You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
0	"It was a little too similar in structure to Forrest Gump for me. I usually spend well over half the movie thinking ""damn, I should throw on Forrest Gump instead""."
0	"I've heard so many rumors of Logan's Run being remade over the years that I've kind of taken the stance of ""I'll get excited about it when I see trailers with a release date."""
1	In no way is he looking for a Star Wars 7-9 gig with that comment.
0	As cheesy as it is, I thought the writing in Hudson Hawk was quite good. One of the most clever things that has stuck with me over the years was using songs to time a heist.
1	And don't forget, it had the first appearance of chocobos in it too!!
0	Isn't Nausicaa technically a prequel because it's based in the same Universe as Laputa, but was written way before?
0	"Like I said as well, I'm sure he will always be a voice and have a guiding role at Ghibli for as long as he wants, but I do think this is truly it as far as him actually directing feature length animation. Just think we should take a moment to appreciate what he has done rather than simply blowing it off with, ""Oh, he's not really retiring. He does this all the time."""
1	People who talk the longest about themselves and how great they are are usually being 100% honest.
0	Not even cinematography. The fights themselves are hard as shit. Coming from somebody whose tried multiple times.
0	Blue Jasmine, The Way Way Back, and The Spectacular Now are all out now. check them out
0	Strongly disagree on both sequels being good.
0	I can't agree with you there, gay people are not really guilty of anything and stealing from them is just as immoral as stealing from any other person.
0	The long con.
1	Because Meat Tornado!!!!!!! lololololol
0	Hell, I might even pay for it
0	not seen spider man 3...  but i couldn't even finish that clip it was so painful.   Ouhc!
0	But he's avid about using his money against homosexuality.
0	I'm glad you seemed to have loved it as much as I did. Took me a full day to come down from my E.G. high
0	I understand why he decided to quit. He didn't want to get pigeonholed and he might have even gotten bored with horror. I would totally make the same decision if I was in his position. He's got a great understanding of pace, tension, shots, etc. so I am really interested to see how he approaches action.
0	I hope not. I want to see the characters walking around in awkward over-sized blue coats in the movie!
1	Ever since Boondocks Saints didn't win Best Picture, I realized it's a sham.
1	And Breaking Bad glorifies meth.
0	We shall name it George.
0	"""Jay? Jay couldn't rape a fly!"""
0	I can see his nipple.
0	It was different and it was exactly what needed to be done for a second movie. The 3rd did more of what the first did but bigger and that was perfect.
0	It's a pretty stupid plot device regardless.
1	Yes, you should be frothing with anger that they are going to make a movie that you don't even have to go see if you don't want to. How _dare_ Harrison Ford want to make another Indiana Jones movie. He should just die already!
0	wasn't he the main dish in that movie?
0	I don't always meet myself, but when I do I do a quadruple take.
0	I still can't make out what the hell they're saying most of the time. Basically, they're sending Wolfie back to the past?
0	I totally lost it at the end where Xavier meets Xavier.
0	"But the scene of Cameron Diaz having sex with a car contributed nothing to the main plot. It's like Fassbender said to Bardem in the movie: ""Why are you telling me this?"""
0	No shit, but it happens to be an enterprise I like, hence why I don't like that its happening.
1	Wow you are good.
0	Yup. I watched Polar Express in IMAX and thats one of the most vivid memories I have from going to the movies.
0	I go maybe 3 or 4 times a year. If I watched all the Oscar nominees, I could justify $20 a month on netflix, but that's about it.
0	As much as that is played out on reddit, it would be amazing.
0	Hopefully they surprise by making a good movie. They haven't made a good one since The Matrix.
0	As a *whole* the movie is a disjointed mess.  However, you can take lots of different scenes from it out-of-context, the art direction, and many other things that were friggin' brilliant.
0	oh c'mon, its avatar in mars
0	Well shit, it didn't even cross my mind the majority of the ocean scenes were cg. Any easily available footage of that? I could've sworn they shot a ton on-location.
0	It wasn't *terrible*, just an underwhelming bore. I'd expect a 68%.
0	Ah yes. Because the only way you're allowed to have an opinion on something is if you can personally accomplish better. What an incredibly great argument.
0	Why?
0	Hopefully he'll hire someone who's scientifically literate to look at the script.
0	Every plot hole can be explained if you depart logic and ignore blinding inconsistencies. Which is far easier i suppose than to admit that the film suffered from lazy writing and poor directing. Honestly, look at the numbers of people here and on the rest of the internet that all get together and discuss the holes in Prometheus. Do you honestly believe that just so happened to fully understand Prometheus and the rest of us are just some sort of simpletons, banging rocks around complaining, because we're ignorant? Or are you just so desperate to make excuses for a bad movie that you will try to disparage it's detractors rather than come to terms with its imperfections?
0	I was  so suprised when she didn't end up hitting on the black dude.Apparently the writers of this movie don't go for the cheap jokes?
0	I'm more surprised at how little was edited.  Most movies nowadays are almost entirely green screened, right down to the most mundane scenes.
0	It's Rotten Tomatoes.
0	"Their only black hero that's come close to being good (that is, good for a comic book character) is Luke Cake. Who, we should probably bring up, started off as ""Power Man,"" and wore the most typical outfit you can imagine, afro included."
0	Requiem for a Dream.
0	Thanks, I was worried I was seeing a punchline that wasn't actually there.
0	"What was the inspiration for the phrase ""The Dude abides""?"
0	Yes, but there is nothing in the healing process that causes you to suck up the blood that has already spilled onto your skin. It doesn't make sense.
0	Maximum entropy reached.
0	Set phasers to *freeow!*
0	Most Arnold Schwarzenegger movies seem to be full of Arnold Schwarzenegger quotes. It's weird.
0	If he says it, people will plaster it up every time they reflect on his Governorship. He's saving us from an inevitable old and tired joke.
0	That's not what retiredgif is. It's for when a gif has been used to it's ultimate potential and is thus, retired. In most cases it's because wit was used in a perfect relevant place.
0	The genres were different, but there was a bunch of character development/origin themes in all of them that sort of made them feel the same.
0	Poor Francis.
0	Paul Giamatti seems out of place on that list.
0	Yup, I liked Iron Man 2 more than 3. But this looks good.
1	all that guyliner makes an effective disguise
0	It's the color saturation required by the 48 FPS filming technique that may play a bigger role in making it look and feel less real; we have no other movie to compare it with in terms of its visual impact.
0	You have to use your hands?
0	For an embarrassingly long time I thought H.G. Wells was Orson Welles's father. Did not even notice they spelled their last names differently.
0	A trailer... for a trailer. I'm excited for the movie, but this is a bit too much.
0	"Many of the men's ""old"" makeup seems to miss the nose. The nose gets bigger."
0	SIMPSONS DID IT
0	10/10 would bang.
0	TLDR: Teen with an over-the-top accent who loves violence goes to therapy
0	It was sad when those brothers had a falling out.
0	twister. cartwheel.
0	how many 3D animated movies have you seen?
0	twist....he was actually the mandarin but played the role of an actor when he got caught so he could break out of jail
0	One shot, I would almost guarantee it.
0	Of all the criticisms you could lay on Only God Forgives, lack of visual substance is not one of them. It's a beautiful film, and for you to say otherwise really just makes me think you're just being a contrarion.
0	neat
0	But by Danny Elfman right?
0	That is not what I mean by expensive. Cash is just a store of value. Space travel (real, interstellar space travel) takes incredible resources. Energy is hard to come by in the quantities we're talking. And capturing it takes material resources that just don't exist in sufficient density.
0	Did you read the books?
0	"Well, it obviously wasn't *meant* to be a light show. It also doesn't take 25 minutes, closer to 2 or 3. But basically, Bowman is transported to an alien facility via monolith-activated stargate, and experiences his life fly by him as he dies and is reborn as the Starchild, the next step in human evolution. If you've seen Contact, the sequence with Jodi Foster in the capsule is a more modern visualization of what that kind of travel might look like. Seeing as it was 1968 and Kubrick had probably blown his entire budget on model spaceships and cocaine, the ""light show"" was probably the best they could come up with. It's pretty damn effective, if you ask me. Don't be so dismissive next time."
0	Take that back. They better wait for the GoT finale before they even consider cancelling their service!!
0	"I prefer the new one. Harris was good, but he went too much into the ""old wise wizard"" area. Made Dumbledore look a bit dull. New Dumbledore has the energy, passion, eccentricity and charisma which set him off to be quite different and nearly original."
0	I hope top Hollywood stars start learning Mandarin soon.
0	Will the same effects be used in the movie? I feel like that was part of what it made Evil Dead/AoD what they are and without them it just wouldn't be the same, in my opinion.
0	Namely Prometheus. Screw a few goofy scenes, it was a great movie.
1	Dude, spoiler alert!
0	Because I wanted to emphasize that the performance would be good, rather than the movie, or overall acting by the cast as a whole
0	162 isamu13
0	Can't believed it hasn't been mentioned, but **The Elephant Man** (1980) is amazing.
0	Havent looked at raping red necks the same way again after seeing it
0	It's a 1934 Frank Capra (*It's a Wonderful Life*, *Mr. Smith Goes to Washington*) film. I'm ashamed to say I haven't seen it either, but its Oscar wins alone should be enough of a recommendation.
0	The Godfather.
0	Every dragonball movie (not z or gt)
0	One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest w/ Jack Nicholson and Of Mice and Men w/ John Malkovich. I could not fathom the reason I gave originally for not watching these amazing films.
0	You're thinking of Supercucumber, the undersea spinoff comic. He turns himself inside out to escape.
0	He's freaking amazing in that movie like seriously just perfect balance to the characters with his outlandish behavior. What better way to show the badassness that is Bruce Willis than to give him a effeminate celebrity to try and save the day with, badass and funny go together perfectly.
0	yes, they revealed the whole plot to the extras in this scene.
1	The complete opposite of a lot of movies and TV shows. Vancouver, as it turns out, looks just like the US. Who knew those fucking canucks would copy our architecture so diligently.
0	"I wouldn't ever want to see the ""blockbuster hit"" version of Dune. It would be terrible. Imagine all the awesome shit they'd have to drop out and the pointless CG they'd have to shove in to appeal to ""the masses"""
0	Saves wear and tear on the space bar.
0	"Exploiting pareidolia? Since it only really ""looks more menacing"" if they're visualized as eyes."
0	Oh yeah. He also ups the creatures by like a billion. It's nuts.
0	Agreed.
0	Femur?
0	"You have to do ""You are one ugly motherfucker"" please!!! It's my favorite line from one of my (if not **the**) favorite movies!"
0	"Are you my friend? We do the same thing. Although I thought the line was ""CIA got you pushing too many pencils Charlie?"" I could be wrong."
1	Plus he has all that experience doing great comic book movies like Ghost Rider.
0	Is what the Maid's kid wanted to know.
0	Primarily, yes. The rest of which, however, was just a generic action script/film to me with not much separating it from other action films.
0	Reddit is so fickle. Yesterday someone used wikipedia as their TIL source and all of the comments were ridiculing him for it.
0	Yesh.
0	I'm surprised, after their revolution, they would even have film festivals. The concept of one seems so liberal to me.
1	Who cares about her talent? I just want to know when I can BONE her!
0	My point exactly. You've been conditioned to think it is great.
0	Heat is in my top 5 of all time, however I wish Bobby D had gotten away.  I'm not saying Al Pacino should have been the one shot in the end, but yeah.
1	over his crappy movies I'm sure
1	"Where's my ""Over The Top"" remake? There hasn't been a decent arm wrestling movie in AGES."
0	yea well my nuts get repeat viewings but i don't make jack shit
0	We've always been at war with Eurasia.
0	I thought the film adaption of the book was very strong. It's a short book and they left hardly any of it out.
0	Ok buckaroo.
0	My question is: why the fuck does it matter?
0	Plus, the Dances with Wolves and Pocahontas similarities make sense, since Avatar was a metaphor for the real events those were based on.
1	This reminds me of when Downey was nominated for best supporting for his role in Tropic Thunder. Acting like an Australian who was acting like an African American was his best work.
1	What a great original character! I don't know anyone who would remind me of this fresh new Alien character.
0	I read that in lil' jon's voice.
0	Plus if you look at Arofronsky's super artistic movies, they still have a story and development.
0	Did... did you just slag off Idris Elba on Reddit? Isn't the punishment for that exile?
0	"Except those Kaijus were built specifically to beat those Jaegers. It makes perfect sense. ""When you drift, it goes both ways""."
0	isn't Del Toro supposed to be making the new tv show called The Strain right about now ?
0	No. We are introducing zombie dinosaurs.
0	"Observational humor works on some people. I personally agree, though, that it's kind of a lazy joke. ""I age like fast food."" Woop. Don't try too hard now."
0	"And yet they still managed to have a serial killer that used an air piston while rocking a bowl cut. Its like they decided even if they were going to adapt a book, they still had to find a way to put in some quirk. Still fits the model though, replacing ""quirky"" with ""drama""."
0	You're thinking of Amy Schumer, not Poehler.
1	You've obviously never seen Fantastic Mr. Fox.
0	Jason Schwartzman?? Aaaaaaaand check.
1	Thanks Obama.
0	I'd just be happy to find more of the original gems period. Haven't really had a good fix since The Good the Bad and the Weird.
0	Thank god. 3D is bad enough.
0	Bad example because MJ only charges that much because he *doesn't want* people to ask for his autograph. At this point he's probably just done and uses the ridiculous charge to discourage fans. Back in his younger days he was more than happy to sign things, especially when he went to UNC.
0	You're getting ripped off! My cousins over there buy them at like 5 pesos each with all the special features included.
0	It's about as much of a historical drama as the Tudors if that makes you feel better
0	this isn't funny
0	So did SEAL members take $30,000?
1	"Calm down everyone. The movie is ""*based*"" on actual events. It is not a re-telling of the actual event. Hollywood has done this before, but only 2 or 3 times."
0	I think the crew members are just mad they're not getting paid.
0	The films were released within 5 months of each other.  Further, she was *on the set of Adventureland* when she was cast in Twilight.  My point is, she hasn't done shit since because she put herself in a corner based on twilight, and based on Adventureland could have carved a decent career for herself.  Instead she decided the paycheck was worth it.
1	This is the internet...why would you lie??
0	"""And that, kids, is how I met your mother."""
0	Most notable and best.
1	So then I OD and have no problems. Idiot.
0	It's an ad campaign so that people who otherwise would never go see it will actually give a fuck about his new movie.  How do you guys not see this?
0	She received an Oscar nomination. So some disagree.
0	4 5 6 how's that for order
0	... Kevin Spacey playing Jon Anderson?
0	where did this come from again? I don't remember, and google isn't helping.
0	I forgot about the TV show. Too bad they couldn't get the same voice actors back but Phil Lamar is pretty cool too.
1	Cuz Dizney is 4 bbabys!!!!!
0	I rockon its cause those are all true, except youre 30
0	Hi. I heard about your competition.
0	Suck it, Madge, suck it!
0	Meh. It bored the hell out of me. I just didn't care about any of the characters.
0	"Instead of delving into Batman's own psychosis (his moping in DKR is a poor attempt if even an attempt), he's been made a guy who only wants to fight crime for the good of the city and is willing to risk his life and body to do so. The comic/actual/interesting Batman actually has a more ""selfish"" I guess you could say reason, because he IS Batman, and if he ever had to give up the Cowl he might snap mentally. There's a really good line in Batman Beyond where Bruce says he knew that voices he was hearing weren't in his head because they called him Bruce, and he doesn't call himself Bruce. That's an interesting idea IMO, but instead he's most interesting thing in the movies was his voice"
0	Thanks Mitt
0	perque no los dos?
1	Nah, bro.  He just eats chicken and vegetables.  That's how he gets so big
0	Oh yeah... Crazy movie. Not the only time he plays an unlikeable character.
0	"it was way more grey than that. Tried to be as honest as possible. You felt ""america fuck yeah!"" with the torture scenes? The movie even ends with an ambiguous ""what now?"" ending and she starts crying."
0	The Music Man - 'but you gotta know the territory.'
1	Wow, really?  I had no idea.
0	Newsflash: making a great new original movie that gets excellent word of mouth and appeals to different audiences leads to good box office returns! What a shock!
1	Let's hope this means it gets the sequel it deserves!
0	"""I GAVE YOU SPECIFIC INSTRUCTIONS THAT MY LABIA MAJORA WERE NOT TO APPEAR SAGGY."""
1	Ya because fuck the police for doing their jobs.
0	I guess that makes him a method actor then.
0	Why was that link purple when I have no recollection of seeing it before? I'm uhm... fairly certain I would have remembered that.
0	Internet.
0	Which one was stunning? And which one was clever? They were all pretty literal ... and bad.
0	"Hell, if I got the opportunity, I'd go see it for the novelty. Even if it was a shitty movie (reviews seem to indicate it's somewhere between ""okay"" and ""not bad""), the results of their guerrilla-style filming alone are worth seeing in my opinion."
0	Gerard Butler could make a good Punisher. He was a more evil version of the Punisher in Law Abiding Citizen.
1	It's great how I don't have to actually see the movie anymore since they condense it into the trailer for me.
0	how do you build rounded stairs in the 6th pic with lego?
0	I thought of Game of thrones.
0	Sadly, I can see Marvel making Daredevil and Luke Cage PG-13 characters to fit in their own cinematic universe, which would most likely render the odds of a Marvel Knights film useless. I don't think we'll ever fully see a *true* Punisher film, now that the rights are back in Marvel's (*cough*Disney's*cough*) family-friendly hands.
0	Where was Splash?  That could have worked in beautifully.
0	Yeah, remember all the viral marketing for that Cloverfield stinker?  What a bomb.  Tell me, did they run that guy out of town on a rail?
0	"Well considering that vampires in film go back almost 100 years, no, 80s is not ""really old""."
0	Or his character with a different actor. I hope not, but it's not unheard of.
0	Try meth.
0	"""Oh, come on!"""
0	Damn, never heard of anybody hating on Hook. Agreed that it's an excellent movie that you rarely hear anybody talk about in general.
0	Sympathy for mr vengeance didn't make the list?
0	Just how film has traditionally worked.  This way they could all film on the same equipment and have the film presented as needed.  Now that everything's digital, it's easy to apply a crop on a film and just ship that, but back in the days of pure film, it was a very different task.
0	What's interesting about it?
0	That is pretty unique to Star Wars, actually. The vast majority of science fiction I read has more realistic planets with diverse climates.
0	I thought it was really interesting.
1	Brokeback Mountain, am I right guys?
0	"""I want more karma please like me or I'll spam until you do"""
0	It is only 90 minutes.  The movie is short and sweet.
0	To be honest, you can't expect much of that from a movie poster, unfortunately.
0	It was like an Indiana Jones movie. **I loved it!**
0	I've grown very fond of this movie once I learned Louis C.K. wrote it.
0	I love Drive, but it's far from being perfect.
0	Don't worry. They'll be tuned-up and repackaged and re-released with a bunch of other bullshit in 5-10 years by George Lucas.
0	"hence the word ""dream"" :)"
0	"CGI is so over the top and fake looking to me. It takes me out of a movie everytime. It's reaching critical mass, and I look at these scenes and go ""aha!"" that's why I felt those scenes were so underwhelming. These butthurt kids should be *thankful* that Hollywood keeps them around churning out shit year after year."
1	Because the buildings aren't rigged with explosives.
0	Godzilla was created by mutating lizard. Mutation by atomic blast from a test site. So the context is perfect, at least to me.
0	Granted if I had to chose between the two I would go Episode 2 first
0	That's also a reference to a season 1 episode of the Simpson's where Bart cuts the head off the statue and steals it.
0	Caught that the second time I saw it in theaters
0	I call being the new kid!
0	The point is to assert their right to use the character and deny Disney exclusive use of something Fox paid for.
0	I'm still reserving judgement for the time being, but for a big budget creature feature, I'm really impressed at how simple and haunting this teaser is.  It's nice not to feel assaulted by reams of loud imagery, and actually get to absorb a shots held for duration.
0	The movie was great.
0	There is not enough Michael Sheen in those movies,
0	Probably also other kinds of jerking.
0	It's not quite as good as the first one, but it's still very cute.
0	The men all look like failed game show hosts and the women look very 70s porny. Maybe I'm biased because I love David O. films but god damn I'm excited for this movie. What a cast.
1	Well shit. Now I have to see it in 3d. How dare you inform my decision, CinemaBlend.
0	Face on and off.
0	Come on Robot!
1	So you're saying his system's accurate?
0	NOPE. NOPENOPENOPE. As a devout Hank Pym fan, don't you dare mention that panel.
0	Hail to the king baby.
1	I'm sure a business that spends that much time on the fucking counter will be successful beyond their wildest dreams
1	YOU LIKE A SUMMER POPCORN FLICK THAT I DIDN'T LIKE EAT MY DOWNVOTES BITCH.
0	Fact with tact is a real class act.
0	this is probably just a screen test for a suit, or teaser stuff. i dont think they are that far into production yet
1	You forgot the
0	RIP - the guy was a genius.
0	That would have been incredibly inefficient.
0	Most of these aren't even mistakes.
0	Yeah that was super weird.
0	That sounds really dirty for some reason.
0	Hollywood has the tendency to take popular actors and put them in everything for up to 5 years. Just everything is Cumberbach lately. I like the guy but Sherlock, Khan, and now Smaug!?
0	He's just wants to test the limits of his method acting.
0	Final cut was 10 hours. Hard to imagine what could've been in it
0	So you saw when my wife and I...oh no.
0	My feelings exactly!
0	I only ever see it used as a punchline. I forgot that it was an actual film for a while.
0	Emotional rollercoaster of a movie.  Guillermo Del Toro is a genius.
1	Wow, I've been on the edge of my seat for this one.
0	It's a bit too small to say that.
0	I think some of those who took the arc partly just wanted to repopulate Earth with her.
1	Yeah, I don't remember seeing this yesterday. It's been a week at least.
0	If you click the picture in the article it takes you directly to that series.  Also, the 'some guy' that you refer to is posted directly below the image.
0	I know the film Children of Men is mentioned way too much here but the story of this game is a complete rip off of it.
0	Well its an approx. 7 hour movie, but a long sequence in Satantango takes place in the rain (when the old Doctor goes out to seek more booze).
0	Pretty cool. How far is your house from a real Theater though ?
0	The yellow as a wand, thought that myself for a bit.
1	"Just as long as they get the entire team who did the ""DOOM"" movie on this, then I can relax.  Knowing that they will make a movie that literally has almost nothing to do with the game is a comforting thought."
0	I agree with you. The author makes a fine point in general, but Black Cauldron failed for other reasons.
0	Okay, thank you for the reply. Would you be interested in any of them? I have The Place Beyond the Pines, Much Ado About Nothing, Before Midnight, Casino, and the entire first season of House of Cards.
0	TIL TMNT was an independent film
0	"The remake has different nuances to the plot and ""twist."" It is an interesting film to watch, even with seeing the first. I personally like most of what was changed."
0	I'm questioning why he bought it on iTunes. I understand watching it in a theater.
0	I hate nostalgia bullshit like this. Listen i'm not a fan of any new movie posters, but I think you have to understand that studios and marketing people understand this way better than any of us. These new posters are done like this, because they sell.
0	Can't remember where I read it, but some of his friends said that he thought people weren't laughing because he was a comedian, but because he was fat.  It was the first movie he actually would solely star on his own, and most of the jokes revolved around his weight.
1	Spider-man 3
0	"""I have traveled many miles and now have come disguised as a pimp to help you."""
0	Including a monty python skit means you really don't get it.
1	The need for 12-16 year old boys to be entertained by robots and explosions?  It's not meant to address anything, not all movies are Crash bro.
0	This is one of the worst possible directions they could have taken this.
0	Right, except they're really old now. That film came out almost 20 years ago. It would have required an even higher suspension of disbelief than is normally required for a QT film.
0	And these dates; too accurate for studio executives. Only directors are so precise.
0	That was an interesting story presented in a really weird way
0	I love the shit out of that film... :(
0	I will always up vote this.
0	I thought Her wasn't coming out until January?
0	Looks like an iPod Touch 4G on steroids
0	That movie sucks massive AIDS-infected dick.
0	Wat? It has some dated elements, but it's a near perfect film outside of that.
0	There have been a couple of made-for-TV movies.
1	It has to be a coincidence that the music for this movie is by mobu and OP's name is mobu, b/c this is totally real.
0	You can dere-lick... my uh_oh_hotdog.
1	Well obviously the movie camera gave the dog cancer and the dog would have lived forever if it weren't for the movie.
0	And to think, James Horner won an Oscar for Titanic, but not Commando.  Bullshit, I say.
0	"That scene when the monster held them down was like, ""Wings, bitch!"" I know it's difficult to fall out of a theater seat, but I almost did."
0	.....but it was..... or did I just get whooshed?
0	"The old saying in Hollywood : ""It takes 7 years to be an overnight success"""
0	Hence why Gabriel Byrne is giggling before Del Toro even speaks.
1	How is it no one else discovered this!?!
0	Hand *me* the fucking keys you fucking cocksucker.
1	But I was told the big movie companies don't make money with pirating
0	Also, elements from it creep into other Bond films.
0	Oh come on, there are some solid answers here.
1	This and inflation are good news.  It means the economy is growing.
0	translation: where is this from
0	"It was terrible. There wasn't really any traps set up as far as i remember. The house/mansion was automated through a voice controlled remote, so you'd say lights on, and theyd turn on, so most of the traps or whatever used them. So the kid would say ""door open"" to hit one of them in the face. I think one of them was a hidden fireplace room like scooby doo where the fireplace spins with you on it and it takes you to the other side, so one of the pranks the burglars were standing on the fireplace and the kid tells it to spin fast and the burglars get dizzy... It was pretty dumb, was like a cartoon. Easily in the bottom 3 movies i've seen."
0	Rye see what you did there.
1	So its another movie glamorizing the rich and powerful?? Oh, can't wait to see it!
0	Exactly. Just by what he said, I caught myself wondering whose side he was on several times in the movie. If they showed his watch, it would have taken out a lot of the suspense.
1	Then you like suck because this is like the bestest movie ever and like you should get a life because Jennifer Lawrence is like the most awesomest actress ever and like you suck if you don't like her and this movie and like you don't know anything about movies if you don't like this movie.
0	Every scene in Pulp Fiction is perfect,  man...
0	Did Dallas have that sort of reputation back then?  I feel like that joke wouldn't work now.
0	You should be in every cinema.
0	No Venom is the dark one, Carnage is red.
1	OMFG SPOILERS
0	But then they would have an easy response to thanos.  Squirrel girl is too OP.
0	I don't know, he's still got a very consistent set of reoccurring tics and traits as an actor.
0	Again, The Grey is in no way powerful.
0	You know nothing, Jon Snow.
0	Totally didn't recognise Sam Worthington. I loved End of Watch,excited how this'll turn out.
0	I thought it was the act of sex performed Jackie chan style, to each of their own
0	I see someone's bitter about their life choices.
0	I second that.
0	Thank you Captain Obvious
0	It was definitely not ludeenough to be compared to American Pie.
0	Hi.
0	When you see the movie, you'll realize that there are just too many.  And there's a way to do a time limit that seems organic and a way that's jamming it in there.  Almost everyone in Gravity feels forced to me.
0	I completely agree. So given the subject of this thread i should probably downvote you now?
1	Well, at least we finally got an official confirmation of some returning cast members.
0	this is the funniest thing i've read all day
0	So; *Death Proof*, *Kill Bill*, *Inglourious Basterds* and *Django Unchained* are all better than *Jackie Brown*, *Reservoir Dogs* and *Pulp Fiction*? Sorry, no.
0	I seem to remember him in a conversation with the director of Looper and praising him for the performance of Bruce Willis. Almost envious.
1	The heck do ya mean?
0	Gary Oldman is a chameleon, that man could be anybody he wants. In fact, I'm not too sure my reflection in the mirror isn't just Gary Oldman holding up a frame and looking at me!
1	Don't know man, I was really disappointed there wasn't a kryptonite island to fight this time around
0	What did it say?
1	UGH SPOILERSSSSS
0	Whoa whoa as a Brit I was fine with this comment til you brought the colonies into it. Now I shall bring the full power of the commonwealth of nations to bear, I expect you to be receiving several strongly worded letters soon sir!
0	That guy seems mesmerised by his arse
0	That was exactly my point of my first comment, even if I said it awfully. hint: sarcasm
0	I've lost count of how many times I've seen Requiem. A way to tell those who own the DVD is if they know #3. It's a DVD bonus but never explained or shown in the movie.
0	Overdosed on Requiem :(
0	Ghostbusters
0	It's a Wonderful Life: Tokyo Drift
0	What does he have to do with the NFS franchise?
0	I'm very excited to see this movie, but at the same time I have no idea what is going on with the trailer's timeline/what the general conflict will be
0	Asgard
0	Yes. Like most TV shows, you need to give it time so you can warm up to the characters. Personal opinion not withstanding. You may just not like it. But it is a very similar brand of comedy to the Cornetto Trilogy; most of the same people involved.
1	You prudes are all the same. Just because a movie *involves* turning someone into a walrus doesn't mean it's *about* turning them into a walrus
0	I think that particular model of LearJet which looks to be from the 70s, maybe even older, may not have even had radar.
0	Seriously? I am not saying it's a bad film, but I personally didn't enjoy it. Guy is great at writing dialog, but Red State was pretty mediocre as far as thriller films go. It pretty much banked on the fact that you'd have a large amount of disdain for those extremist Christian cults. I reckon he handled the religious element much better in Dogma.
0	Good because I have Jack Johnson and Tom O'Leary right here if you want to throw down in fisticuffs.
1	OMG so quirky!
0	Caligula
0	And later in From Dusk Till Dawn in which he gets typecast as a creepy guy that nobody likes
0	The plane probably cost more. Gas prices were and are high.
0	because of all that dumb shit with the airship
0	Pretty much the basic plot of a book is a flawed protagonist overcoming their flaw which she did.
1	Yes I can totally see the logic behind spending $175 million on this movie, because OBVIOUSLY this is going to catch huge mainstream appeal.
0	Wasn't suggesting anything, just can't believe that movie wasn't more successful.  How can you watch the trailer for that movie and not buy tickets immediately?  What was everyone doing that year when they heard 'Stallone's got a movie coming out.  It's about arm wrestling.  Are you in?'
1	You're right. How dare a movie come out that predominately features a group of people that aren't white?
0	the sequel to Night Watch? the russian film?
0	Hello kind sir, have you seen the Red Letter Media reviews?!?!??!
0	"It's sad when that can be considered a ""genre""."
1	Downton Abbey was set in the early 20th century so obviously they came before Clooney at the very least (duh!)
0	Plot twist: Same person. Same theater.
1	Because this is fucking reddit, your prat
0	Electric Sheep isn't a short story. It's a 250-ish page novel.
0	I didn't say it was negligence. It was convenience.
0	If a 3 min. trailer can ruin a film chances are that film was never going to be good.
0	This post is overused, if you get my drift. Can I get a high five? Can a brother relate?
0	Damn is he ok? Cuz that didn't look good.
0	It is! Movies have gotten so much better now that I genuinely don't know what's happening next. If I saw Prometheus trailers before I saw the film, I probably would have hated it like so many other people. I got to be surprised by the holograms, the rolling spaceship, the creepy albino cobra monster, etc (although they are still the worlds dumbest scientists).
0	Well, I bet you wish your nose was a dick... so you could fuck butts.
0	That's actually how post mastectomy reconstruction begins.
0	Are you trying to tell me there is a party in your pants, and that she's invited?
0	Haven't you heard? Anything that gets upvoted represents the entirety of Reddit's opinion.
0	What was the issue with the previous versions?
0	That's how I feel about Running on Empty. That was an absolutely fantastic film that deserves to be seen, but it just faded away.
0	He was given spider characteristics: strength, reflexes, and *knowledge to produce webbing*. He wasn't given the physical body parts for making them, but like a spider he knows what ingredients go into them. That's why he makes them himself.
1	Except for Porsche.
0	"It's just a regular size butt but on a 4ft girl. It's like having a 6"" dick when you're only 4ft tall!"
0	Samson with a full budget would be amazing.
0	get the fuck over it. soldiers are nothing special. they're legal murderers.
1	Yeah, the only reason someone could possibly dislike someone for committing an unprovoked and racially motivated attack is because *they obviously have low self esteem*.
0	It isn't. Calling out someone's hyperbole doesn't negate his original point
0	It would be every chuck norris joke ever, but with Gaston.
0	It's so quotable though. It's like the mean girls of B movies
0	Enya makes me want to rip my face off
0	Oh not at all. Technically it's a masterpiece. blah blah Cuaron blah blah long shots etc.
0	... they were, I guess I have to watch it for the 5th time then
0	Money happened.
0	I thought that was pretty decent.
1	... and focus on the love story!
0	"There's nothing quite as hilarious as hearing the reddit ""movie critics"" chime in with their two cents after the release of a trailer.  You're all so damn predictable and unimaginative, all one has to do is check your stock criticisms off the list from the Reddit Guide to Film Criticism Handbook."
0	His voice is so perfect
1	Me'sah think Jar Jar Binks would be a good addition!
0	As long as it doesn't have Jaden Smith in it, then I'm still interested. I'd rather have a Smith-less one than one that shoehorns in his son again.
0	Wait, was the first one supposed to be good? I thought it was okay at best.
0	If I was to make a list of 17 movies that were so smug they sniffed their own farts 15 of these would have made that list.
0	Can anyone confirm if this is something to worry about?
0	Actual science in science fiction.
0	Wasn't it November 5th, not the 12th?
0	Then the status of her breasts is even less relevant in the context of discussing the film, and is even further misguided as an attempt at humor.
0	I thought the villain was just another robot. BOOM he's liquid metal. I jizzed.
0	/thread
0	I tried to do the same at Borders when they went under. I was on my phone trying to show a friend picking up 'deals' that the marked down stuff was still well over Amazon's normal price.
0	He needs to look like the rock.
0	*TIL America's rich people have so much money to spend on Netflix they ran Blockbuster out of business, but they still don't have mandatory maternity leave.*
0	No good Fight Club fan will tell you anything about the movie before it. You really should go see it. :)
1	Um, they constantly read from the book in the movies, duh.
0	They were just having sex and he has a plastic glove on. That hints that something really fucked up was going on in there or something was fucked up about Marla's body.. So much so, that you'd need a plastic glove to touch her.
0	I liked Guy Pearce.
1	I'm sure any woman with a pulse would just *hate* playing the love interest of Chris Hemsworth as he plays a God.
0	Oops, good catch, thanks! Edited.
0	What a bat-tease.
0	i don't think it was good at all, and it had one scene in particular that was one of the laziest examples of writing i've ever seen.
0	Ya! Fuck him for being sad a good actor died!
0	The New World felt like it was 4 days long
1	Hey, fuck you for having an opinion on reddit!
0	I think you misunderstood. OP was asking for awful lines, not awesome.
0	Inspired by the KLF
0	I suspect it was meant to push the plexiglass down out of the frame, but NOT break it in half.  So when it broke in half thereby exposing the animatronic gnashing teeth to the kids, they probably freaked out a little bit.
0	Someone shut the fence off in the rain
0	You are making it seem as if Tommy Wiseau is a smart man.
0	A wet shit is better than the first one.
0	I can't watch the movie having read the book. I know they were written simultaneously, but the movie doesn't even compare.
0	Great movie
0	The Dark Knight
0	The hooker scene in The Life of Others. They just seem to both enjoy it so much.
0	Damn! Came here to say this!  So glad there are people out there with good sense!
0	I wasn't disagreeing I'm just excited that 8K resolution stuff is finally starting to be projected.
0	Wait, so the Blu Ray collection I have since last year isn't real?
0	The Dark Knight movie.
0	Who doesn't?
0	I Saw the Devil is AMAZING!!
1	They shot the poster in Dubai.
0	"what, it's supposed to be ""imager""?"
0	Yep. Frodo is the same age as Bilbo when he goes on his journey.
0	I still beat off to the naked punk chick.
0	Yes. I'm pretty sure they showed that happening.
0	They weren't zombies at all. Some of them were using weapons. Good movie though.
0	can i point out that pretty much all of these (minus the morgul blade and legolas' dad, unsure about the second one) are explicitly stated in at least one of the books/movies
0	So his hand will be able to sustain the pressures exerted by the rest of his body and survive all the bullets, explosions and so on.
0	You don't even put drive on your list? Fucking pleb
0	All these lore comments are making me want to read some Tolkien real bad.
0	I'm pretty sure they sit next to each other during the feast
0	He knew there was bad things in the basement. He just didn't realize they had found the staircase and gone up and smashed everything and everyone.
1	That ring Bilbo has is the one Frodo ends up having to carry too!
1	i tip my fedora to you, good sir.i hate your generation as much as you do.
0	It's Will Smith.  He pulled off the homeless guy in the 70s look.
0	Dirty Rotten Scoundrels?
0	"[](#s ""I saw this movie a couple days after tearing my Achilles.  Very poor timing on my part."")"
0	A better action movie at 1 million than a lot of the ~200 million crap fests hollywood puts out.
0	More than double.
0	Booze.
0	I like the fan made postet better... so much more interesting than the standard, cliche, poster.
0	If it went up to $20 and they had month-old movies, you'd be an idiot to drop it. $20 wouldn't even buy 2 movie tickets where I live. I would pay that in a heartbeat to have all the new movies.
0	Actually, Maul was already dead by the time Plagueis died.
0	Yea I get notifications on my phone and tablet of new seasons added. Would love a sub menu of series I have watched and would Like to keep track of.
0	not really. Netflix would have to ridiculously expensive to be able to afford the movies that would replace the revenue streams that are currently generating profits for the industry. It would cannibalize their current business model.
0	Sorry, his movies just don't work for me. If you like them, good for you. Enjoy them.
0	uh, how? it allows people to see movies who do not have time or funds to head to the movies and see 8-10 movies a month. The only thing it hurts is the concessions at movie theaters.
0	and what's canon?
0	Episode 3 straight up genocide
0	Unfortunately I now have proof that it's my intellectual property. See you in court.
0	To be fair, that probably wasn't her decision.
0	It not you offering your opinion. It's the way you do it. You asked a question and there are plenty of people here giving you real throughout opinion. The least you could do in joining the conversation is to return the favor. Instead you come off as a pre-pubescent know-it-all that doesn't want to broaden their horizons. Notice I didn't call you that. I said that's how you come off.
0	If that doesn't make you a hero, I don't know what does.
0	Or you just watched Porky's
0	I think a three paragraph apology for the Prequels, CGI Clone Wars cartoon, Star Wars Kinect, and numerous rapings of the Star Wars name would be best. Get Lucas to write it as well, since it's almost all his fault.
0	nice :)
0	Hancock could of been so good if it just gave us what the trailer depicted. All I wanted was a superhero story about a superhero that doesn't want to be a superhero. I didn't want there to be two super powerful people in the movie, just one guy who thinks that just because he has these powers doesn't mean he's obligated to help people.
0	Was that a timestretched wilhelm scream I heard?
0	That's Nolan's maxim. Goyer was never that pragmatic with his other scripts.
0	Huh, interesting
0	"""The Reluctant Fundamentalist"" is a really good movie that makes one think through to the end, but the title is awkward, and too easily passed by."
0	He gets them attached to his arms by Ares, the God of War. He's imbued with power by a god. Then he becomes one.
1	or Obama
0	Such an awesomely claustrophobic movie. Probably my favourite modern horror movie.
1	Oh goody.
0	So this is Rise of the Dawn of the Planet of the Apes? I'm going to wait until Mark Whalberg arrives and then just watch them all at once.
0	Memento, The Prestige, Inception, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight
0	If I were calmer I'd slip into a coma.  A coma of *death*.
0	I only saw the original swedish one back in 2009, must've forgotten that detail.
0	Awful concept to anyone who understands economics.
0	I think it's an ultimately uplifting film that has a layer of darkness underneath it.
0	Movie Gotham maybe. But in the Markham games? No way.
0	Rocket Raccoon's about to kick some ass. Disney is gonna market the shit out of the little guy.
0	That cover of 'take on me' is the worst.
0	Jason is actually Shredder from the Ninja Turtles.
0	I need to see me some Karen Gillan.
1	Thank you. I was trying very hard. Thought I nailed the punchline perfectly!
0	I agree. I am an average person who only heard of ant-man and GOTG from reddit and they both sound really dumb.
0	"it is, because with begins you immediately think ""hey there might be more movies"", but awakens is a different meaning"
0	It's almost as if there is more than one person on reddit and not all of them have seen this before
0	I personally loved it and is on my favourite list.
0	"those are implied deaths and don't count because they are no ""oncsreen"" which is right in the fucking title."
0	Rifftrax have done a mcbain track
0	ah ok, at least you tried, that's all we can ask :)
1	Who would have thought a movie based on a biblical story would create a such a shitstorm on this site?
0	Are you pretending that Kingdom of the Crystal Skull doesn't exist? Honestly, I thought it was better than Temple of Doom.
0	Yeah, seriously. It's about as likely that Moses even existed that he looked like Christian Bale.
0	What biting and sharp-witted criticism.
0	Interesting that Xavier still seems to be on his careless bachelor phase. I thought the ending of First Class wholly transitioned him to the pensive sage he has come to be.
0	I thought so too.
0	Welcome to reddit
0	Was this the movie about the boots?
0	Did this recently, it was great! We did the first two on a Saturday and the last one on a Friday, we all had a great time.
1	It's much better he starred in the cinematic abortion The Phantom Menace.
0	It's cool I havent seen totoro, too much Ghibli to choose from.
0	"""This just in.  PETA is calling for the cessation of the use and distribution of all antibiotics, claming that it's cruel to bacterium and interferes with their natural process."""
0	Great year for movies.
0	The commercial made it look like a steaming pile of shit.
0	Starring: a different Affleck
0	This is why I always check IMDB before going with my parents. My dad said he convinced my mom to go see the movie and asked if I wanted to go. IMDB saved me, and now you can save others.
0	You know Daniel Craig was *cast* as Bond, right?
0	If this rumour is true I feel like they're pushing too much at one point. I imagine the goal is to build up to a JL film, and that's great but the reason the MCU works so well is that they took the time to establish each character/the overall universe.
1	Can you imagine how *bad* Phantom Menace would have been if there was studio interference? We sure dodged a bullet there!
0	Brian De Palma doesn't qualify as a great director. He's made a couple really good movies, some other enjoyable but flawed movies and a lot of bad movies.
1	Thanks for the spoiler tag asshole.
0	That pisses me off. It's getting bad reviews and everyone will blame Keanu, when the original vision has been altered.
0	How about Hugo?
0	He definitely said T&amp;A
0	This guy gets it!
0	they also play the system in a way where they know what they can get away with.
0	Fuckin' a!
1	Hahaha. Yup. Everything. Everything on tumblr is shit.
0	How do you know he's seen the movie?  Did you dig in his comment history?  Because he doesn't say so in his comment.  Rereading it, it's actually pretty ambiguous.
1	A Peterpan live action Prequel. YAY
0	UNCAS!!
0	I think This Is The End was way too widely enjoyed to be considered a cult film.
0	Hope it's better than the Julian Assange thing.
0	Most people seem to be saying the music was one of the films strong points
1	I'm definitely going to blindly trust a stranger from the Internet and quit my job
0	I'm about to go to work and you just ruined my day.
0	"You're right, ""plot"" is the wrong word.  Narrative is probably close to what I meant."
0	the 'bear jew' part was also pretty good
0	Synedoche NY put me in an existential crisis for 2 days.  I don't even remember what did it.  I'm afraid to watch it again.
0	Yeah Elf is a terrible fucking movie and is in no way a classic.
0	Who's the boy then?
0	just watch any number of asian seven samurai type movies.
0	ahh...cause a lot of it in the movie is the dialogues. I know colleagues of mine that also couldn't get pulp fiction and english was not their native language. But if it is, then, damn!
0	I liked that referenced boxing and how he deserved it for ruining the sport through match fixing.
0	If a human and an elf can fall in love why not a dwarf and an elf?
0	What are we referring to here?
1	You got Disney's Price of Persia.
0	I was watching this today and it got me wondering. How did they create the snow? It seemed very slushy and foamy at times. At some parts when George was running through it, it kinda splashed up like very watery snow. We don't get snow a lot where I live and I was wondering was this a valid representation of snow, or was it kinda poorly made , fake snow? Normally snow in tv and movies is a bit more crunchy
0	you just put the pin back in, right?
0	Isn't it much more likely that the author is just ignorant of Japanese pop culture?
1	Yeah, it's undoubtable that the Communist party would never have taken hold in America and we would have never seen the worldwide society of collective ownership we now live in if it weren't for 1940s movies like It's a Wonderful Life.
0	"That annoyed the fuck out of me. He took the time to put an apostrophe in place of the 'a', so he obviously knows he is writing ""another"", yet he still doesn't catch how wrong it is."
1	Opinions shit?
0	I think it looks really good to be honest and plan to see it this week.
0	I'll bring the glaucoma. DON'T FORGET ABOUT THE DIP!
0	The descriptions are easily translated, but I still feel like movies lost something in the conversion process.  The biggest thing to me was that the movie characters felt like video game characters do now; just flat and terribly objective orientated.
0	You should read the comics, they're great.
0	I think Louis and everyone involved in Bill and Ted would have too much respect to George Carlin to recreate his character like that. I'd find it cooler to have a completely different character; almost like Bill &amp; Ted mentoring a teenager like themselves for some reason.
0	Jack Black in Bernie. It's so different than his other stuff. He really pulled it off.
0	Agreed as well. I didn't understand a lot of it when I was a kid (I first read it when I was like 10 or 11 or something, which was like 6-7 years after I saw the movie), but as an adult I read it a couple years ago, and enjoyed it immensely. I like how it goes deeper into the science than the movie did. It's a really interesting read. Although I like the little cartoon DNA guy lol
0	The first two acts are fantastic. I find the last act (when they launch the offensive at Nazi Mountain) to be very lackluster.
0	He didn't say it was
0	Seeiing the loose interpretation he took with the Hobbit, I'm sure he'd have no qualms making up his own retelling of the Silmarillion. Frankly I just want to see things like Ungoliant in CGI.
1	Right...almost all films operate at a huge loss to the studio, according to what I've read. These multi-billion dollar corporations just keep making the movies as a personal sacrifice because they just care about making fans happy.  They're true humanitarians, budgeting all of those multi-millions of dollars movies every year.  What great guys.
0	The cartoons were better then this garbage.
0	The Devil's Brigade is fucking amazing.
0	Yeah true, I missed that. You're completely right then.
0	I watched the entire movie this way and until about half way through I thought it might be a creative choice. TBH it added something to the movie -  somehow helped show how much of an outsider Logan was.
0	Because it's your one way ticket to midnight.
1	Iron Man only made 1,215.4 Million, not over a billion.  Read a fucking book!
0	I heard it was like the longest none stop gunfight scene in a movie ever..
0	It's a very enjoyable film. All of the characters seem real, it's hilarious and emotional when it needs to be.
0	Yeah, don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed it. Like you said, for the most part it's pretty grounded, and it wanders in to cliche territory, but it plays it pretty well.
0	that was hilarious, but now I'm sad
0	wow, damn...let me fix that.  Got a little parenthetical-happy =)
0	Yeah, but Balrog. Badass demi-god.
0	"Good question. Lots of people here saying it looks ""bad"" without saying way. So pretentious."
1	But when people bitch about CGI it makes them feel fancy. They obviously appreciate movies more than people who actually enjoy them.
0	Are you so sure? Prometheus was an obvious third act spoiler by showing the ship falling, but at best we have a death that drives the whole movie and nanobots. It'd be pretty stupid if the movie were to just end up like lawnmower man.
0	damn, gonna be a bad day when they find out both of their characters die.
1	But Americans invented English and don't have accents, anything other than American English should be subtitled.
0	I've actually never seen *Bringing Out the Dead*, but am a big Nic Cage fan and have heard many good things about it; I just never got around to it.  I had no idea Goodman was in that, too...good to know.
0	Nobody can get in touch with him!
1	I know right? Fuck South Africa.
1	Really? You found something in the movie Elysium *annoying*? That's a shocker.
0	Ah, yoo gon mek ah nyce litl pick-cha, ay?
0	Ant Man is awesome and has a great run through the comics. If you like comics start with the Age of Ultron and then move backwards in time. He's a fantastic character with a lot of depth.
0	I cannot fucking wait for this! Moonrise Kingdom introduced me to Wes Anderson, and now I think I love him.
1	Right?...right? I mean Batman or Spider-man weren't any good.
0	And The Defenders to cap it all off.
0	If Dino De Laurentiis and David Lynch did The Neverending Story.
0	Oh good, another one. The Last Stand, Expendables, Expendables 2, Expendables 3, Escape Plan, and now this.
0	Kill Bill Vol 1 is in my top 5 favorite movies so this breaks my heart.
0	Only if they call it The Other Other Guys.
0	I havnt seen the basketball one, but the ice skating one was pretty good.
0	*Cough, Ender's game the away the climax of the book, Cough*.
0	Yup! Go for it!
0	It looks like it's about an initially poor Indian person with daddy issues who hangs out with rich white people who may also have daddy issues, and one that seems to have mommy issues.
1	Color me shocked.
0	Quirky rich white people with daddy issues, more specifically.
0	i didnt say he is great. i said he is not talentless, which you basically said as well. whats your point exactly?
1	But he hasn't even played a bald person before!
0	have you watched blade 2 and 3? im talking about his films he does alone, do you like that writing?
0	*Alluded
0	Hannibal
1	Well, at least we'll have a Shakespeare in Love sequel.
0	Yeah, I'm not judging him for it. He's a grown man and can make his own choices. Point I'm trying to make is he's got access to resources the average person doesn't.
0	Of course it planned, I'm under no illusion it's not.  How exactly is it disgusting?
1	It's the animated version of the Quran. Of course it's beautiful! (You heathen scum.)
0	Judging by the posters history it doesn't seem likely. I guess it could be indirectly thanks to the social media buzz a stunt like this would create but it seems unlikely that OP is some marketing shill.
0	That's weird, because I read it the first time.
0	Which is irrelevant to your average american, as they're generally only exposed to christianity for the most part.
0	"I'm fairly sure this movie is partially why I am an atheist. ""Today children we'll talk about moses"", ""I remember that movie!"""
0	That's how Hollywood has worked since Gone with the Wind. It doesn't mean it will necessarily be bad, though.
1	no because everything that happened yesterday happens when you do it today, everyone knows that
0	No problem! It holds up well over the years, good movie. Go watch it!
0	nope, will still listen to the japanese dub
0	"Well, of course they could do that, but when I see ""Sandman movie"" I guess I think ""Sandman movie"" not ""bit of Sandman turned into a movie"". And yes, depending on which parts it could be good, but JGL would still be a terrible Morpheus, and a lot of the stories do rely on one another to make sense/be as powerful."
0	Yes they do, because Pixar and Disney are synonymous.
0	I'm predicting production hell. This is not a simple story. That or they'll butcher the source material like they did with Constantine. Maybe both?
0	Shit, you're right. I remember he played and beat Malkovich, but beyond that I'm drawing a blank.
0	Were you going in expecting murderers to be glorified as heroes? The protagonists of that movie were monsters in real life.
0	How many pots have you smoken?
0	This could turn really bad really fast. I hope they don't fuck this one up.
0	The inept projectionist, who it seems I have been overly harsh with. I take the skill seriously, and being one of the integral parts of real movie theater operation it upsets me when people who don't have a strong sense of the purpose or background of their job hack it up and potentially ruin the cinema experience or the prints themselves.
0	And that's why the movie interests me
0	You forgot  Piranha II
0	The trick, William Potter, is not minding that it hurts.
0	All he would do is have to play Jack Ryan who also knows about dinos
0	Interesting fact:   Lawrence of Arabia was the only best picture winner to have no female speaking roles (besides the female camel) and is believed to be the longest film to not have a female speaking role, period.
0	Good action, cinematography and sound, incredibly stupid writing/plot
0	Do you know if Disney considered it enough of a success to keep doing traditional animation?
0	most overplayed song in the history of overplaying songs
0	its the equivalent of going upstate from NYC.  Not fun, if you dont have to.
0	Haha, no worries :) Can't expect everyone to know about that article.
0	What? Most people on here LOVE the prequels. They were kids when they came out, so they didn't realize how bad they were. Watch, angry prequel lovers will downvote the shit out of this and prove me right
0	If that's the case, then I'm a major method actor, I always insist on eating the food on my plate.
0	That's been a trend of him with the Batman movies. The editing feels very rushed and cramped in some parts.
0	I think it's more accurate to say that a weapon developed by Agent Fritz, separate from his sleepy gun, can prevent the explosion of a particular homebrew boost that includes (among other things) some knock-off Extremis. Doesn't necessarily mean that the full capabilities of Extremis are just safe to use for everyone now.
0	omg these are making me laugh so hard
0	This doesn't even mention the trunk shots.
0	I loved that he was crying by the end.
0	Bruce Willy, AND Liam Neesons?!  THAT WOULD BE... MY... SHIIIIIIII-[explode]
0	Oh sure, I didn't mean to imply that the filmmakers had failed to achieve their goals.   It's definitely worth a look for anyone interested in   filmmaking as a craft.
0	"ITT: The usual circlejerk of remake hate and ""fuck Hollywood""."
1	Let's not forget the Naked Gun movies are based off Police Squad. Even says so in the opening credits. They just pulled a bunch of files from the set? That's kind of lame if you ask me.
0	Carolla also likes to point out that chimneys are far too slim for a human to fit in (I believe mine, built in the '50s, is 8 inches wide).
0	No Christmas Story?  Fail.
1	Yeah, like 12 Years A Slave.
1	Yeah, neither did Oj.
0	James Franco is a fish.
1	"""BUT THE HUMAN EYE CAN NOT SEE MORE THAN TWNETYFOUR FPS DIPSHIT. ITS BIOLIGICAL LAW"""
0	aaaand it's gone.
1	Great documentary, very sad but this should really be called when wales attack!
0	I believe Upstream Color and Frances Ha are on Netflix if anyone wants to give them a go.
0	exactly the reason I wrote it. I love that episode.
0	Don't forget Tintin in Tibet! Tintin's willingness to risk his life on the hunch that Chang has survived the plane crash is really moving.
0	Cool cool, thanks for pointing that out. I thought his character had a lot of potential.
0	Half of his stuff already is filmed. Plus there are sound bytes from other movies that can be used. Send off scene, no problem.
1	And trust *me*, non-Rush Hour fans have no idea who Jackie Chan is.
0	I saw it as a fever dream, too.  It was beautiful, scary, and completely crammed with symbolism.  I felt like I had 5 different interpretations to everything.  I really liked it, though-- Will definitely see again.
0	They were traveling at least 90mph in a 45mph zone. That's is driving/racing illegally.
0	Whole new perspective on Speedy Gonzalez
0	Still waiting for Potfest
0	Been watching Godzilla films since I was a little kid in the late 80's. Got the original B&amp;W Japanese cut on DVD, and used to have all the ones from the 60's, 70's, and 80's on VHS. I really liked the gritty feel of the late 80s and early 90's Godzilla films, although I haven't seen anything after that sans the abominable 90's US Godzilla film. Really looking forward to this new one, though.
0	I thought this was about WW3.
0	So their careers wouldn't be damaged by being in a shit movie for a pile of money. It's not like you can have *too* much money. Just extra bills in the retirement fund.
0	Pitch Black.
0	Every big budget movie is based on a book now a days.
0	that whont stop it from being made again. it was made once. every one knows it is possible. it will be made again.
0	You don't know that.  That could show up in the first 10 minutes of the movie.
1	Lol your downvotes. How dare you have a different opinion? fuck youuuuuuuuu
0	Wow really? I've heard some people get that with 3D but I haven't heard that about HFR.
0	I thought it was good too. Far better than the POTC sequels.
0	I disagree.  I can't think of a film she has ruined.  I don't think she's a great actress, but she usually does alright.
0	Certainly not.
0	Well only when we're talking about his movies.
0	The roar sounds incredible. The whole trailer I was hoping they'd let us hear it. It's just what I was hoping for :D
0	It definitely changed the movie. I like that it was was changed though, not just for the Viewaskewniverse, but because it was a little too much of a downer. Dante loses his life and the guy will get away, all because Dante is spineless, indecisive, and lazy? A bit mean.
1	I'm on Alien Blue and didn't see any other responses. Sorry for upsetting you
0	The shot of the jumpers In a sky of grey, trailing blood-colored smoke was beautiful.
0	Fuck no. Most sequels bastardize the original version and fall flat. The less unnecessary sequels the better.
0	Life uh...finds a way.
0	take my money!
1	Needs more Mathew Broderick.
0	Yep. Navigation and ID.
0	Wow. God damn that was awesome.
1	How daring and edgy of them.
0	Link doesn't work.
0	Looks like shit.
0	I'm sure Pacific rim has ruined any hope this movie has of being good.
0	I fucking love Alien 3...god such good atmosphere, music, and some of the spoken dialog in that film is fantastic.
0	Good call. I'd say Buster's pretty well-meaning, but I think he's also narcissistic in the same way as most children. His love of others is unconditional, but it's based on the assumption that the people you love take care of you and bear most of your responsibilities for you.
0	Eh, I'm an idiot, thanks for recognizing that
0	'Yellow modeling clay! That's the secret ingredient to eggs erroneous!'
0	Carl and Ellie are Andy's grandparents.
0	I'm sorry, but both of those movies annoyed the shit out of me. Spring Breakers was trying to be a satire of typical spring break party movies, but it also felt like it was celebrating the exact same thing it was mocking. While Only God Forgives felt so unbelievably artsy that it bordered on self parody. I was wondering if Refn was playing a practical joke on me.
1	These people must have soooo much fun watching movies.
0	You can downvote me all you want, doesn't make the movie switch genres.
0	bleh this looks terrible
0	I like how this graph proves that Rocky IV is the best Rocky.
0	Kinda like Arrested Development. At first I thought it was good but not great because I didn't get all the hidden jokes or double meanings. Even now after i don't even know how many times I have watched it, I still find something new.
0	my brother was at the game, said some guy came off Detroit DL and hurt himself on the field while practicing before the game started.
0	I agree with you, he's too distant. He doesn't have the calculating familiarity feel that Snow had in the books.
1	Yeah, that totally sounds like it.
0	the best part is Rogan is essentially playing himself because the story is about one of his buddy's being diagnosed with cancer. when Seth tell his girlfriend to leave because shes so awful I just wanted to high five him. fuckyeah good friends.
0	Sorry to hear that.  Makes more sense.
0	Calypso? I think that's what they called her. Yeah, she was a pretty hardcore voodoo stereotype.
0	"I see what you mean. Maybe what I said wasn't the best way to discredit the negative criticism. I don't know, I think as long as a movie gets something right it can't be ""worst movie"" material. Take The Fountain and Cloud Atlas, story aside they both had great visuals and great scores. Even if you didn't like the story at least it got those right, and you had some enjoyment. If something is a ""worst movie"" or flat out bad movie, I'd except that more than just the story would have to be flawed. If that makes any sense haha. I'm not a film critic or film major so my logic is probably still flawed"
0	No, makeup effects aren't better then CGI. And CGI isn't better then makeup. As always with things like this, both are tools in the filmmakers arsenal and both can be used well or badly. Both work well for some things and not so well for others. And likely they work best when combined.
0	Didn't see that. I apologize.
0	Don't know why you're getting downvoted, that's totally accurate.
0	Friday can't come soon enough for me! Going to a double billing as well, and seeing as I haven't seen the hobbit on the big screen yet, it's going to be fucking amazing!
0	Indiana Jones and the Search for his Arthritis Medication
0	So sick of Buzz Feed and their lists.
1	Wow! TIL.
0	"If I recall correctly Teller doesn't talk because 1.) It's his ""thing"" and 2.) When they first got the act together he did indeed talk, but Penn had the more ""show worthy"" voice."
0	Still doesn't solve the dirty cape problem.
0	Does the UK have any famous superheroes?
0	They did die in the ass a bit after Tomorrow Never Dies. The new bond films have taken a leaf from the other JB books (which is to say, Jason Bourne), which they originally planned to do for goldeneye, but couldn't find backing for.
0	never underestimate the power of a hollywood montage.
0	It just makes me so happy that he actually gets to be a part of the movies. His show is his show, and he plays an amazing character, but he has been a die hard Tolikien fan his entire life. Him, his wife, and their kids get to be in the Hobbit. I can't possibly imagine how awesome it is for him to have that.
0	I am as far beyond mutants as they are beyond you.
0	I loved Iron Man 1, and perhaps not coincidentally it's the one with the least amount of action and the highest amount of Tony Stark.
0	Well we agree on Iron Man 3 at least, but yeah Thor was better for sure. I guess I just wasn't in love with it.
1	Wtf? Annie isn't white red head? Must be too unbelievable in today's world.
0	I'll watch that when I go to bed and I'll sleep like a baby. I absolutely love ambient noise when going to sleep.
0	Wasn't Hank Pym named Scientist Supreme by Eternity?
0	This should have way more upvotes.
1	WOW! THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING! WHAT AN ORIGINAL LOOKING FILM! I NEED MOOOOOOORE SUPERHERO MOOOOOVIESSSS!
0	be back later i suppose
1	wow, fantastic, another Spiderman film
0	okay
0	It's too early to see the final CGI yet. Missing shadows and stuff.
0	To give it plausibility.  All the tech, R&amp;D has to come from somewhere.
0	Honestly, with the quality Marvel Studios has been putting out lately, I wouldn't mind seeing a new Howard the Duck movie.  I actually think it'd be a good Pixar movie.
1	TIL Inside Man is racist.
0	The whole Walker-being-with-Jasmine thing has been around for a while, but IDK if he was with him when she was 16. He's definitely been with her since she was 19. He denied proposing to her though. Note: I don't share the extremist views of the dickhead above, I'm just a Walker fan who knows about the gossip which has followed him. Hell, the age of consent in my country is 16 so I have no issue with it if that's what they wanna do.
0	No *Nebraska*? I saw it last weekend and was blown away.
1	Yea, because she's just so damn fat.
0	I cried, even during the trailer. IMO Man of Steel needed more of the Kents, every scenes with them was gold.
0	All I Want For Christmas (with Leslie Neilsen as Santa). Cheesy, but a yearly staple in my family.
0	He blew me away and I hadn't heard he died until after I saw the movie.
0	But the bands' tension isn't changing in this range of motion, unlike say if you were doing a bench press and the bands around the bar grew more taut as you pressed upwards.
0	I always thought Gina Carano would have been the perfect Wonder Woman if she polished her acting skills a bit.
0	Jesus smash!
0	"Yea I watched a few episodes of Justice League Unlimited a few times and it was pretty cool from what I saw.  The issues though is how many people haven't.  I was in the same boat with Marvel as well though.  The thing I like about the Marvel heroes though is that it seems like they get their strength from their ""defect"".  Like Tony Stark being able to power his suit with the Arc Reactor that keeps him alive.  Then Bruce Banner who turns into the Hulk after a failed experiment.  Except Thor though, he's a god.  Also Captain America since he's a super soldier.  Then you have the X-Men who have perceived defects which would make their lives more difficult in normal society but use them to protect those who persecute them."
0	She does an ok Shatner though
1	You racist! You simply could not accept the fact that Matt Damon is the white savior of the po' brown folk!
0	That damn IHOP.
0	I'd say weirdos in general have produced some great things.
0	Was he on drugs while he was watching it?
0	And he was a male model.
0	MCD, Colin Farrell and Favreau all were solid too.  The CGI fights, awful 2000's soundtrack and forced rom-dram killed DD.
0	I believe you because of how white his teeth are.
0	It's an interesting way of advertising, most people would usually say this type of advertising is fun and better but they're going overdoing it with Anchorman 2 so it will be interesting to see how well it does.
0	Technically you're the king under everything, shorty.
0	Could they really not get DiCaprio and Hill in the same room for even a minute? I've seen some bad professional photoshops before but this is pretty hideous. Shit, I could be wrong but it even looks like the sunglasses on Hills face are pasted on.
0	T:TDW is lower than I expected. It was a fantastic movie. Only next to Original Iron Man and and Avengers for me personally.
1	Voldemort randomly dissolving totally made for a dramatic ending to a series
0	Seriously.  I hated that scene and loved the movie
0	came out before Toy Story, so i highly doubt it
1	Yeah and Harry Osborn should have red and black speed bumps on his head.
0	Nobody, at that time, was going to go see a Travolta dance movie.
0	"For me it was gold, and maybe I am reading too much into it, but he had demonstrated he was really smarter than the cocky asshole who thought he was the smarter than will, so to taunt him with such a ""simple"" burn made it that mush better."
0	Fuck this bullshit, I want a ***true to the book*** Frankenstein movie.
0	They kinda explain. But it's not a good explanation. I just thought it was a weak story.
0	So, is this finally a rendition of *Frankenstein* that will be faithful to the book? I know Igor isn't in the real story, but they could have changed Clerval's name.
0	the preview for that looked terrible
0	Knowing nothing about Spike Lee, I think he's racist because he wanted to remake a film that's 10 years old, is extremely highly regarded for seemingly no reason other than the fact that he wanted to put non-Asian people in the movie.
0	It was the marketing. They ripped off the artist.
0	Like how the US Oldboy is a different take on the same source material of the Korean Oldboy (which is an adaptation itself).
0	You sir, just got out-hipstered.
0	There is no page...
0	I think that's my problem with people saying it's a bad film though.  It's not a bad film, it's a bad *Star Wars* film.  If this was a new IP, people would rave about what a great film it was, just like they did for Avatar.  Lets face it, Avatar has most of the strengths and weaknesses of TPM, but we didn't really know what to expect from it.
0	At first I thought you were mistaking the phone booth from Bill and Ted for a police call box.
0	It makes him a poor decision maker. His career is declining rapidly and he turns down a Tarantino movie? Then turns around and does a Shyamalan flick with his increasingly annoying kid? Which, by the way, was anyone actually surprised when After Earth flopped?
1	But but but Disney totally ripped Kimba off! Lion King is a shaaaaam!
0	But aren't there a few scenes that Disney clearly copied like not shot for shot but I remember seeing awhile back a few that we're really similar.
0	Pretty doubtful in this case.  OP is just trigger happy with the commas.
0	Oh. That's not cool.
1	Oh man hahaha you're so right, holy shit, such irony.
0	While I may not have been his biggest fan, I have all the respect for him. My condolences to the family and his friends.
0	People need to see Running Scared. His best movie (that I know of). Amazing performance. Big loss
0	That was in response to an article that was posted yesterday.  Right now, his official facebook and twitter accounts have confirmed he is, in fact, dead.  It's also been confirmed by ABC, Variety, MTV, and numerous other news outlets.
0	So many idiots are posting that link everywhere. People don't even bother to check that that fucking site is a satire site, similar to Theonion
0	Aside from the knife scene the hitman movie want too bad.
0	So you mean Aldrich Killian from Iron Man 3?
0	Eisenberg has the face for it, but I don't know about his presence.
0	That sucks because despite him being insane he still makes very entertaining movies. Mission Impossible 3 and 4 were fucking awesome.
0	The picture quality is much improved over the DVD, and I don't just mean in detail. The color timing is much closer to the original, much more golden yellow tones. They also changed the color timing of the third movie to better match the first two, but who really cares about the third one, right?
0	I would murder someone for '66 GTO. That car was sexy.
0	An offer I can't refuse!
0	"But [](#s ""Kevin Spacey wasn't Keyser Soze"")"
0	To be fair, Revenge was league's better than it's predecessors. Maybe he was comparing?
0	The cinematography is fucking flawless in all three movies
1	Yeah, there's obviously no appeal to arguably the worlds most popular superhero besides maybe Batman. Absolutely genius insight on your part
0	is that Jackie Chan dressed as an indian?
1	Who's the last guy? They didn't give him name heading.
0	I hate it when a trailer gives away the entire film.
0	Well South Park started out pretty wacky. In the first season we had a talking Christmas poo and a giant mechanical killer Barbara Streisand.
0	The Dune Miniseries is by far one of the best long-form adaptations of any novel that I've read. What was production like on such a long project?
0	The turtles won, right? My turtles always won.
0	Questioning his sexuality? That's the dumbest thing I've heard all day.
0	"I think you're expectations were too high, which was very much a fault of the marketing and the original film. I knew nothing about the story before I watched Dredd, I just knew the basic idea of the mythos and knew it was supposed to be a good action film, and I loved that it was a film about a single day in the life of a Judge, and not a ""save the world adventure."" I also loved that it was an escape film; it's a classic premise that is surprisingly under-utilized. But if you went into the film expecting something grander and more epic then you were undoubtedly disappointed."
1	WHILE WE'RE AT IT, LETS REBOOT STARSHIP TROOPERS AND MAKE THAT PG-13. REBOOT ALL  PAUL VERHOEVEN'S FILMS!
0	So you're endorsing myopic interpretations of material?  You sound like a redditor alright.  Don't get out of your box, the sun is shining out here.
0	I'm also curious. Maybe I haven't seen the uncut version.
1	How was it a circlejerk? The guy invented religion!
0	I think I would've liked it a lot more if the 1970's one hadn't existed.
0	You're probably right. CGI is already often indistinguishable from reality when blended in films. And from the point that we can create a full CGI film that looks real, the future of it will just mean making it cheaper and easier to work with.
0	so motion capture doesn't look stupid, so when they talk it doesnt look like a muppet
0	...Is this really necessary? God, Reddit is so fucking aggressive about the stupidest shit.
0	I bet someone foolishly trusts loki again.
1	From the guy who brought us Ted?? Really???? I'm soo exccitteedd!!!!
0	Optimism Central!!!
0	Ted was so crappy, and I love McFarlane. Family Guy and American Dad are awesome, especially American Dad.
0	I would love to see a movie, with just the super villains. They do it sometimes in comic books and animated super-hero shows and if the characters are great, it is really good. Unfortunately, Loki is the only good Marvel cinematic villain at the moment...
0	So they're finally, after all these years, making a sequel to *The Matrix*? Cool.
0	I'm still trying to figure out how Havok relates to Cyclops in these movies.
0	You should check out The Following. It's a tv series with Kevin Bacon and Shawn Ashmore (Bobby). Talk about serious.
0	I think First Class is the closest we'll ever get. Apparently there was a script in development for his Origins project, but they just adapted it into Magneto's First Class arc instead.
0	...he died in Chronicles...did you all miss that somehow? He got incinerated on the prison planet.
0	or, and this is a crazy concept but stay with me here... the actual costumes are massively complex and the animators opted to instead simplify them so they could be animated easily. Just an idea.
0	I honestly think he's a pretty shitty actor
1	Water World?
0	But those 4K mobile phone cameras don't have the same dynamic range that 35mm film has or the digital Arri Alexa.
0	a pic for ants
0	It never says that in the books. Orcs reproduce sexually like everything else.  The mud pit egg sack thing is totally made up for the films.
0	Except it's information irrelevant to the movie, and things that were changed for the movie.
0	brief overview above
0	ah that makes sense. Still it's not much of a happy ending them both penniless and in hiding.
0	"""Kid, you're going to be tall and gorgeous one day, so we'll even the playing field a bit."""
0	Quite sure that it's a whole new cast iirc.
0	Men In Black II
0	MY gf hates it but I look away from the screen and plug my ears like a kid whenever a preview for a movie that I already know I am going to see comes on. I dont need to see a preview if Im going to see it. One watch o a preview is all I give to them most of the time now.
0	Yes. That's what I said.
1	Haha, don't you just love it when guys like him undermine the face value credibility of dying cancer patients?
1	Hey, I may steal movies and music after they've been produced, but I would never go film a band during practice and show the world before they got to present it in the fashion they wanted. It's one thing to steal a book. It's a whole new level to steal the book before it's been published, and start shouting spoilers to the world.
0	Don't piss in the popcorn dude.
0	Seems like you could easily determine who leaked such a long document. I'd change a few different lines in each copy I gave out so that if it did get leaked I know exactly which copy was leaked and therefore who is fully or partially responsible. It would be hard for anyone to determine which lines were unique to the copy unless they had the other copies to compare it to.
0	"It's still the complete work being put out there, not some embryonic shadow of what the work will actually be. But sure, a lot of defenders of current copyright law use the ""artist's right to control the circumstances under which their work is consumed"" argument to argue against infringement."
0	God I hate this mantra. It is entirely not true.
0	I don't understand why anybody is upset about this. People pirate movies all the time and that's not a problem so why should stealing a script before the movie is made be a problem?
1	Gawker was just *sharing*. That's totally okay, guys.
0	"Keep in mind, these aren't ""posters"" but something thrown together by Empire Magazine. I feel like a lot of how bad this looks probably comes down to someone at Empire hastily throwing together TWENTY FIVE covers on deadline, probably with limited resource photos to draw from. Some things definitely ARE the fault of the studio- like Quicksilver's horrendous design- but these covers looking bad is on Empire, not Fox."
0	The cold never bothered me anywaaaaaay
0	Disney's Robinhood as a dark, gritty, fantasy movie? Yes please!
0	Cool creatures.
0	Excellent.
0	I don't think either of them can hold a candle to The White Ribbon; Haneke always does really cool cinematography in his films.
0	"When I first saw the movie (I was a little kid) I thought the guy was shouting ""shoe laces!"", not ""shoot her!"". I was very confused."
0	Serge I Blocka
0	And mustache.
0	"He doesn't decide to adopt his ""father's"" surname until literally the last line of the movie."
0	At first sight it reminded of the Goomba from the SuperMario movie.
0	Tarantino said himself he was probably going to release it as a book and move on to whatever movie he wants to make now
0	And this means...?
0	They sold it to kids.
0	lol you not serious right?
0	I for sure haven't should I
0	Brian De Palma is a hack. Untouchables is terrible.
0	I understood this reference.
0	I will likely hate it. My brain does it's own thing, I can't turn off my analytical impulse.
0	The movie is not even out yet and will not be out for awhile. Give it time people. You will all get your stuff.
0	Sylvester Stallone bad actor? News to me. I always admired his work
0	That just looks like Steve-O.
0	Meat Loaf played Darth Vader?
0	Spirited Away is a film that I can watch multiple times and never get tired of it. The animation is gorgeous, the characters are memorable, and the music is enchanting. It is truly a film that makes you sit down and just marvel at a good story.
0	I don't know what that means.
1	OH NO!  His career in valet driving is over!
0	She's a terrible actress... Ok for Fast &amp; Furious but not good enough for a lead role.
0	"It's very easy to imagine. Replace MPAA with government and ""direct censorship"" with ""defacto ban"" and you'll understand."
1	Which is why the president fought hand to hand with a knife
0	great piece; I really enjoyed reading this. Swingers had a big effect on me when I was a teen and will always be one of my favorite films. Thanks for posting!
0	I left the theater at half the movie.
0	Yeah only I suspect the negative changes won't happen overnight.  They'll slip each one in quickly and quietly until gradually over time they've filtered and destroyed everything.
0	That clip was so cheesy I assumed it was an intentionally over the top fake movie when I saw it in Cape Fear.
0	i saw it in korea in english. but the song at the end credits was still in korean. my friend is fluent and didn't even notice.
1	So, no close up anal penetration scenes?! Hollywood, you disappoint me!
0	It's movie news. It's relevant to this sub.
0	Tough shit!  You will wreck stuff, make one liners, and enjoy it!
0	So I thought Lucas said they were avoiding the expanded universe. (Neither using a story from the EU or writing it such that the EU is interfered with) If those 3 are alive, the EU has written a story about the time frame it takes place in. Any body have any idea when/where it tasks place?  We're not getting jacen and jaina are we?
1	Oh come on, what teenage kid wants to play around with power converters? Totally ruined the suspension of disbelief!
1	Yeah, I mean, magical mythical artifacts full of face-melting ghosts is one thing, but man that refrigerator scene was just *too far*!
0	They did it for the Golden Globes, so I'd assume so.
0	Ford is still in great shape. For whatever reason I still see his life as him on always on the run. Somehow he ends up saving the main character from deep shit in the first half of the movie and what he does is awesome but his limitations will be really apparent and whatever he does is taxing on him physically and as a person.
0	She looks unrecognizable, so It'd be the same if somebody else took Leia's role. Harrison looks exactly the same but older, and Hamill looks puffy but similar. Fisher could be a whole other person, I don't even recognize her gestures.
0	*Fake babies* need the **most** attention!
0	Chewbakka Brown
0	Make a movie about making a movie and having the script leaked.
0	You forgot the best one! The people in John Carpenter's The Thing have the original The Thing on in the background of a shot. Good list though.
0	According to IMDb, it's at $78m.
0	You must be lost. Here on reddit, piracy is a fundamental human right and its downright oppression for companies to expect revenue from their products. Please keep logic out of the discussion and have a nice day!
0	By far my favorite scene of the movie and perhaps my favorite comedic scene ever.
0	Well, he's not a god like a lot of people seem to believe.
0	I love me some Harrison Ford, but Alec Baldwin is still the best Jack Ryan.
0	The thing about it is, a lot of Tarantino's films are not that violent. They are more dialogue heavy than anything. Compare them with something like what John McTiernan puts out and you'll see where I'm coming from.
0	Just playing Devil's advocate here, but if the fact that it's going to degrade with time, get stolen, lost, etc. is your reasoning for avoiding an emotional attachment with an object, how is that any different than getting attached to a person?
0	"What bothered me was how people would just say something and then hang up. Like ""Gimme some sugar"" and they make a kissy noise and hang up immediately. Anyone I know would kill me if I didn't say goodbye first."
0	Nah, none of the characters in 1984 were dumb enough to do what this guy did
0	But most people don't have that recording device in a position with line of sight to the entire movie screen for the duration of the movie.  If someone was holding their phone up for the entire movie 1. They are a jerk and 2. They are probably going to draw suspicion from theater employees
0	I hardly consider that giving away the ending like Lone Survivor
0	So...what? You're suggesting we never get another live action Joker? That's ridiculous.
0	Strange house, I want it.
0	Buster Keaton, doing his own stunts before it was cool.
1	oMG HAIL cORpORATE
0	12 Years A Slave was a great movie but I felt it was over hyped. I was expecting the ending to leave me to tears but the movie just didn't make me feel that emotional. Great performances though.
0	Huh? You would think most first names would be taken on aol by now too.
0	What software was used for this?
0	Oooo I'm looking forward to this!
1	Ya fuck that way of expressing plots!
0	That was horrible.  Whoever shot and edited that should be castrated with a dull knife.
0	"Moffat is a writer and kind of a genius at that. Yes he can be a diva, and yes some of his stories feel ""fannish"" or self-indulgent in some ways. I would never group him in with the unwashed masses. And Doctor Who was/is lucky to have him."
0	Jacob from the later seasons of Lost.
0	It's going to be the Prequels all over again. There's absolutely no way the new movie will ever live up to the hype, so it's going to widely panned by fans and critics alike.
0	Crackle is ok, mostly old movies, but are free, minus a few commercials. The commercials are just in there, they do not cut up the movies at all.
0	Here's the thing: Heath was cast by an excellent director.  That rule doesn't work with movies with subpar people doing the casting.
0	A different actress played the part of Samantha during the filming of the  movie. Johansson was hired afterward because he thought something was missing. I think he would have hired her right away if it was intentional. Both writer/directors probably put a lot of their personal experiences into the work, but I don't think Johansson has much to do with it. Just has a sultry voice.
0	As an adult, I find it amazing and hilarious that there was an episode about freakin' Cthulhu.
0	To me it did. Pretty much the only time bad things happens when a timer is ticking down is on 24
0	I agree he is a fantastic Superman, but the movie did not feel like a Superman movie.
0	I remember watching Gyllenhaal's performance and being mesmerized by his little ticks that are never addressed in the film. I agree, there was a beautiful and amazing subtlety to his character that made him so enjoyable to watch.
1	Pearl Harbor!
0	They'll probably look older for one.
0	"Uuuuuuughhhhh. That's almost as stupid as ""Please Mr. Kennedy"" not being eligible because it's loosely based off another jokey protest song."
0	What makes it more difficult at least for me is the fact that monica belluci is so hot so you're struggling with being attracted to her amazing body and the fact that she's portraying someone being violently brutalized
0	The Patriot
1	Come on, all marvel superhero movie posters are incredibly original.
0	"don't. When it ends you think to yourself ""hmm, so that's what irreversible means... It means I can't unwatch that"""
0	This movie has been in my top 3 since I first saw it in theaters. So excited to find out about this blu-ray release.
1	I still wouldn't classify this as bullshit. There is footage of these whales acting out and harming people and being held in harsh conditions. They had to pick inexperienced trainers to interview because the experienced ones were eaten.
0	Most overrated actress out there.
0	The question is: how much effect does the hype train have on voters?
1	groundbreaking stuff, time.......
0	However, the laughs from 3/4's of the film do kind of drown out the message until you really think about it. Actually, I take that back. Hitting his wife, calling her a viscous cunt, and nearly murdering his kid was really jarring. You (should) get it right away.
0	Which orcs are not CGI?
0	I thought he had a good performance in Two for the Money (2005) alongside Pacino. Although I agree the rest of his movies around that time were pretty meh.
1	No Oprah? IMO the best supporting actress this year.
0	That's not censorship. It is not law that a movie can't be NC-17, studios just don't want that. It's a guide so that you know what you're getting yourself into.
0	Most 'smaller' movies don't make it to big ass theatres. They usually end up in art house theatres. You're missing out on a lot of great movies.
0	You're right that the music from Frozen has a definite Broadway influence. But Broadway musicals have changed, drastically, over the last 10 to 20 years. Go back and listen to Phantom and compare that to something like Wicked and you'll notice a **huge** change in tonality. Broadway itself has become more pop inspired and decreased in quality (from what I gather) of the major, popular titles.
0	Rom-coms aside, I thought he was the worst part of A Time to Kill and he was almost embarrassing in Contact. But I am a McConaughey hater that is until I saw DBC, I'm rooting for him this year.
0	The first 30 minutes of Hustle are so freaking boring I thought the movie had dug a hole too deep to recover once it started actually getting interesting.
0	"I mean, I get that, but I think some stuff definitely suffered because of it. Like the ""we need to make these cockpits dangerous! Let's have them designed with gigantic, open, spinning gears right below the neck so he can almost fall in!"" I'm not talking about ""uh kaiju that's so dumb haha""...I had no problem with that. But there was some cheesey stuff in there that was just convenient to the filmmakers for building suspense, and that's lazy in my opinion."
0	"""I'd let her give me AIDS"""
1	Don't you know? The NRA man sends out evangelical racist homophobe religious robot death squads to silence dissent. Also, it pays all of us on reddit to support the gun fetish cult murder society.
0	That was one of the best movies I've ever seen, but when I rank Scorsese movies I still would put it somewhere 3rd-5th.
0	Did anyone notice under animation they used the wrong poster for Despicable Me 2? The poster is from the first one.
0	He's great because he's Jesus and Jesus is great. They also usually show people just standing around loving the shit out of this guy and letting their kids sit in his lap like a mall Santa and, when he gets around to it, he might heal a few crippled guys and then everyone is amazed. He's not even that great a teacher, sure he expounds on a few things that are more or less common sense but he never really did anything on a personal level for anyone. He's always shown walking around with a weird, spaced out expression like he's neither here nor there talking down to people but never actually being anyone's friend.
0	I'd wager combining the hemsworth brothers would have the exact same outcome
0	IT WOULD HELP IF THE MEN WE'RE TALKING ABOUT WERE ACTUALLY SOLDIERS.
0	Now do one with the top ten female pornstars sans make-up.
0	It's not about how much sense it makes when I laughed that hard.
1	Well, we can't have a 1984 movie be serious or anything. That would make people distrust those in power, and that's wrong.
0	Tom Cruise and George Clooney.
0	FYI the world didn't really end and none of that stuff in the movie actually happened.
0	I liked the rhino part. Wasn't Jon Benjamin the voice?
1	Yeah same way that the invention of the camera has made paintings obsolete
0	Perhaps it was in the original contracts they signed for the book rights?  Or perhaps they are giving small cameos to the man bhind the story.  If they didn't 'support' him at all, there would be no movie.
0	Seems he was really disappointed by an evidently 'over-hyped' movie.
0	Drew Barrymore was originally cast as Sidney Prescott (eventually played by Neve Campbell). But Drew Barrymore insisted that if she played Casey then it would make the audience think anything could happen.
0	I think you're overlooking the  black teen male demographic
0	I'm just jerking it to the concept.
0	"It's ""right right""."
0	It really showed how shaky cam can ruin fight scenes. For example, you couldn't tell a robots ass from it's elbow in Transformers. But Pacific Rim you got see everything happen, and I am not sure how to describe it, but the blows felt much more dramatic and powerful.
0	Who would you want then for Strange. I'd think Viggo Mortenson would be perfect but he's not acting much anymore.
0	is it good? anytime I see a movie has Zac Efron in it I immediately skip it
1	Yeah, screw those kids. It's like they're the target audience for a line of action figures. How dare those companies make something less realistic and more durable than what a collector wants on the shelf.
0	I knew Hot Fuzz, and like the actors. That's why I clicked the stream link!
0	It really was not difficult to see. The entire movie was about the relationship between the sisters.
1	Yeah, keep joking man. Totally funny this guy died in front of his wife while trying to communicate with his daughter. So funny.
0	Its also probably one of the most relevant movies about modern society and where its going. Its similar on couple of thematic levels to Wall-E, especially regarding our ever growing dependence on technology.
0	I remember 21 Jump Street being one of the very few movies where the trailer didn't really make me want to go see it, since trailers can make just about any movie look good. I was pleasantly surprised at how funny it turned out to be, I loved the chase scene with the motorcycle gang.
0	The thing is I actually found myself agreeing with some things he said in that episode, to my surprise. Most of what he said was ludicrous though like his opinion that a Brit shouldn't be making a movie about an American story. But all in all he seems like the very definition of a contrarian. Just going against the grain for the sake of it
0	It's to downvote comments that add nothing to the discussion. That's the point of it.
0	Hiiiii K
0	I really liked it, but I hated how pretty the girls were, both were WAYY out of his league, it was stupid honestly.
0	Such an emotional film. Watched it recently as well and just sat there in silence when the credits started to roll.
0	I think if you look closely, all the candid shots his eyes are open, all the staged shots they're closed. And wouldn't a magazine re-shoot the picture or use a different frame if his eyes were closed for a cover shot, or a ping-pong standee?
0	Blomkamp on mediocre is still better than 90% of action film directors at their best.
0	Howzit, eh?
0	I love The Crow,True Lies and Leon.
0	James Blunt?
0	It's because these posters are in french, it wouldn't make sense to put these up in America, duh.
0	nice try, ex girlfriend
0	The stairs at the country club too.
0	Transglobal teleportation was one of the plot points that kept me from really liking the movie.  If travel times were real, he couldn't have made most of those trips in time.
0	Ah! Thanks, I'll keep that in mind :)
0	Weird science!
0	Inflation man. Maybe not now, but early 90's? Million went a long way.
1	Let's down vote this guy for his opinion!
0	"They Americanized it. ""Happy Christmas"" sounds seriously bizarre to American ears."
0	"But were they *number one* in the box office though? Independence Day also didn't have just one lead by far, it was definitely a split lead. If you look through the comments, that's why OP said Terminator 2 and Titanic didn't count. Alien also didn't count because it wasn't ""top"", neither does Kill Bill, Million Dollar Baby, or Erin Brocovich."
0	This reminds me of the TV show Land of the Lost(the early 90's one) that used to come Saturday mornings.
1	but gifs and photosets and listicles. does IMDB have those? noooooooo
0	To redditors, any real-life brand or title being used in a TV Show or Movie is seen as a pushy advertisement.
0	He's a very good actor, but I always see him as Woody rather than as his character.
0	I dunno; those shitty Twilight movies do pretty well.
1	No shut up! He likes Alien more, that makes it objectively better!
0	it is if the protagonist is female (and not a twerp like Bella)
1	fucking clueless Canadians, step out of your igloo and get some culture.
0	Second Movie was miles better than the first. They changed directors and the new director is doing a much better job.
1	Even Demi Moore's GI jane?
0	"So screenshots from the trailer and a shot of two guys working on computers count as ""7 new Captain America: The Winter Soldier"" images""?"
0	He's the narrator of the story, though I suppose the story focuses more on Dean Keaton.
0	Give it a break.
0	So is this a real life version of Medieval Fun Time Land?
0	Can't act? He clearly can.  I'm not saying he's the best but to say he can't act is flat out ridiculous.  He brought his a game in Lawless
0	"Because he's being a drama queen. ""If you don't like what I do, fine! I'll stop creating new stuff for you to enjoy"""
0	And with greater numbers.
0	"I heard it bombed and nearly ruined Disney. People thought it was too dark which is why The Great Mouse Detectice is ""All Fun, All New"""
0	Almost anything by Todd Solondz, Larry Clark, or Gaspar Noe. They all have made good/great movies, but damn are they hard to watch.
0	It's on On Demand if you have a TV.
0	"What is the ""Mexico Trilogy""?"
0	Yeah, it seems like the number of people who are just (relatively) livid about Ben Kingsley being used as comic relief rather than a clever as hell villian gets unerplayed by the (apperently) more prevalent displeased-for-other-reasons folks, and I don't see why I should be dismissed because I wanted to see a great actor play a seemingly great role.
1	I'm surprised she didn't call for him to be unfrozen so the truth could finally come out.
0	"""They'llll neverrr seee meee coming!"""
0	She's my cherry pie!
0	Doesn't look natural. I see roots.
0	ET'S JOOST AH FLEHSH WOOHND!
0	Not completely, there were two other guys, but he was the most egregious example for sure.
0	I wish I was as close to victory as you are. Let me know how it is to be a champion.
0	Deep in the bowels of Twitter. The journalist who posted it works for 411mania I believe. Hence the 'apparently'.
0	Haha.  I must have been the only one in the world not to see any of the SAW movies.  Funny they all came out after I broke up with my girlfriend who only want to watch horror movies.  The wife doesn't care much for them and I've never been a super huge fan.
0	"For Serbia, ""Mrtav 'ladan"" and ""Underground"" both have 8.2. There's no way ""Mrtav 'ladan"" is as good as ""Underground"". According to the audience, underground has 96% on rotten tomatoes, Mrtav 'ladan has 86%."
0	Pokemon cards.  So much money wasted (not from me, thank god).
0	Happy to hear it, then!
0	How old are you?
0	I've heard forty years
0	that song at the end of the movie deserves a 100% on RT
0	I have, she was great in it! I was happy she was back in a mainstream movie. :)
0	The movie is one long death scene.
0	The book isn't intended to be used directly for answers though. Its meant as another version or interpretation of the stories and ideas.
0	The wall was not a good movie at all.
0	Good one, did you come up with that yourself? It also doesn't apply to polarizing movies.
0	Yes indeed! :P
0	Now all we need is an info graphic on what gets reposted the most on reddit.
0	Have you seen Reservoir Dogs? That's the first thing that comes to mind.
1	"Personally, I lean more towards his great performance in ""Kindergarten Cop,"" but ""Juniors"" is a great, *great* film."
0	This one seems kind of obvious given the movie's premise.
0	Don't be a dick about it. He was making a joke.
0	Lol I haven't played part 3 yet and was pretty confused.
0	Why not? Comics are as diverse as movies. Romance, horror, drama, and pulp comic books have been around longer than Superman.
1	Obviously not if you like vidya gaems.
0	Not comparable? Soooo your comment just didn't even happen?
0	"He pulled a tooth and refused to shower because ""realism""?  Let's get him cast as a eunuch!"
0	"Not just ""I'm a Bill"", but ""I'm a Bill"" for the seventh fucking time!"
0	It honestly put me in a horrible mood
0	It looks like freeking Helvetica, how is this a legitimate complaint? It's like the most famous font in existence.
0	Even if there are only technically two sith at a time, there can still be endless amounts of dark jedi.
0	this made me laugh a lot for some reason
0	"I have never heard ""I don't think we're in Kansas anymore, Toto"". I always hear ""we're not in Kansas anymore"" which is still within the original line."
0	"Well ""fly"" makes no sense."
0	Sad, I liked 13th warrior in a cheesy movie kind of way.
0	"I watched this movie on the Spanish channel one night when I was still in high school. I don't speak Spanish and I was high as hell, but I still remember how completely hilarious it was. All the character names were kept in English so it was like ""jabber-jabber-jabber NEEk jabber-jabber-jabber"""
0	"The first (and some argue ""best"") Bond was a scot."
0	I could totally imagine the first scene of Killing Joke where Batman goes to Arkham and finds out that the Joker in Arkham is actually a double.
0	A remake is keeping the exact same story, this one changed a bit. It's not a direct remake or a direct sequel, it's a re-telling.
0	Everything about Gravity was too convenient.  Bullock goes flying off into space, but don't worry, Clooney has this awesome jetpack he can use to go retrieve her.  Oh no, our ship is ruined, but we can just stroll on over to the next station near by.  Oh no, we can't use the emergency pod at this station, I can just conveniently launch myself towards another station just a short distance away.
0	He didn't say he was gay...
0	I'm betting his fight for the Christians is a fight for their freedom, not the rightness of their beliefs, although admittedly I haven't read Cave's script.
0	Wait, Dumbo came out in 1941? I'm a teenager and I watched that as a kid at my grandma's. She needs to update her movie selection.
0	Lame. I'm fairly sure he wouldn't have minded being killed off as he loved the series. My idea was for carter verone to come back, kill Bryan, and they all get revenge on him. Then vin hangs up his keys, so to say.
1	Netflix is pretty good. Some people like Hulu, but I'm not a fan.
0	Not a fan of BuzzFeed myself, but this story being on there is a huge way to expose this further, since documentaries hardly get heard about by the general public, even less so by them yutes. Awesome.
0	I feel like you should relax and let it go. :)
1	Ya, fuck him for not liking certain movies.
0	Okay, so how does it end? Who is the culprit?
0	I don't even agree with it. I'm just saying it's far from impossible.
0	They aren't inferior. They merely evolved to a different habitat than us.
0	I though it was awesome to have a reverse twist ending.
0	That could be a cool special feature for a Blu-ray bundle of wwz and its planned sequel.
0	I am skeptical. Sure maybe there are people who've seen the documentary and decide to never visit SeaWorld again, but the average joe and his family don't go to SeaWorld because it's fucking boring and shitty, not because of morality.
0	"not true. it's only the males who suffer dorsal collapse. the females don't. if it were speed/pressure thing, all the whales would exhibit it. but it is 100% male. also, when released back to the ocean, the fin does not ""un collapse"" so, the speed theory is a pretty bad one."
0	I prefer Hamburger University myself...
0	Michael Cain said [](#s 'that if you pay attention, his character never appears in a dream state. It doesn't matter if you never see the top stop because his character's presence is all that's needed to see it's real.')
1	Ted had plenty of jokes that weren't relevant to the plot line.
0	Or to put it another way, he is mostly white. And even if a small part of him is Chinese, they could try and find a Japanese actor for a film about Ronin.
1	moms spaghetti.
0	I didn't see much this year, but I liked Gravity and Spring Breakers. I sill haven't seen WoWS.
0	I came in here to ask this. I have not watched either movies, but was 47 Ronin really *that* bad?
0	"The key word here is ""drafted"". It's also worth mentioning that there was a lot of stuff from the book in there, too. Like the Lobo."
0	MTV cribs shows a hell of a lot more than celebrity awards. I'm pretty sure this guy's going to be fine.
1	So much airbrush, looks totally plastic. Give me a natural 101-year old anyday.
0	Mysterious, isn't it.
0	The bears were the only ones I was curious about, so thank you.
0	In that case, I'm going to need some recommendations.
0	Cosmopolis. It's one of those movies that you will get way more if you read the book as well.
0	My problem with HFR is that it's trying to look more realistic while filming fake things. It removes the soft filter that helps with immersion. All I see are poorly painted sets, bad makeup, and fake materials. I honestly thought I was watching a clever advertisement before Gandalf showed up at the tavern. It constantly snapped me out of the fantasy.
0	Viral marketing just gets crazier and crazier with every movie.
0	So why's Sucker Punch there then?
0	It's so funny when people make comments like this.  I can barely even type while I'm rolling on the floor laughing.
0	I love Samurai Jack, but modern scifi does not need more remakes and 'things turned into movies'. There's not a lot of new ideas though, which is why we keep getting that kind of stuff. Indie scifi has way more new ideas and new takes on old ideas because Hollywood is afraid of anything new that doesn't have a top-selling book or show behind it.
0	Probably the only tie-in I didn't see coming.
0	Because when they were editing the picture they had to redo his name and didn't know how to spell it. Now what I want to know is why OP referred to Up as Up Up and Away.
1	I could be getting the numbers mixed up but I heard the first film came out in 1985 ...
0	What kind of bothers me is half the movie is Javier Bordem running around trying to kill Judy Dench and Bond running around trying to save her or stop him, then in the end she dies anyways.  It's kind of like all that effort on both parties went to waste.
0	Am I the only one who thought that, while very brutal, this movie didn't live up to all the hype drama wise?
0	I'm assuming they're going for someone a little less obvious.
1	i love that you are getting downvotes. Don't you know arm hair is the most attractive thing about a women?
0	When will those Napster people learn!?  We can't handle all this free heavy metal!
0	Captain Kirk as Matthew McConoughey's character.
0	It's almost sexual.
0	For me, it's the dialogue. I look forward to very long scenes of dialogue in Tarantino films because I hang on every word. Every word has a purpose. You miss one and you could get lost. They are just as intense, if not more-so, than any action scene.
0	Yup. Seems to be a mix of Dreams, Ran and Kagemusha.
0	So this movie is basically the same as Snakes on a Plane.  Never mind being able to pull in fans from Parks and Rec, Doctor Who, Vin Diesel, Zoe Saldana, the MCU in general, and fans of summer blockbusters.  I'm not saying it's going to be the next Star Wars, but I hardly think Snakes on a Plane is a fair comparison.
0	I want to see Cap pick up the hammer in the MCU.  That would be totally badass.
1	All of the movies on the front of the magazine are retreads, it is pretty funny. Godzilla, Star Wars 7, Avatar 2, Jurassic World, Terminator 5 and then a Muppets movie and two historical epics. At least Hollywood is throwing some ingenuity and creativity behind their summer tentpoles.
0	Agreed.
0	I think I'm like the only one who couldn't stand that movie. Literally everyone I know LOVES that movie. Feel like an outsider :(
1	Yes Yes Yes, but what does that have to do with America, no one cares about Korean cinema!
0	"So you're declaring movies you never saw ""dogshit Americanized bullocks""? Wow. Pretentious calling, they'd like their meme back."
0	That's right.
0	You are correct.
1	It's because I thought it was really filmed in space! Now I know it was all fake! You ruined the entire movie!
0	I would flip that board so hard in frustrated rage.
0	Doesn't sound very witchy to me
0	A new IP. I think it was one of the cheesiest unoriginal movies I have ever seen. I don't recall too many people thinking it was original in its ideas, themes, plot or dialogue.
0	Not to mention that even if the blast wouldn't kill him you could drop one down his mouth and there's no way he'd survive, assuming you could achieve that of course and assuming his skin isn't made of elastic.
0	Well... you got me there.
0	There's plenty of time in the future to show your four year old Lawrence of Arabia.
0	"Ok, in that case it might be really good.  He also did the show ""Jeremiah""."
1	Also it made a lot of money. There's no other reason to make another one other than chances for more money. Simple as. This isn't some kind of fan service because the other one was a cinematic masterpiece
0	Huh? As a former theater employee, I *hated* short running times. Especially 1:30 movies on two screens. A movie was either starting or ending every half hour. Give me Lord of the Rings any day (except December 31st at 10PM, some of us want to at least *try* to have social lives).
0	Not a parent, but my mom still brings up the Pokemon movie as the single worst pile of shit I ever made her sit through.
0	Damnit Kenny.
0	Not to circlejerk, that is the resulting phenomenon. It is evidence of engagement with a line of thinking that culminates in said circlejerk.
0	That would end rather abruptly.
0	Its like this bass after effect his vocal chords give off after he roars I think.
0	Fair enough.
0	The money's under a big X in It's a Mad Mad Mad Mad Mad Mad World.
0	I would just like to say, for the record, that I am terribly, terribly upset about this. Harold is probably the first of my heroes to die, and a big chunk of my childhood went with him.
0	:(  I didn't realize the recent health issues he had experienced.  It is a sad day.
0	Dude, spoiler alert!
0	"If we were to draw a graph of my process, of my method, it would be something like this: Benedict, Benedict, Benedict, action, ""I am King under the mountain!"", cut. Benedict, Benedict, Benedict."
0	"Usually I don't mind because like it or not, the majority of Americans will never see many foreign films because ""they don't like subtitles"" and remakes are a good way to tell those people a good story (although remakes usually fail). For this film though it's not really necessary. The dialogue is at a minimum, and the whole film is just a dude kicking ass and taking names, something that American audiences enjoy."
0	I totally forgot that film existed!
0	Shut up, Meg
0	Yes, but depressing as hell.
0	And a currently in-vogue format
0	Trains are um, pretty fast.
1	A bunch of uncultured plebs were allowed to vote.
1	Wooh yeah cool to hate mainstream movies. Boo, how dare the director not stick to every single aspect of the comics! He ruined them for me now, everything is ruined. I can't even look at the comics without being reminded of that abysmal movie.
0	Because that would destroy the beauty of the film. They have to die or it has no meaning.
0	Is... is it still possible to cut Storm from the movie? Like, even if we had scenes where the characters were just talking to an empty space, as long as it doesn't respond back to them. I would totally be on board with this.
1	Peter Jackson to direct?
0	You're supposed to hold in your poop till it plugs up your butt and then you can go for days without pooping, right?
1	"What about wolverine being a stubby 5'3"" instead of lean and tall 6'2""?"
0	Whoops! Sorry, fixed.
0	He? Did Coppola walk into your house and tell you to turn it off?
1	Yeah but you can't expect people to watch *old* films?! All black and white and boring, blergh
1	Hello ... Waterworld
0	he was dead long before any tony story arch though. his charterer was written from the ground up to be long since dead.
0	I'm not a Will Ferrell fan.
1	A lion standing on a jutting rock roaring? A character dangling from the edge of a cliff? A father looking down at a child? THESE IDEAS ARE SO FUCKING ORIGINAL! HOW DOES ANYONE NOT SEE THE PLAGIARISM HERE?!
0	Wow did they make her skinnier via Photoshop. That's not what she looks like at all.
1	OP has some serious balls.
0	Wow. Somehow the picture changed my mind in a fraction of a second.
0	I've been wondering exactly this. I feel like with the direction they're going, he's a character that my require an introduction...but without giving him his own film I don't know how he'd fit in.
0	Seconded, Canadian here.
0	He don't need to cover up that cleft lip scar.
0	I'll add Whedon here because lots of the one liners feel very Joss, and the Avengers really cemented the universe as an all-time classic.
0	Squirrel Girl vs Thanos with Infinity Gauntlet in the Avengers 3. I'm calling it.
0	He was so memorable none of you remembered how to spell his name!
0	I HATED Super. Hated it. Fell on the wrong side of the dark humor/nasty meanness line that Kick-Ass fell on the right side. Not holding it against GotG (haven't seen Slither yet), but I didn't like Super.
0	Because Johnny is white how can I feel like i'm watching a fantastic four movie. It will stand out so much and just feel like actors making a movie. Not my favorite comic book characters coming to life.
0	You will reach a point where proportions get so out of whack that the destruction on screen is not interesting. Pacific Rim had some great fights in Hong Kong, for example, because the two combatants could walk down streets. A Godzilla this large would step on entire city blocks with each step.
0	"So I love the movie. Looks awesome. But seriously....who was the genius who saw this gargantuan monster and said: ""Hmm....let's drop some people on and around it and tell them they'll be fine. Yeah....That'll show that mean green bastard what America is about."""
1	Audiences can handle white families that adopt a black child. Audiences can't handle an interracial relationship between Reed and Susan.
0	While I usually like his performances, John C Riley kind of throws this trailer off a bit. He doesn't seem to fit in with the flow of things.
0	I wouldn't say best in my opinion. I love his others but it took a couple viewings for it to stick with me.
0	Randy Orton?
1	I can't wait for them to take all the themes of inter-generational strife and tampering with a higher power and completely change them to make the main themes of the movie about the environment or standing up to big businesses or something
1	Finding a cast. There aren't enough high profile Asian or Japanese actors so we're getting A-List caucasians.
0	Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow.
0	What's stopping them?
0	Explain to me how it's not.
0	Star trek is hardly known for great practical effects. Also the second one cost like a thousand times more.
1	I misread this as 250 m$ and thought it was
0	That is also due to the fact Kitty wasn't born in the movie universe in the 70s and Logan is the only one who looks the same age.
0	But they also made him pretty and falling apart, and they did a great job making Matthew Mcconaughey look like shit at certain points too.
0	(thumbs up upon entering molten steel)
0	Sorry about the link error!
1	According to wikipedia he died in 1969, so I'm more worried about that
0	Everything in that movie was very well done, from their racing uniforms to decals on the cars. Was a really, really good film.
0	Yes that is the collector. Same actor. Benicio Del Toro
0	Before you even can google showtimes for the movie you know the dudes identity. Google Winter Soldier and see what comes up.
0	We want Wonder Woman stabbing the Shazam kids in the neck edgy.
0	Flash, maybe? I'm not sure where you draw the line for slightly known.
1	No they just made a mistake and painfully applied makeup and edited her into the trailer without noticing they used the wrong colors.
0	He's also starring in the new Jurassic Park movie (Jurassic World)
0	and spiderman is the one that sells all the toys
0	Yep wanna buy now
0	It looks well done, but I don't want to see movies that will make me sad.
0	I really liked American Hustle and think it deserves all it's award nominations.
0	Probably, but people were making these connections before they announced the other movies
0	Cant really say its the best but Rush was one of my favorites
0	Okay, what goon tagged this as NSFW?
0	I love the theory that they are all in the same continuity-that Angel Eyes (played by Van Zandt) is the later-life form of his character from A Fistful.
0	Quentin Tarantino brings Pingu to the big screen.
0	Probably the second best western of the last decade. Definitely worth a watch.
0	Is he in everything now!?
0	Thanks, that's all I needed.
0	Yep, she's one of the villains, Nebula. Shaved her head and everything.
0	Imogen Poots might be the ugliest name I've ever heard.
0	For example? My experience is that Hollywood just has an easier time using stereotypes to sell a movie and does it for both genders. Yes, men are the dumb, incompetent irresponsible buffoons and women are the neurotic bi-polar bitches who can control emotions. In the end, no one actually gets represented fairly.
0	That's why I said that
0	Which by the way is an edited image. The original scene has Harry with a beard. They replaced his head in the photo with one from a clean shaved photo taken later.
0	May I ask what cult? I'm an ex-Jehovah's Witness myself. =)
0	The books were awful in the first place. It was like a 15 year old was writing LOTR/game of thrones/Ramond Feist/wheel of times fanfiction. Oh wait, that's exactly what it was
0	Not really, movies these days are lucky to see 6 weeks in theaters, movies back then ran for much longer. So total number of different movies still impacted.
0	I'm not overly familiar with the BAFTAs, so can somebody explain why Dallas Buyers Club (particularly McConaughey and Leto) were not nominated? Was it not released in Britain or something?
0	big movies... big movies can get lower ratings.
0	8 1/2 is essentially about Fellini making 8 1/2. If you haven't seen it already I would highly recommend watching it and then watching it with the Tullio Kezich (who was a good friend of Fellini's) commentary that comes with the Criterion version, its really fascinating if you're in to cinema.
0	So what about the people saying 'Frozen was a great movie' without any explanation? Are they just as guilty?
1	Disney used to give bonuses to their artists that worked on an incredibly profitable animated film, like Little Mermaid, Beauty and Lion King.  With Frozen being the third highest grossing animated movie of all-time, nearing $1B, surely they must have given out bonuses by now right?
0	Fun fact: My wife is watching it again for like the 15th time. Only 3 of those were with my 3 year old.
0	That answer certainly makes more sense than Inglourious Basterds. His least well known and least discussed movie, at least compared to all the others.
1	Yes. I am scared of a faceless person on the internet judging my taste in movies. Definitely scared.
0	I was so excited for this movie after seeing the trailer. The music sounded great, the visuals looked incredible, then I made the mistake of watching it. Awful, awful movie.
0	Who the fuck cares?  Celebrity culture is bad enough, now relatives of celebs get headlines for dying?  People die everyday.
0	"""This shit be wack""  a non-judgemental film about scienlology."
0	That's basically what viagra is
0	Oh, it's going to.  Rocket Raccoon is going to be the next big thing a la Deadpool.
0	Especially considering The Social Network is wholly a movie of the times
1	Peter Jackson completely ripped off Willow when he made Lord of the Rings.
0	This one made me legitimately upset. Rourke put his soul into the wrestler.
0	being hugged by slave Leia?  That lucky little bastard.
0	I loved the hell out of that movie when I was little. I really should have it in my library.
1	I liked the part where you gave your reasoning.
0	Memento, Pulp Fiction, The Big Lebowski, 12 Angry Men, American Psycho
0	"Maybe it's just me, but it seems each of these celebrity coming out announcements is creating a smaller and smaller splash. Makes me hope that perhaps in my lifetime someone in the public spotlight will be able to state their sexual preference and be met with a collective, ""So what? Nobody cares."""
0	NOW!
0	I'm loving the way this blogmaze crap website doesn't link to anywhere to BUY a copy of said second printing.
0	"And thus will start the day the expression ""Going Hawaiian"" is born. It means saying you will do something, and doing something else entirely not relevant to what you intended to do."
0	Wait, isn't the game set in the 40s? Why would the set be there 35 years later?
0	Then why is it not as popular for drugs?
0	He played Bronson in that movie Bronson. I'd call that a leading role.
0	He looked like that at 32? Poor bastard's had a tough go of it.
0	And the orderlies keep speaking to him as if he was still Tyler. Further, they praise his commitment to the movement. Project Mayhem still had its god-figure.
1	idk sounds pretty racist tbh
0	HSX prices continue to drop for this movie. Should they be further along than just test footage? I feel like to actually make an August release there should be more trailers.
0	Nabisco.
0	Not to mention Thor, the goofiest character in Marvel's lineup.
0	NBN alone would be a good reason, but selling off CSIRO, ABC and removing the few remaining media ownership laws are bloody good too.
0	I watched True Romance last night so this is so weird to see him in his nice suit with the accent. His acting range is amazing.
1	Yeah and that's the same excuse you get when you complain about the story.
0	Yeah seriously. Wings came out in 1927. Silent films that came out after 1927: The Circus, City Lights, Modern Times, Steamboat Bill Jr., and most recently The Artist.
0	Everyone's commenting on the picture, I'm dying from the last few seconds of the video.
0	the tongue was what got me
1	Bah, this is only like the 4th time Israel has protested her. You're not a real star tip you get to double digits.
0	This reminds me of a Whose Line sketch
0	"The whole ""coming from outer space"" and ""having rocket thrusters for feet"" kinda gives him away."
1	That's right... Transformers 4 mother fuckers!!!  #GoTeamMarkyMark
0	You just have to slowly add one thing at a time, and they'll put up with it.
0	STANLEY....?  Stanley Yelnats?!?
0	The folks at Cracked said it best.  If he'd just written a fucking cheque to the guys whose story he plagiarized he could have moved on, released the project, none of this would be taking place and nobody would give any less or more of a shit about Shea LaButter.
0	Also, Leos Carax's (I think that's his name) other films. I've only also seen Lovers on the Bridge but I'd say it's probably equally great.
0	I think that's more fantasy, but its still a guilty pleasure for me.
0	I think we can all agree that this was certainly a polarizing movie.
0	Poor Gilliam is cursed
0	Probably. Presumably. Apparently.
0	It's been a long time since I read her autobiography, but yes, if I recall correctly her parents spent most of the money she earned as a child star.
1	At least she'll get to buy them again, in a year when the anniversary edition box set comes out.
0	Cause he's fat amirite.
0	This was it for me. I knew I didn't like the dialogue but I couldn't say why. Thanks for putting it into words.
0	Bionicle was more than just a toy line to me. I was so into the story, and now, I'l never find out who was a Great Being all along.
1	If you didnt at least like Chris Pratts character then you can get the fuck out.
0	Ghost in the Shell
0	Gandee?
0	"The Dalai Lama could bring about world peace and all religions could cease to exist with everyone realizing a common goal and there will be some people saying: ""Didn't happen sooner. 0/10 I am disappoint."""
0	"Frank, it sounds like you're saying ""boy's hole."""
0	That's not the question though is it.
1	Nymphomaniac
1	Really? They should've had one years ago. X2 was great. They could never screw up a sequel to that.
0	Yeah when New York was getting destroyed in Avengers I kept thinking where the bell is spidey? It's his city!
0	He'd have the jacket on most of the time I'd assume, so it wouldn't matter too much. Taylor Kitsch is bigger than Tatum and he looked perfect imo(I'd rather Kitsch do it again if he can get the accent). He's already got the hair since he's been rockin it since Friday Night Lights.
1	Actually the map is wrong. It should be near Atlanta,GA.
0	Absolutely. Putting Deadpool in the current MCU would either ruin Deadpool or ruin the MCU.
0	I agree, the symbolism felt a bit contrived and tear-jerking.
0	That's why I said people who read comics and watch cartoons. Besides, it's better to have an infamous hero than a hero no one has ever heard of.
0	First thing that popped in my head, too.
0	While it would maybe be a problem, you could probably just rotoscope that out.  Not sure if rotoscope is the right term to use.
0	"Last monday I was like, ""YAY new True Detective!"" but no, the gdamn superbowl had first dips."
0	Baldness is Lex Luthors most defining trait. It might not happen, but it will happen
0	But getting out of a lamp... That's tricky.
1	There's one in China. Same thing.
1	What about the Hunchback of Notre Dame? Wouldn't that be in Northern Indiana?
0	Well, the lighting on Tom is perfect for the entire shot.
0	I honestly think Eisenberg could come off as quite menacing, given the right look. Being bald will definitely work in his favor.
0	Do you guys even cinema?
0	This would be somewhat problematic as half of the series takes place in a world where almost everyone is legally required to be nude.
1	"Yeah right , the internet is full of ""experts"" and this website is no exception so what do I care what you and other morons think? 15 people laughed at me?  Gosh what shall I do now? how can I ciope with that knowing they laughed at me? maybe I should go shoot up heroin to make myself cope."
0	Yep just watched it as well, turns out the movie was really trying to be as accurate as possible
1	More James Franco, please!
0	Oh, My God.
1	You're right, now that I think about it, drug laws keep all drugs out of society, and nobody has had access to them for decades! My bad!
1	Spoilers.
0	Khama
0	You should just stop talking.
1	Yeah this is far less invasive
0	CHAMPION OF THE GUN! HES A MASTER OF FERRARIS AND KINSHIP FOR EVERY NUN!
1	Need a spoiler tag, my daugher came crying in to my room and saw this spoiled little thing.
0	"""Hold it hold it, What the hell is that shit?"""
0	"Plus it had the best ""Tom Cruise Running"" scene ever when he sprints through that walkway."
0	It makes me sad that this cast won't be together for another movie because I'd hate to see that training go to waste. Oh shoot, marvel is doing a luke cage miniseries with netflix right? abbie cornish would be perfect as coleen wing.
0	Who's on first.
0	I, for one, would like to know more.
0	While true, they can't call him a mutant in the movie. That's how their getting away with it without violating the licensing agreement with Fox.
0	Napoleonic Era Naval drama/action with a healthy dose of bromance between Paul Betany and Russell Crowe.  It's fantastic
1	Yeah, because the original Expendibles had so much oozing sex appeal to pander to the ladies.
0	I... I like Zach Efron's movies.
0	My mistake, corrected
0	Can I see a source on that? He started writing in in the early 50s well before beatniks got going and actually took a break from it to write Starship Troopers.
0	"Wow, I started scanning through it to see what it was like, then I realised ""I've actually seen this before"" - forgettable then I guess!"
0	I'll agree that Total Recall sucked. It was just bad. I love it cause nostalgia, but it is bad. Starship Troopers was good if you remove it from it's source. Just good fun action, w a bit of satire thrown in. RoboCop, now I'm sorry, I think that is a great movie. Perfect for it's time, and contained meaning in spite of it's 80's camp container.
0	I don't think so, personally. I love the old hand painted posters.
0	wow i can't unsee that
0	I know. I meant that he was dishonest to the fans.
0	That bit with Chris O'Dowd was better than the movie, methinks.
0	I know this is risky but I think Goodfellas was better directed but Dances with Wolves was the better movie.
1	I like how they just removed the Recently Added category. It definitely makes things easier to find.
0	Holy shit that gif is sad.
0	I tell ya h'what, once this gosh darned Netflix took down King of the Hill, I sat down and wrote a strongly worded letter to them. No response. What kind of customer service is that? I would have been better off trying to sell propane and propane accessories to a charcoal man!
0	No, that series is by all appearances dead. Lucas claimed they had 100 episodes scripted like 5 years ago and no word since. during which time he sold everything
0	I was sold and felt the last type change to the color Orange was just perfect!
0	At the start, you think the dummy is scary... but it's not the *real* monster! :-O
0	I still wonder who gave the ok on the Testicle chin design.
0	Well Hoffman is doing a damn good job currently.
0	So then you don't disagree with the person you were responding to?
0	By immortal do you just mean that he can't die of old age?
0	Yeah, but how is he gonna look in that Lex Warsuit?
0	My girlfriend read this last year and loved it.
0	^^diffused ^^(sorry)
1	Yup. Terry Gilliam makes terrible movies and you know this movie is terrible because you've already seen it.
0	When he jumps through the window? Yes.
1	Wow I noticed such a difference to the current lighting
0	They're not made to be viewed from far away.
0	It's hard to hear in this video, but there's a faint sound of the original transformation noise before he converts. It really is a magical moment.
0	Most Mormons that break out in hollywood ditch the religion.  Examples... Aaron Eckhart, Amy Adams, Eliza Dushku, Ryan Gosling, Jewel, Katherine Heigl and Paul Walker.
0	Jungian Psychology, and a condensed time flashback of the protagonist's life.
0	They had one of the greatest casts of all time at their disposal and they made...... this? What the fuck?
0	Tell me more about what this person you've never met wants...
0	I would recommended not watching the sequels.  Just let the first one be your entire experience with the matrix, it's better this way.
1	dude, it's the last picture of him **EVER**. Upvote for respect if anything
0	Especially since that kind of mobility will allow them to continue the franchise after the current crop of actors leaves.
0	Because he is a decent actor.
0	I usually get shawarma with beef or lamb, pretty similar to a gyro but not quite the same
0	Explosions... explosions, explosions and more explosions. I'm never seeing this mov- wait, was that Optimus riding a T-rex? SOLD!!!
0	It smashed that thing on impact, which is what I was getting at.
0	I don't think it was supposed to be sarcastic, but you can see how Max might think so in his state of mind.
0	Taken 2 was absolute garbage. I walked out of the theatre.
0	Is your asshole bleached
0	Who?
0	"""Mulholland Dr was great! This should be awesome!"" - My naive brain"
0	What are the top 2?
0	Not the meat itself, but the Halifax-style donair has a signature sweet sauce instead of the garlic sauce usually used on middle-eastern style shawarma or shish taouk
0	Yeah that's true cause me and my friends all started doing heroin after we watched trainspotting.
0	"Says the guy who spells ""plow"" with an ""ugh""."
0	You ever seen a grown man naked?
0	I never understood the hate for Maggie. She's a 10 in my book.
0	"Inb4 Jaden gets killed off with his dying words being, ""How Can Wounds Be Real If Bullets Aren't Real? *dead*""."
0	Cliche how though? Seems like a cool image for a poster to me.
0	I see you never got yours removed.
0	I missed it cause a) it's not being released in IMAX in France as far as I can tell and b) my nearest cinema is miles away and I didn't want to watch it dubbed. I hate dubbed films
0	I think it's a beautiful scene and totally appropriate. Just because the symbolism is overt, doesn't mean it's bad.
0	Watch it for the plot.
0	I saw more of an Elvis Presely
0	this exact sequence is said every time his name is mentioned. I feel like i am in an echo chamber.
0	I am honestly more upset with Irons as Alfred than I am Eisenberg as Luthor.
0	meh
0	How to train your dragon. Finally got around to watching it and I'm glad I did. Really well done. Looking forward to the 2nd installment.
0	It was still fantastic though, and that's why I love Toy Story.
0	I think an actual Dark Night Returns live action movie with Keaton and Nicholson would be cool. They might have to de-80's-ify it a bit though.
0	You're going to get annoyed with it early on. It starts with about 4 songs in the first 20 min.
0	I now need to watch this. Is it on Netflix?
0	My cool substitute teacher is Alex Winter's roommate.
0	The Usual Suspects.
0	Which leads to the awful choice of whether the pain of losing that love is worse than the pain it causes. Which makes me think that behind the camera may be a very good compromise and a good sign of self awareness and reflection.
0	Aye. I be.
1	We'd love to use all that money were paid to ensure studio interests to buy you that car, but sadly it's all tied up in bitcoins right now.
0	I saw it in a similar situation at the midnight showing and the crowd was awesome. All kinds of gasps, LOL moments, everything. I saw it again in theaters two days later with a full house but it failed to recreate the experience of the first time.
0	Depends on the horror - if it's a really good film, perhaps alone, but if you're watching something for a laugh and a bit of fun, and the film probably isn't that staggering (like the Paranormal Activity movies), then it's infinitely better with people. Half the enjoyment is laughing at your friends jumping at the scary bits.
0	Scott Kalvert - The Basketball Diaries. Unfortunately he committed suicide recently.
0	Well isn't this a special moment. I'll look back on this moment and think about how I can't believe there was a time when xxxx was a complete unknown actor.
0	I will say the story arc is dark (entire groups of people being killed off), but some how it still felt clean.
0	I have a feeling this won't end well.
0	Hercules has a budget of $110 million. It's not a b-movie.
0	I know the reboot was quite terrible but that darth maul fight sequence was amazing. I hope these movies have some epic eye candy, and a good story of course.
0	tldr; millennial blogger girl thinks Hermine is totes awesome to absolutely no one's surprise
0	Lucas didn't direct Empire.
0	"*The Sting* is probably on my top ten favorite movies. Certainly among top five ""Most Fun to Watch""."
0	Why not? It's not like the dude has a huge backlog of other projects.
1	Like not committing genocide against indigenous peoples? I know, spare me.
0	We will call it, This Land.
1	What?? A Latino review scoop is bullshit? I never would've guessed
0	The end of LOTR: return of the king. Shit ended like five times over forty minutes or so.
0	That's an episode of Law and Order I can get behind.
0	It's just a reference to set shots and get the lighting right for each shots. Then the mo-cap guy comes in and does the scene.
0	I agree with that.
0	"They are basically the same word. I and Me do the same thing. Why does one ""sound"" different? I don't know. But the grammar of English switches them up now and again for no apparent reason. Only because of sound, not meaning intent."
0	I've long since accepted this.
1	But hia name is attached to it so I know who to blame when I dont like it
0	"Same. I never intended to see it in that format. It just....was. Honestly it was rather odd and I would have preferred a smaller screen since that movie is really ""active"" and I wanted to see everything."
0	"""If you're the nice guy character that everyone likes and loves in a Whedon production, YOU'RE GOING TO DIE!!!"""
0	The chick from True Blood would be the best.  Also her tits are not too huge.  Hendricks is too old and too thick.
0	When I went to see the Lego Movie at my local cinema the show time I picked ended up being in the Imax theater. There was no indication of this and there was no extra surcharge either.
1	This looks so dated it needs more CGI!
0	This could have *easily* been any kind of generic setup for almost any kind of gritty superhero movie until the last 15 seconds.
0	I actually wanted to check it out but never got around to it! Definitely next on my list.
0	COMBAT COLD CUTS
0	You know...if you're going to go that fucking heavy on CGI...make the whole movie that way.
0	I'm always so nice to that fucking whore and she *still* friendzoned me.
0	Public shooters cause terror.
0	Which one did you read?
0	What about if they have an unexpected CGI dance scene in da club while Will.I.Am asks everybody if they're getting low and some vapid Chris Brown hit from 2006 tries to make a comeback?  Because that's when I would burn it down.
0	Was her dad also the Shredder?
0	Bring back the awkward costumes
0	I remember this movie being terrible.
0	If Hollywood had the balls they could try and do a sci-fi franchise that can be a cinematic universe of many different things going on.
0	It's already a pretty mature movie.
0	No, the turtles were a comic before they the cartoon. Also, fun fact, they all wore the same color eye mask thingy
0	There's going to be ANOTHER one? kill me now
0	"Oh I gotcha. Yeah that's a market decision all the way. ""Geek"" is more popular than geek by a long shot. I think that choice was inevitable. At least they had him getting picked on a little in the first movie (as I recall)."
1	Woah, that took me by storm.
0	Dane Dehaan is playing Harry Osborne, his son.
0	"This is my favorite samurai film, my favorite Kurosawa film, and in one of my top 5 favorite foreign films.  It's just got beautiful cinematography, for starters.  The story is familiar, so people who have never seen a samurai movie can enjoy it.  It is how I introduced my girlfriend to Kurosawa movies.  And the [](#s ""death scene"") is so over the top it is almost hilarious, but still really brutal."
0	Thank you, but it's okay. It was so long ago.   I do agree that we were SO lucky to have had the entertainment we did growing up. I'm sure every generation says that, but I do believe we got something very special.
0	Yeah, and most people hated it. I thought it looked fine, but it seems like everyone here thought if was awful.
0	You replied to the wrong person.
0	I want to see the frame!
0	Women can make some pretty crazy transformations too, you think Gal Gadot can't put on some muscle and look like an awesome Wonder Woman? I wonder what people thought of Christian Bale before The Dark Knight?
0	I think video games are an art form, but very few games I would say have been works of art. The only games I would say that are works of art are Two Brothers and Braid as of yet. Most games are the equivalent of blockbuster.
1	Thanks *4Kids*!
0	80's and early 90's action movies man.
0	But just the ads are awful, not necessarily the thing being advertised.
0	"Correct.  I was highly doubtful that she went through any training at all, let alone ""6 months"" worth."
0	Also the villain is named Gary after Gary Larson
1	yeah, cause fuck people who use mobile apps, amirite?
0	Why?
0	Like shooting fish in a barrel
0	I like writing apocalyptic horror stories.
0	He's a pretty good actor, but despite the sheer quantity of movies he's been in, I can really only think of a handful of roles he's played.
0	He's batman without the suit and money
0	Finally got to see a sentinel and was not disappoint, except I wish they were bigger.
0	he looks like a nazi zombie there lol
0	Well if she's not in can her Copyright slip and have her and Ms. Marvel in the Avengers?
0	I loved being in  the 'world' of the movie so much I am hoping to see it again in a theater at some point too.
0	Wow, I've done my best to avoid anything to do with that movie based on it's reputation alone and that clip certainly reinforces that decision.
0	Some googling implies he will indeed return as adult Beast
0	I do, and if you are going that route, The Rock is an action star, there should be no movie that he is too big to be in, especially a big budget  summer action movie.
0	There will be riots in the streets if they ever re-made There's Something About Mary.
0	unless its girl armor.. of course
0	Young Master is by far my favorite film of his.  So sick.
0	Gotta believe.
0	His greatest work is whatever you decided is his greatest work.
0	You reek of pretentiousness.
0	That escalated quickly.
0	Rule of thumb is that marketing budget is equal to the production budget.
0	Only if they know the magic-word.
0	That makes sense since The Last Airbender never happened
0	I don't have links to either of the scenes, but if you actually see them side-by-side it makes a lot more sense.
0	What a tweest!
0	He obviously knows how to craft a good movie. I think he just needs to stick with smaller scale stuff.
0	rawk and roll McDonalge
0	Let's wait 40 years and see what happens.
1	Almost as if it were based off of... A cartoon.
0	This movie is really good.
0	Obviously a joke.
0	They don't call it a quarter pounder with cheese?
0	"I liked the last movie because of how intense it was. I don't know how it will sustain the tension with ""bigger, badder, louder"" that seems to be in this trailer"
0	Kutcher nailed it too, down to the walk, perfectly.
1	What a movie. It's right up at the top of my list along with S Darko.
0	I like that Kunis is the surprising one, not William Shatner.
0	If it's a Sorkin/Fincher project, I doubt that it will portray Jobs in an altogether good light.
1	Wrong.  Directors should always defer to studio executives for important decisions.  How can anyone think a director would know better how to make a movie than a studio executive?
0	Yeah. The Dark Knight was a good movie.
0	"Is that supposed to be a threat?  ""Give me what I want or I *won't* make a Steve Jobs picture!""  Something very wrong here."
1	Yeah giant robots fighting giant monsters is just boring.  That part where that giant robot uses a giant ship as a giant club was the worst
0	Looking back at it, it really shouldn't be considered a kid's movie. Most of the issues are way too complex for children to grasp. Even the name is NIMH, the National Institute of Mental Health. It's supposed to raise awareness of some of the things that have been done in the name of Mental Health research.
0	Matrix Reloaded highway scene
0	All is Lost maybe?
0	Call me when she shows her tits.
0	What're the flares supposed to be for? In case someone missed the giant monster crushing shit?
0	Wait,Toki, why'd you stop playing?
0	"""Paaaaaaaaaaper, have you ever seen paaaaaaaper before?"""
0	This is not really all that amazing.
0	haha yeah ,he's a genuinely good dude.
0	Who promptly dies
0	and a Nazi
1	"I mean I didn't have to expect a PJ cameo to catch that early scene. It was a brief bout of excitement followed by a ""well they did a great job with that"""
0	How do you know there's nothing beneath before you've seen him act?
0	That doesn't make Cap any better. At least they know how shit works. Cap needs some time. Sure, they might make him leader in the next movie, but I'll be disappointed if they do. He needs more time.
0	Sequel duty seems to be what Disney has put them on.  Cars 2, Monsters 2, Nemo 2 and now Incredibles 2 (which is really the only sequel I have ever wanted them to do).  They need to get back to original films and stop the sequel nonsense.
0	This looks fucking awesome.
0	But we cant know for sure that the ending was reality or a dream
0	Sorry but Frozen cannot even hold a candle to Emperor's New Groove or Mulan. It was a pretty movie but the plot was sooooooo bland and lacking in substance.
0	Have you seen Frozen?
0	"I guess I'll have to watch it again. I was getting laid the one time I ""watched"" it."
1	No good books came out since the 1940s!
0	Best part is, at many colleges it exists as an elective.
0	watch the avengers. I'm sure it comes up in comics too.
0	I think he was in JP2
0	That's the worst part about it for me. Look at his face in the faded image, he looks a bit embarrassed or something like even he knows it's terrible.
1	Yay... More c list super hero films.
0	What's next for pixar? A movie about boats? Maybe one of the boats loses a rudder or something and has to make nice with the bad boats to find his lost rudder because one of the bad boats is a submarine or something I dont know. But hey great news about the incredibles sequel, I hope that'll be as good as the first.
0	"The general hypothesis is that Agents of Shield is setting up a version of the Inhumans.  Agents of Shield Spoilers:[](#s ""They recently discovered a Kree that was being harvested for chemicals, which was used to revive Coulson."")"
0	That's not the cinematography, that's the vfx. The city stuff was filmed in Vancouver, and this looks like San Fran. I guarantee you half those shots are completely cg and we're not made with a real camera.
0	He won't. Only Godzilla is licensed to them the monsters - called MUTOs - are original creatures created for the film.
1	Well I'm glad we got that out of the way. Now I'm not so worried about it being terrible.
0	Because it's original and has different ideas?
0	"Opposite for me. Enjoyed it in theatres for the fun aspect. Caught it on TV recently and thought, ""I enjoyed this...?"""
0	I found that quote you were thinking of and added it to this thread.
0	DON'T EAT THE CRAB CAKES! YEA! YEA!
0	Nah just their immortality afaik.
1	Ooooh, dark-skinned people. That makes everything okay.
0	Better than the Mario movie.
1	Yes, how the green goblin looks will ruin this movie!
0	Plot isn't everything. Some movies are more about characters, or a particular emotional effect, or an idea, or relationships. Lost in Translation is a good example.
0	Um, T2 was much better because the budget was **16** times that of T1.  Avatar 2 would have to have a budget equal to the GDP of Italy to make the same strides.
0	They probably figured that green is not a creative color.
0	Yup.  I cant see a reason why Brian would be over there. Just a nod to his character.
0	Yeah the weights were all wrong.
0	Midwest, gradeschool was K-4 for me.
0	I know, and coincidentally it was the best one. He isnt a bad director, he can be good when he wants to be but he got old, and fat, and lazy and decided to be a bad director because he had WAY too many yes-men around and no one to to tell him his ideas were shit.
0	Pretty much sums up Nolan's filmography. Go back to his movies and think about how many characters ditch the truth for a comforting or interesting narrative.
0	Agreed.
1	Totally.  I mean, it makes total sense that a middle eastern guy born in the middle east would look completely Caucasian.
0	Man, I'll have to check out both. I'll add them to my list.
0	John C. Reilly should be casted as Socrates.
0	The Lookout - a great heist film with a very unconventional main character.
0	He also assumes you recognize the biographical bits of Burrough's life.
0	I eagerly await a HTTYD game
0	I know there are a ton of people who aren't that into Disney art, but I think I still enjoy their style of cartoons better than most. Whoever did the Looney Tunes series was pretty great too.
0	No problem. I'd be psyched to see a Mr. Sinister movie.
0	Yes, I understood that. I was agreeing with him.
0	Really? I mean, no offense, or any disrespect intended, but you're not goofing?
0	I first saw it when I was about 13 and thought it was the funniest thing I'd ever seen. I've matured a lot since then. God that film was awful.
0	Swiss Family Robinson, but I just know that it would get screwed up super bad.  It has potential to be excellent, but they'd just fill it with too many fake looking explosions, traps far too advanced for them to have built, cartoonish pirates, and mediocre CGI animals.
0	hope it's not as bad as the cyclops cut
0	So George Clooney?
0	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
1	Is that the scene where he turns young again in the alley after beheading that guy on the wanna-be hoverboard?  Then apparently the girl is so turned on by his anti-aging powers, she bones him right there.  How is this movie considered bad?
0	After his performance in Lethal Weapon 6, I definitely think he could land this role.
1	What are you, racist? Why would their skin color matter if their height/weight/hair color didn't matter in previous films?
0	I don't think it counts as being stolen if there are 2 or 3 other legitimate contenders who deserved the award as well.  Ejiafor, McConaughey, Leo, all had a legit case for the award this year.
0	If you think Phil is sober in this video, you have never dabbled in mind-altering substances. Also, according to sources that have been popping up in recent articles related to the death of PSH, Phil had not been nearly as sober in recent years as he had led the general public to believe. His own heroin supplier described him as one of his heavier users for many years.
0	I've always known that to be the greatest comic book movie ever made.
0	"I agree, the ending really shows the film's higher budget. But because we waited so long for it and it wasn't (IMO) nearly as good as Escape from NY, I think a lot of people were very disappointed. I'm still hoping Carpenter will make ""Escape from Earth"""
0	Seriously. They almost got married at the end of the original story and this guy is saying it was shoehorned in.
0	That movie is such a gem. I think WAY more people need to see it. I didn't see it in the theater because it wasn't advertised correctly. And if it hadn't starred Owen Wilson, I may not have even rented it. Thankfully I did.
0	Some say this attributed to Howard Hughes hermit days.
0	"Oh dear, you really should have left the conversation before digging this hole. ""Yet"" merely ascribes to a point in time in the future. Marvel's descent is an inevitability, one which hasn't occurred thus far. That's all that word means. Getting all antsy over it just makes you look like a deranged fanboy who can't grasp reality."
0	I was complimenting his confidence, he said when not if he was gonna make it. I found that touching.
0	Chance that one of them moves their release date: 100%.
0	Or like he accidentally stapled a different script between the end of the second act and the final scene.
0	I don't know about battling or trading, but I have boxes full of shit like this. I should probably throw it all out, it's worthless.
0	I think that's just you dude
0	Not quite sure what you mean. Saying it's 1.85:1 is a lens specification. But this is no different than any other movie. There are no settings to tweak.
1	X-Files?
1	Yes because Hitchcock remakes always do so well, and you know Michael Bay won't overdo it at all.
0	balls.
0	Well isn't the second act supposed to be dark and hopeless?
0	The Weather Man was definitely an under appreciated movie.
0	Reminded me of a tame Clone High at some points. Miller and Lord's presence was apparent.
0	"Non-stop cliches, constant one liners and speeches taken directly from ""Independence Day"". Oh and Charlie Fucking Day posing as the scientist who saves the world."
0	Nooooope.
0	I don't know how underrated it is, I remember seeing it multiple times in the theater and it being very popular with fans of comedy.
0	It's one of my favorite things about Marvel films. It's like the end of a comic book where there's the extra pages that hint towards the next issue.
0	I'd like to see The Maxx re-done in CGI.
0	I think you did the math wrong, the 6 films would be the Avengers trilogy and the Captain America trilogy, that's it.
0	Ah, okay. Thank you for explaining.
1	How do we know it's Fassbender?
0	"I read that as ""John Carter"" I was so confused."
1	ITT: Privileged males with informed and rational opions on gender discrimination and sexism
0	I don't know why I put 3 in there the first time, muscle memory I suppose.
0	"- ""Filth"""
0	He would have fantastic camerawork. This 10/10 would walk in and start doing the usual porn stuff cut to different camera angles that show off this womans body like you wouldn't believe. Lead you on for a good 25 minutes, and just before the climax of botht the story and you, she flips around. BAM. Dick. She was a tranny the entire time. Cut to her pulling off a face mask. BAM It was a guy. Cut back to the man, he stares into the camera and pulls off HIS mask. BAM Tree. ~Fin.
0	It's being compared to The Fountain? Not a good sign as far as I'm concerned (if you liked it, good, enjoy it. That movie went *way* over my head, though).
0	Decent montage. I got a little teary being reminded of quite a few of these films.
0	I would argue that since Joe Schuster is Jewish it is more Moses then Jesus.
0	I would rather they not connect the universes. It would really constrict some characters from appearing in Arrow or Flash. Like they've teased R'as Al Ghul in the past, but they wouldn't be able to show him on TV if the universes are connected because he is such a big Batman villain.
0	allow me to break the ice
0	"""What about the sheep? /Fuck the sheep! / No time for that bro!"""
0	Good blow jobs.
1	Spoiler Alert! I haven't read that part yet.
0	He had a ton of cool anecdotes about working on it, as well as The Incredibles and Wild at Heart.
0	Did you see Winter's Bone? If she deserved any of the accolades, it was for that. I feel like they just gave it to her for Silver Linings.
0	Yeah that was incredibly stupid.  I can suspend disbelief for a lot of things in movies, but come on...
0	He reminds me too much of Dick Cheney.
0	Evil twin or good, unknown twin with a mysterious half medallion?
0	Burn after reading.
0	Yeah pretty much
0	"""Kid, [*chewing cigar*] to get ahead in this business ya gotta learn the tropes."""
0	On a scale of 1 to Spartacus how bad is it?
0	I'm surprised no one has mentioned the fairly obvious nip slip in OHMSS when Bond visits the girl who drew lipstick on his leg
0	Mmmmm, ribby!
0	If the artwork is for sale it's a gallery.
0	So you're saying that the comic isn't using video game structure in its narrative?
0	"Hating myspace because it's cool. The real ""what year is it"". Maybe try reading the article to find that the writer is female."
1	She's trying not to be a name dropper.
0	J.B. Smoove
0	Episode 2 was 2002.
0	I disagree. Sean Connery is as close as it gets.
0	Agreed.
0	I know, the latter part was for those people reading this comment chain, not so much for you.
0	Forgive me if I assumed you can read.
1	I totally missed that! OP, include this in your list too!
0	Not even close, have you ever actually seen a picture of the Cloverfield monster?
0	Yup, as the worst Nixon portrayal ever.
0	Well since you are being strong than me at avoiding spoilers, I will tell you that this looks incredible. You will be blown away when you see it in the theater.
0	Sam Raimi is not directing this. He is only producing. Personally I don't think he should direct The Last of Us but would be willing to give him a shot only if he cooperates with the Naughty Dog team. I think Neil Druckmann would make an excellent director for the film adaptation but from what I learned watching the documentary of the making of The Last of Us is his ability to change the script while shooting the game would not go well with the Hollywood suits who normally make the changes on scripts. So I don't think they would pick Neil. I hope they find a good director who actually knows the content and can make a good video game adaptation.
0	Sadly, you can't really make the book into a movie. It just wouldn't work as a film. A TV miniseries or something like that, though? Absolutely. Especially if done by HBO.
0	He's quite handsy
0	$/10 would still bang
0	Didn't he sell a lot of his stuff to prepare for his role in the pianist? I bet he would've liked that stuff back right now
0	The Sunset Limited is perhaps his best performance IMO.
0	After eating the luxurious Taco Bell, there is **no way** you only need 3 sea shells.
0	"It would be great if Jimi has an undiscovered song at Monterrey and ends up playing ""Ms. Jackson""."
0	Yep.
0	Sorry since the post was about him being nominated for an Oscar I wasn't even thinking about the other awards given.
1	Okay
0	Something Something brojob.
0	25 and 26.. hahaha
0	It would be Apple or Google or Microsoft paying for the product placement, if anything.
0	Incidentally, does anyone think the line 'I am one with the wind and sky' should have totally been 'wind and snow'? It's been bothering me that they had this clear rhyme scheme and they messed it up.
1	We should petition the Academy to revoke 12 Year's award because it is clearly a fraudulent victory because of those two votes. There are better movies that deserve that award but didn't get it because people just wrote down whatever big name movie there was with big name celebrity. Movies with an actual story and purpose deserve these awards instead of the same old rehashed special effects and adaptations/reboots that come from big corporate studios.
1	You mean even after we asked so nicely? For shame!
0	Yeah! How dare that company not give away 3 million dollars without expecting a return on investment!
1	That's an eagle eye you got there.
0	Bryan Singer cast Patrick Stewart independent of you and other fans.
1	im dyslexic, let me go kill this girl because i can be excused
0	He didn't win.
0	"For some reason, right up until I saw this trailer, I was thinking of Josh Duhamel from the previous movies was the main character in this one. As if there were going to follow on with his character, not a new one. Seeing the trailer I went ""wait.. what?"" and then realised my mistake."
0	She looks like Hillary Clinton.
0	Looks like Optimus 'tames' Grimlock. The earlier teaser had a shot him riding the brute. I'm curious to see how Grimlock looks in robot mode.
1	IDK man ... you sound a lot like a hater
0	Because of the delivery.
0	Ya'll mean mister.
0	Funny you ask, I am indeed related to him in a very flimsy way. I watch him go bananas on psychos in The Following, so you could say my Bacon number is 0.1!
0	Watch the devil's rejects. Not amazing but pretty fucking intense
0	Their police force is just underfunded so they have to drive around in those outdated rides.
0	And Bradley Cooper still had to show her how it was done.
0	Yeah, I was surprised to see how well he did doing that one speech at the Oscars; standing up in front of thousands. He didn't seem grumpy, nervous or nonchalant. Then again, I guess he probably considers situations like that as an acting bit (reading cue cards), so it's probably a lot easier.
0	I think I actually laughed hardest when he was getting back in the car. I guess it was just the cherry on top.
0	It is interesting that her career has sort of stagnated after the 'split'.
0	It *is* a useless gimmick but for other reasons than people thought. It's kinda like how people in the 80s imagined the internet of the future as being made out of a bunch of flat shaded 3D shapes you navigate via VR goggles.
0	I thought the socialists were the giant parasites in the movie.
0	I dunno, I had three glasses of bourbon last night and was laughing at a lot of her jokes
0	"The balls on Lupita's brother. How awesome is it for your sister to get in a big film and get nominated (and win) so you get to be there in the first place. The most tweeted picture ever happens full of A list actors and he's like ""Fuck this, I'm gonna be in that shit!"" Definition of YOLO if I do say so myself."
0	Sorry, just because you're a weaboo doesn't mean regular people are. Frozen's animation was perfected from the last time it was used in tangled. Your opinion about the story is your own, but it was one of the best ever featured in a Disney movie.
0	Nice.
0	It is important to note that suddenly, and against all probability, a Benedict Cumberbatch had been called into existence, several feet above U2.
0	I know. One of them was on the episode. But IIRC the most recent one was in 2012.The rest got it before Morgan was known.
0	Is Esquire like the Onion?
0	really? I thought he was pretty perfect in the role... what didn't you like about him?
0	I ended up watching Gravity a second time and didn't like it as much.  It's obviously still a great movie, but the suspense isn't there when you know what's going to happen
0	I like the red, white, and blue suit from his first movie. I think it does him justice. But the avengers one looks more like comic version of him.
0	Yes
0	Frank Underwood in the background.
0	I have adblock so no problem with that for me.
1	Ah, so we need to revise every story to give both genders equal significance, because it's sexist if we don't?
0	I don't at all see how it is essential, unless you're talking from a studio's business standpoint... which I hold little regard for at times.
0	It doesn't make an abundance of sense, but damn if the Wachowskis didn't make it fun to watch.
0	Where were you when the neighborhood kids would fight over which Ninja Turtles were going to be? We spent an exorbitant amount of time over the Michelangelo issue.
0	Neither, it was me, they're both dead.
0	Interesting that this clip can't be viewed in Korea.
0	You are missing something.  It was a great movie.
0	Reboot. Marvel would discard everything that came before like dirty dishwater.
0	Of course not that's not what I was suggesting, but in terms of the depiction of him in popular media versus what he most likely looked like historically, he's closer to black than white.
0	"""The Wild Bunch"" (the whole prologue until the words ""If they move, shoot"") and ""Pat Garrett &amp; Billy The Kid"" (the ""present"" to past transition) had great openings too."
0	I was dissapointed Soldier was left out ha
0	This list is restricted to Japanese film incarnations only.
0	I believe he has pretty much said it himself. That it is to cope with her death.
0	"One thing I've learned working in Hollywood: ""Never"" doesn't mean never. It means the offer didn't have enough zero's at the end."
0	Not the kind of thing you should let someone fuck up.
0	As I a kid I used to watch Who Framed Rodger Rabbit all the time. Really sad to see him go. Rodger Rabbit is definitely up there in my top all time favorite movie.
1	"Mace ""This Party's Ovah"" Windu"
0	As opposed to the new one?
0	And I'm sure the accountants will still say it's a flop
0	Yes. That was the reference.
0	For life
1	Well, didn't you hear? If you're not feminist, you're anti-feminist. You can't create strong female characters unless you're a feminist too.
0	This was in Alabama.
0	Imagine how it feels to know you're going to be in a Star Wars movie.
1	Because he's an asshole?
0	I'm not even saying that Leo doesn't deserve it. He's a very talented guy and will probably win someday, but it's getting ridiculous.
0	Andy Serkis is going to be Jar Jar 2.0 and you all know it.
0	Then don't watch any more of them :)
0	Ken Scott for Starbuck/Delivery Man is missing.
1	Yeah, Fuck Natalie Portman for ruining the prequels with her fancy, famous name.
0	I loved Prince Caspian, but Voyage of the Dawn Treader was my least favorite book. The story was pretty boring and had the most forced Christian themes compared to the others. I had no desire to watch the movie.
0	Hah, the one not-Star Wars post is a cat post.
0	We call this type of analysis New Criticism -- using the New Critical model, we disregard what the author did or didn't intend with the work and judge it in its own context, based on its own content.
1	Because Dredd *totally* deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as Citizen Kane, It's a Wonderful Life, Night of the Hunter, Blade Runner and Brazil
0	Oh yeah I forgot she was in two shorts before Joan of Arc. So nevermind, I haven't seen her whole filmography.
1	Yeah, God Ebert! Wtf! Don't you know that you aren't allowed to change your opinion? Once you decide your opinion on something YOU CANNOT CHANGE IT. EVER. All opinions are written in stone. Fuck you for willingly acknowledging that you were wrong in the past.
0	Two different monsters surface, attack different cities, and never interact. It'll be a complete subversion of genre tropes!
0	Hmmm, good theory.
0	Idiocracy starts out so strong, but once the initial idea is set (okay yes idiots usually have more kids than the educated) it gets stale sooo depressingly quickly.
0	Seems like you got up and left halfway through the movie.
0	I'll believe it when I see it. I am *super* skeptical it will be any good whatsoever.
0	As a vet, I hated The Hurt Locker but loved Zero Dark Thirty.
0	When I posted this, I honestly did not expect the huge UK interest in it.
0	Why would one of the Watchers join the Avengers?
0	Get Greg Rucka.
0	Who in this image looks like Thom Yorke?
0	I'd show David Lean Saving Private Ryan, Titanic and Gladiator. Since Lean is considered the best Historial epic director from his generation, I'd love to see his reaction to these three popular films.
0	In the comics he's a God. In the movies, he's just an Alien who lives for a really, really long time.
0	He did write one. They passed on it. He said his heart wasn't in it and it wasn't what he wanted it to be.
0	I need more info on this drinking game.
0	Solid as Iraq.
0	good, it kinda sucked
1	Yes that's it. I have ADD, I'd never considered that before.
0	Black Christmas (2006). The movie tries so hard to be scary and gory, it ends up looking hilariously bad. My friends and I were complained about when we saw it in theaters because we couldn't stop laughing. Apparently we were interrupting someone else's enjoyment of this terrible film.
0	Just added it to my queue. I've always avoided it because it looked dumb.
0	Put Juggernaut in there somewhere.
0	Old news.
0	I love The Departed, but those two are nowhere near on the same level.
0	Do you know who Alfred Hitchcock was?
0	Only for *Nymphomaniac*, in his other films its the actual character actors having unsimulated sex.
0	Is it because it's only like 50$ to show it?
0	is there anywhere i can read a condensed summary of the thrawn and x-wing stories? just want to know what its all about
0	Yeah, all those movies that portray the future with flashy designs and hover cars or whatever just feel fake. Her's future felt so real that you know it's inevitable. I liked it.
0	I agree. I love the EU and currently reading through the Castilla trilogy. There have been some aspects I have not been a huge fan of but overall I've greatly enjoyed the series. I didn't know there was such hate towards it until recently
0	Aw fuck my bad. Sword of the stranger. Sorry man.
0	Jawsgeist?
1	Yeah the CGI in Pacific Rim ruined that movie. CGI sucks forever!
0	Also, a lot of the decisions behind most of these films happened well before 1999. There were other films released in 1998 and 2000 that were just as influential. Changes in Hollywood leading up to this point were more important than the movies that came out.
1	Downvoted because you're clearly an incompetent moron that knows nothing about films
1	"Oh yeah, I'm sure they would have put everything back the way it was and even sent a ""thank you"" note afterwards, in a fruit basket."
0	Excited as well.  It must have been a very strange experience making this movie.
0	how about a setting for minimum star rating?
0	I can't not notice the Japanese flag.
0	I think he was trying to be 'hip' and current. At least his last film was back to form.
0	You're right it is a slim chance. It's more about indigenous populations being enroached upon, not one nation specifically. It's also similar to what happened in Australia.
0	And some movies really need the 'A' or 'An' in front to make sense. Like 'An Education' wouldn't work as just 'Education'.
1	Well this didn't come out 5 years too late.
0	The ring or the kids?
0	But what if I want to stay and see who the accountants are?
1	Suddenly I feel very strongly that French subtitlers should get the shaft.
0	While I agree, this post is anything but blind contrarianism. I can understand why someone may not like Tarantino, especially Pulp Fiction. When you sit down and think about it, it's actually a pretty weird movie that takes some time to wrap your head around.
0	(The) Aviator
0	Exactly.  While I like There and Back Again more as well being a fan, Battle of the Five Armies is significantly more appealing and you can already begin to imagine the epic promo material that will go along with it.
0	It's for HBO, not the history channel.
0	I hadn't heard of that one. Is it good? It looks interesting.
0	The internet loves purple prose.
0	The book was alright. Writing a whole paper on the green light was not enjoyable.
1	Right, because locking yourself away from your people is an excellent way to rule!
0	I only flipped through about ten of the pictures before I realized that there are like, you know, over 200.
0	Who holds the higher record of movies together, Tarantino+ Jackson, or Burton and Depp.
0	Looks like we're in for some KurtRussellmania.
0	He's not.
0	Whatever you do, don't open both of those links at the same time.
0	shit post
0	This is relevant to my interests.
0	Why does he look like Frankie Muniz?
0	I saw the trailer for the first time at the beginning of The Hobbit in IMAX. That roar made 33 year old me feel the same way the T-Rex in Jurassic Park made 12 year old me feel. I can't wait.
0	Passenger Pigeons?
1	Ah but it didn't kill the actors, so it wasn't art.
0	For gratuitous carrot-based humor.
0	This thread/the article are about action heros. It makes sense that the people they cast for those roles would be ripped.
1	Ooooh, I hear that's good, although a bit obscure. Has anyone seen it? Probably not.
0	TIL, I was not aware of this. Well then surely Shaun of the Dead wins the award for most improved second feature
1	... *acting!*
0	You should check it out.  That is of course unless you have the 2011 re-make (Hara-kiri: Death of a Samurai).
0	THAT'S IT!
1	But how can he possibly escape the shadow of Ashton Kutcher's iconic perfomance in Jobs!?
0	MIDNIGHT RUN!!!! :D
1	hahaha yeah, we need more juggalos
0	This actually happened to me with Tarantino's screenplay for Natural Born Killers. I read it before seeing the film and didn't know that it had been rewritten pretty extensively. I like the original screenplay so much better.
0	His girlfriend is Olive Oil.
0	At least you have the excuse that it's not on DVD yet. But once it is you should get on that.
1	No doubt the criticism of this movie will be objective and non-circlejerkish in this thread.
0	Haha yeah that's one of my points about Daltons films they are like Craigs film but lots of people think Dalton was a rubbish Bond.
0	Yea his character was pretty much the same as in Step Brothers and he nailed it again
1	Over the Top - Sylvester Stallone uses arm wrestling to win back his some who he abandoned at birth.  Classic
0	Ok when does this come out? It looks cool.
1	I didn't really get the point they were trying to make there. I think this movie was too subtle.
0	I think a lot of action movies have this problem.  They can have thrilling, gorgeous action scenes, but if there's nothing of substance between those shots it's not going to have broad appeal.  For the people who do love it, no it shouldn't matter, but I'm glad reviewers and critics do take into account things like predictability.  Just going by sheer enjoyment would make the review more person specific, so it helps me better gauge the chances I'll actually enjoy it.
0	"I thought it really fell apart in the third act. Also, I just watched part 2 on Netflix and it was basically ""Jump Scares: The Movie."""
0	I think because it holds so many similarities to Goodfellas, it often isn't judged on its own. But it is a downright fantastic movie. I don't watch it nearly as much as I should, sadly (as often when I have the desire for that type of movie, I reach for Goodfellas). I really should buy the blu ray to try and change that.
0	definitely my favorite Wes Anderson movie.  And that's saying a lot.
0	I actually thought he was going to make a flip towards being a hero near the end but they went the safe route and just made him a mustache twirler.
0	"No! This perpetuates the growing refusal of people with lots of money to pay artists and writers for their work because ""it'll help them get ahead"" or ""they love to do it."" If you want some art, pay an artist. Their work is work just like your work, and they deserve to be paid."
0	With a special guest appearance by Martin Lawrence as Big Momma.
0	This review is so good.  I knew I liked the movie, but he can always explain WHY.  Why did I love this film?  And why did I hate the Star Wars prequels?
1	I don't know, man.  I kinda had my heart set on Brett Ratner.
0	Lawrence of Arabia.
0	As I said, it's not a significant matter, so I won't go back and forth with you too much. If you think Tom Hanks, Anthony Hopkins etc don't prep incredibly hard for their roles, including simply being naturally talented and perfecting their craft over very long careers, among many other ways they prep that are just simply different than DDL then I'm not sure you can form a proper opinion. If you also lack the understanding that an actor like DDL was required to pull off, not all, but a lot of the roles he chose that he did so well in, then you don't understand a lot about actors choosing roles and casting directors choosing certain actors. He may be only slightly better in those roles than hanks and hopkins... but it takes that role and movie from good to a classic.
0	It's not graphic in a bloody sense, but I'm surprised that they show it, and a pretty good shot of it as well. I just got back from it and the whole cinema gasped when it happened.
0	epik may may : ^ )
0	well that's great.  that's just fuckin great man.
0	Asghar Farhadi made probably the two best movie endings of the 2010's so far, with A Separation and The Past. So clever, so emotional, just all around amazing endings to already great films.
0	So..... did the movie itself get changed as well?  Sex scenes removed, and some impalement added?
0	I feel like I did most of the work in that battle.
0	pass
0	No, I think you're right. Everyone copes in different ways. I can see how this would help for some, and I'm sure it helps him in many ways (otherwise why would he do it?) It was just hard for me to merge laughter with tragedy. But, you're right- to each his own.
0	I think a lot of zeitgeisty movies are destined for this as the cultural touchstones they play on disappear over time. Movies like Wall Street, Scarface, etc. for example.
0	this line's my favorite
0	I thought the reason they had him kill Zod was so he would make his core values of not to kill in later films. It was to set up that Superman doesn't want to resort to what he had to do to Zod to anyone else. That's the impression I got from it anyway.
0	and ayayayay can't find my baby. I don't know when and I don't know why. . . .
0	Alien 3. The CGI is laughable at this point. It's sad when movies from 1979 and 1986 far outshine a 1992 movie in the special effects dept, and that's not even getting into how stupid and boring the story was.
0	I don't see the complaints about CGI during action scenes. I thought the opening scene for Revenge of the Sith was very intense and well executed, I don't see why CGI ruins it.
0	"""I DON'T WANT YOUR **POOP-CHAIR**"""
0	I think the turtles look rad personally.
0	Fox News =\= Fox Movie Studio. Its similar to how Fox can show Cosmos but Fox News will create and repeat stories about how Cosmos is anti-religion.
0	The lasso of truth takes on a whole new dimension when you consider that the man who invented Wonder Woman also invented the lie detector.
0	I love legitimate theatre
0	He knows what he was like in the 70's.
0	There was a recent study that showed that movies that passed the Bechdel test did better in the box office.
0	the music choice was horrible! Made it the worse trailer of the 3 IMO but I'm glad they showed more sentinel action.
0	Except in The Following. Man that show disappointed.
1	Ahh that solves why his young version looks bad at the start of the movie then
0	Never. You'll spend more on munchies, even if you sneak them in anyways.
0	It's like they MSPainted Wolverine's blades on.  Those would have been bad effects in 1991, seriously Terminator 2 had better looking blades.
0	The Richard Lester 3/4 Musketeers, which had been made several times before and there have been several versions since.
0	I'm not sure about other countries, but I know there was at least a brief window of time when I saw it was both playing in theaters (still on its first run) and available on DVD.
0	I would bet my life that if they had stuck to the WWZ book in the movie it would be twice the movie 2004 DOTD was
0	I thought it looked fine.
0	"Otto von Bismarck is the role Wilfred ""Diabeetus"" Brimley was born to play."
0	I stayed awake through a Transformers movie once. I think it was mostly the strain on my eyes from rolling them so much, though.
0	I hope he does a better Cajun accent than Taylor Kitsch?
0	Gonna need a longer critique than that if dont want to be -100 by the end of the day
0	thanks! will watch
0	Honestly, I was fourteen when the Phantom Menace came out. I was checking comparing credits of Phantom Menace and comparing them return of the Jedi. We did'nt have Wikipedia back then to easily check such things. I was still caught up in the story rather than who was playing character in the story.
0	Every source I can find says he was not drinking or using drugs. Memory loss is quite common for people in severe car accidents.
0	Looks pretty neat
1	Fuckin' kids, man. Why can't they be born smart? I think all stupid people should be burned at the stake, along with every piece of art aimed at stupid people!
0	Jesus, that casting sounds terrible.
0	Well, fair enough. That was just my opinion of why I could see people not liking it. It is definitely a strange film, but I appreciate it's weirdness and for some reason I just found that I enjoyed it. Don't really have one part that I identify as what made me like it though
0	Well Killing Zoe was written by Roger Avary, who wrote Pulp Fiction with Tarantino, so that really can't be a huge surprise. Things to do in Denver When You're Dead doesn't feel like a Tarantino to me at all.
1	Oh no!
0	Thank you. The devils advocates here seem to have lost their reason.
0	"I would have said that the sociopathic serial killer would lack the ability to envy Brad Pitt's character. That was the sin that made me go ""what! no way!"""
0	It was the fact that it came in so unexpectedly and so jarringly that made it good. I think the same thing is what pulled a lot of people out of it. It was a disaster movie, and then it became a horror movie. The best horror films are the ones you don't expect.
0	Do people see the movie and want to start their own project mayhems?
0	"Nope. I was calling kaiju ""kaiju"" since I've had access to the internet and was able to learn the term though fan forums. It's been in use for much longer than you think."
0	I thought he was fine.
0	"The song says ""it means no worries"""
0	Reading the synopsis I may have seen it, but it's now on my watchlist.
0	Yes, American Psycho
1	It costs more because they have to ship the movie further
0	"Paying $15 to watch a movie is unbelievable to me.  Honestly, given the choice between staying home and watching a movie vs. driving 15 minutes to spend $15 + concession to watch a movie, I'm going to stay home every time.  The thing that blows my mind about ticket prices these days is that people are paying $15 to see Tyler Perry crap and other awful movies.  Sure, I understand paying to go see a movie that should be seen in a theater, like Avatar (the 3D was pretty awesome), but paying that much to see a ""dime-a-dozen"" movie just doesn't make sense to me."
0	After watching Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, I can def see Rockwell ass IronMan.
1	because obviously the only difference between the sexes is the sexual organ
1	Why? They have planes.
0	"I didn't have too much of an issue with this. I've read Ultimate Spider-man, so I could accept that we were looking at Eddie Brock Jr, instead of the ""classic"" Venom. I think he did a good job with the material that was given to him - but the problem was the material was shockingly bad. Spider-man 3 was a stinker and it wasn't Topher Grace's fault."
0	Hope he managed to get a SW bday before the end
0	First of May is still the beginning of the summer movie season.  Marvel movies have that date claimed for the next 4 years.
0	Yeah. It's a film with a lot of stuff going on underneath all the candy coated surface the film has. When you realize what the film is about (the destruction of traditional moral values by fascism) it's actually really quietly heartbreaking, and it's a testament to why Anderson makes movies the way he does.
0	Is it too much to ask for at least a cameo from Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor?
0	Typically I prefer British humor but the American office is a thousand times better.
1	But they have black people in them.
0	I think it was said that the montage of him running through the town was so scattered about that if you were to recreate the scene it was about that much. Doesn't mean that from house to steps was that much though.
0	Psst ... [imdb.com](http://imdb.com) is your friend
1	I agree. That farmboy WAS too short to be a stormtrooper. The movie should've ended with his capture there but no. It just kept going.
0	In Whangarei.
0	I still remember the Yum! Brand (KFC/Pizza Hut/Taco Bell) commercials!
0	Of course. I didn't mean that as a criticism. I was just surprised is all. I'm 27 myself and I'm noticing time go by regularly. It seems to be picking up speed.
0	Can they make Shredder Asian too? (Seriously, who the fuck that was a good idea)
0	I used to be quite obsessed about that gun. Englishman, so could never own it, but when I used to play R6:Vegas with friends, they said they could always tell where I was on the map cuz you could hear a pistol.
0	It's a french movie.
0	Damn... I stand corrected as fuck.
0	Sweet please get Gambit and Nightcrawler!
0	TIL a weekend jogger can take an MMA fighter any day of the week.
0	This looks miles more interesting than any superhero movie that is coming out.
0	I wonder how they'll introduce her. She's got a hell of a backstory.
1	This man is the reason I want to make movies. Im so excited to see what awful questions people ask him.
0	"They've stated that he'll go with the ""I am Groot"" approach. Not that he's dumb it's just how his language works."
0	"""*From the studio that proved that it had zero intelligent decision making ability when they cancelled Firefly, comes Elektra!*"""
0	Ally McBeal
0	Wow, that actually looks pretty bad.
0	Is that the song by David Hasselhof - Hooked on feeling?
0	no, the architect is always one of the dreamers.
0	Nope. Marvel is doing its trailers right!
0	He was almost unrecognisable in Lone Survivor, another great film!
0	This. I didn't realise it was filmed in Sydney. But oh god was it bad.
0	Hey! I think we've established 'caw caw caw caw' and 'tookie tookie' don't work.
0	This is like the umpteenth time I've seen The Raid films get mentioned. Looks like I need to see these.
0	Yeah. I was most surprised by how soon it's scheduled to come out.
0	who gives a monkey a Shotgun?
0	That sounds about right. Thanks.
0	If the internet ever becomes self-aware I'm pretty sure its first act will be to commit suicide
0	This is horseshit, If you can make it on Jimmy Kimmel then you have enough fame and contacts to start it. Kickstarter has no longer been about the underdog in a long time.
1	Weird how his hairline has gotten significantly stronger in the last 20 years.
0	iirc this was pointed out repeatedly ever since the first trailer.
0	Last Night is an excellent post (pre?) apocalypse movie. Great cameo from David Cronenberg too.
0	"These are ""films you may have missed if you are under 18""."
0	One time I was looking for a video of an H bomb blowing up to show to my friend. Right after the bomb exploded on the video, there was a small earthquake.
0	Both of their performances were just fantastic in that movie, truly one of my tops.
0	As many times as I've heard the Dirty Harry bit, I've never actually seen the original until just now.  Good god it's terrible.
0	I know her father was an abusive piece of shit, but I probably would have smacked her then too.
0	Evolution, Lucky Number Slevin and Moon are on this list. My day has been made.
0	great visual..thank you.
0	Superheros: played out in ways that would make a zombie blush.
0	I swear to God I can see a bat in the center of the Dark Knight image.
1	Yeah, people are dumb if they don't like a giant squid monster attacking New York!
1	Two Captain America movies in 2 months!?
0	Terrible audio and acting in that first scene. Yeesh.
0	I don't see why they would risk his health for any of the shots that aren't close ups. Use a stand in, and just use Mayhew for the close ups, since it's all in his eyes anyway.
0	Maybe they could change the last three seasons to make sense?
0	They don't contain enough lapdances.
0	You're way into the minority.
0	They get a little too nit-picky, but it's all for good fun and I'm all for these videos.
0	You're not wrong, but I meant specifically between Batman and Talia.
0	WB's DC movies are all failures.  Even Man of Steel, which made them money, is hated by 99% of comic fans.
1	Yeah, there is totally no way that you could go see one on opening night and then see the other the next day. It's not fair!
0	Not to mention how WB will put in a larger budget for Superman/Batman compared to Cap 3 which will have a smaller budget.
0	"""hey can we use this to terraform Mars and recreate your native species?"" Main story arc complete."
0	In terms of career decisions, this one is way better for him than Gigli.
0	In English please.
0	He didn't build them for him specifically though, and chances are he was more surprised that the Hulk ripped them to pieces.
0	I'll certainly be watching the former more times than the latter (currently standing at 1 viewing)
0	I think it undermines itself as satire because the author (and teen audience) seem to think she has constructed a compelling dystopia.  When you describe it your way, it sounds very satirical, but I didn't get that from the movie.
0	You see Brubaker's cameo?
0	93, I assume old age. He was a fantastic actor and nothing short of a legend, but his time was up. RIP.
0	"You don't have to be a ""purist"" to dislike turning a classic, imposing villain into a bad joke, and then replacing him with just another corporate arms dealer."
0	"""The path of the righteous man..."""
0	Gaaaahhh I want Tusk to come out already.
0	I loved The Watch!
0	I think that was kind of the point.  It was supposed to be a fairy tale that made fun of fairy tales and their strict stereotypes of characters.
0	Where is Carnage ? We want carnage too
0	*blank stare* So are you Chinese or Japanese?
0	"don't you think this secrecy when it comes to nolan films is a little pretentious and desperately attention-seeking? it's a pathetic way to get people and the media to say, ""ooooooomg, nolan's film must be hiding something AMAAAAAAZING if he's even keeping a secret from his composer!"" give me a break."
0	"I've often wondered what Congressmen *do*.  Their assistants/interns take suggestions and complaints from ""the people"", compile them into a neat form for review, but then does the congress person review it and actually do it anything with it? Aside from the PR campaigning to get reelected. It seems like Congress would have a lot of time on their hands. Honestly, I think they need to wear cameras and be filmed during working hours so we can see all they do."
0	So do I actually, after seeing The Winter Solider, I'd love to see Black Widow in a solo film. Also The Falcon.
0	Hope the water animations are better when it's released
0	Plis. Swedupellet nakuilee.
0	I like some of those movies a lot though I got to say. They are not produced for the big masses...that's not necessarily a bad thing.
0	Carmike cinemas. Between 4-5:30 daily tickets are 5.75
0	She was really good in Any Given Sunday - acting opposite Al Pacino and being directed by Oliver Stone will do that
0	So thats your solution, put a different group of people in the same situation rather than just air different films....makes sense.
0	Bad Batts 2 is my favorite one.
0	I think that *Time Crimes* should totally be listed in one of the future parts. It's a Spanish film but it's great, cannot recommend it enough.
0	Im glad he's back man, blade 1 was awesome and he's had a hard time of it late with that shitty accountant and prison time etc
0	Yeah.  It was stupid then and it's stupid now.
0	If it's been several years since you saw it, definitely give it another chance. It's one of Shamaylans best films.
0	Money and no it caring?  Or Scientology.
1	yeah and it is directed by a white man
0	When I first watched, I knew nothing of its critical reception or cult following, and I assumed everyone thought it was super silly and terrible.
0	Or sci fi movies with no or very little visual effects. The man from Earth, THX 1138.
0	Source?
1	I know right? Far from Spike Lee's best.
0	I get that he is a legend and has had an illustrious career, but do his directorial features really stand up to Ang Lee's filmography? Are we really calling him a superior director? Or in other words, is a film choreographed by Yuen Woo-Ping and directed by Ang Lee (Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon) going to pale in comparison to a film choreographed AND directed by Yuen Woo-Ping (the sequel)?
1	Yeah, because they aren't doing *anything* to retain the spirit of the originals so far.
0	So you would rather die of esophageal cancer than experience non-fatal dysentery?
0	Yeah, you could tell the idea was really prohibited by a low budget. I thought the actress was really good though
0	"Reddit would be more like ""This picture I'm sharing with absolutely everybody in the world looks like Marlon Brando crossed with a baby! Yeah, he was just a stranger on the street who I don't think of as a human with valid privacy concerns! But don't dox me!!!"""
0	Yeah I only watched it once. I thought it was okay, but it just didn't matter as part of the story at all. The show was really just a big marketing push for Halo 4 and didn't have enough Halo substance. You wouldn't know it had anything to do with Halo without seeing a Warthog. I think I will watch it again to see if I remember right.
0	Yeah, screw them for liking popcorn flicks!
0	Not yet, I guess I'll have to check it out :)
0	What about the From Comic to Cinema posts?
1	This is a really informative picture. I hope it becomes viral.
0	Clooney has a hole in his head, but other than that, nice work.
0	"Christ... I'm saying *after* 9/11 security increased exponentially. There's no point in having this conversation with you. You're arguing nonsense. DC is the most interdicted airspace in the world and the Pentagon is not in DC. It only got more powerful post-9/11. Nobody could have predicted that there were more planes coming 500 miles away from the WTC. I did not post my comment to get into an argument about fucking 9/11. Your comments about security breaches are in no way comparable to the security breaches of the two White House attack movies that came out last year, and I'm saying *those* movies are completely ridiculous. Hell, even in the part you quoted from me it said ""attacks"" and you named two that weren't attacks. Just stop."
0	This is true. Parenthood kinda softened him up rather quickly. Still, great movies. :)
0	I agree with you except for Couture. Love that guy.
0	Yup.
0	What the hell is wrong with Sylvester Stallone's arms?
0	I completely didn't know Snoop was 6'4.
0	We like to let them think that.
0	Because he wasn't cast for his acting abilities, and he doesn't do it for a living.
0	"No joke. I would not have batted an eye if he'd been in the tall list at 6'5""."
0	"The Hoff is 6'5""? Whaaaaaat"
0	Not to mention the obligatory wedding video.
0	Geez, dude. Harsh.
0	This is now the new wallpaper on all the desktops at work. Thanks OP! Productivity is up!
0	We need more quality stuff on Netflix instant. I'm excited to finally show this to my girlfriend.
1	"Sorry OP, but ""All content that is not directly-related to Breaking Bad will be removed"" gotta follow the sub rules"
0	He is new, created specifically for the new movies; in both book and old movie, Thorin did kill him.
0	So, slimy either way?
0	The only thing he did wrong was let his emotions get the better of him and shut everything off without fully understanding his actions. He was too busy power tripping to take the time to safely disable the protection grid (as safe as possible anyway, the ghosts were likely getting out either way).
0	The turtles look a little weird but I think Raph looks pretty good.  Rocksteady is really fucked up.  The rest are amazing.
0	Because the movie is filmed and in post production. That is NOT getting changed. Deal with it.
0	I can't believe that this little thing changes everything (for me atleast). They look much more cartoonlike without the nostrils.
0	I need a tissue to wipe the blood form my eyes.
0	Am I the only one who's actually okay with the new design?
0	Mal and Firefly comes close =)
1	Having already watched the movie, I safely read the review. It was the only really spoilerific line, good decision to use that one as RT's quote.
0	I really hope it turns out decent. The early Slinter Cell games (Chaos Theory especially) are my all time favourites.
0	Turns out it was a good **gamble**.
0	As someone who saw Star Wars as a kid, and the Matrix as an adult, I agree wholeheartedly, unfortunately, taking off work to see the later movies (either one), ugh.
1	Here, I think you need one of these:
1	Man, they really fucked up the mobile version of that website.
0	This make's me want to see this even more.
0	Especially when they drive it off a ledge.
0	He definitely has the chin for it.
0	My only beef with cable guy is Jim Carrey. And the choice to funny up the story. Same thing.
0	At this point multiple sources have confirmed Marvel forced a blandly rewritten script on Wright a month before production. When they did this they took just as much a shit on Cornish.
0	"That's fine and all, but when I hear Frieza's old voice, I think, ""Yeah, that's Frieza."" With the new one I think, ""Hey look it's generic-sounding villain!"""
0	yesh mi lord
1	Or that Oz wasn't an actual wizard. Fuck that movie was a rollercoaster.
0	I wanted to see more of that in DOFP to be honest. Was a bit disappointed they didn't show it.
0	pics or didnt happen
0	yeah, I wish I could have been a part of that culture wave that happened when it hit
1	That's the son of Bolivar Trask. If you recall in DoFP Trask had a black secretary who seemed very concerned when he (actually Mystique) was crying. They were romantically involved and had a son together who was named after his father.
0	So when does Gareth Edwards direct the live adaption of Dragon Ball Z?
1	Racist!
1	But you can't leave the source! Even though there are multiple!
0	I agree but if they did I'd want it to be his origin story and how he got the name and escape from the testing institute he was in which is kind of a dark origin story, then maybe fast forward a little bit and make the villain Ajax.
0	who else was in contention for the job?  Hard to imagine A hugh Jackman less Wolverine now.
0	She can prevent people from ever even existing, so like, deus ex machina.
0	He was also one of the moustached cops in Hot Fuzz.
0	Is he a good guy? I seen him more good in 3, whilst 2 he was the guy who was going to kill them if they didn't get his money back.
0	The only reason I know of that game is because it got into trouble for its fundamentalist Christian propaganda, where you have to convert non-believers or fight Muslims or something like that. I have no clue what kind of game it is, but it already sounds boring as hell.
0	Megamind
0	Bruce Almighty
1	The only people who think that are freaks, gays and feminists. Who's opinions are worthless. Get back in your hole.
0	Live Free Or Die Hard totally counts for this one
0	Oi give someone else a shot!
0	Nothing wrong with enjoying it, it's a fun action movie.  Just gets a bit more credit than it deserves in some areas.
1	No it's totally unused.  No one dare to post this anywhere on walls or in magazines or anything.  Big MPAA wants to shut down decency that's commonly found in European countries and shield us from sex.
0	Thor.
0	Donger = lowered (still massive though)
1	They're big scary pieces of evil that make people do unspeakable things!
0	Upvote for making me subscribe to a new sub for gentlemen!
1	Completely and utterly shit PR campaign. Will not see.
0	Came here to post this. Glad not to be the only one who thought so.
0	The Place beyond the Pines.. the scene with Ryan Gosling and Bradley Cooper in the house.
0	Kids have known tit since they were first born, so I'm not sure why MPAA thinks it's such a big deal. It's not like you are going to have some 13 year old run up to it, whip his dick out and start furiously masturbating.
0	For All Mankind was made in the 80s and used entirely original footage and audio from the Apollo missions.
0	Shut up and go watch Buffy.
0	Is there a trailer for Creep anywhere? All I can find is one for a movie from 7 years ago.
0	She is not ignorant she knows what she is doing.
0	No it had the court room bathroom and outside shot.
0	Such sublime pure evil! He has no shame. He's 90% of why it's one of my favorite movies.
0	"""No he was way behind schedule.""  Pricks."
0	John Huston as Noah Cross in *Chinatown*.
1	That's why *Triumph of the Will* is in my top ten.
0	You are one funny man, goat.
0	That guy committed suicide years later, hard alcoholic :(
0	Someone elsewhere said that the first Cube movie was filmed in a single set, and they only had 3 faces of one cube to film in.
0	And explains why he was in the UK version of Big Brother!
0	Yeah it gets no respect. No respect.
0	Clever Girls
1	Those bullets were on point though
0	He just has a very serious commitment to trying new things. He's an auteur. It didn't help that the reason he had to decide to make the sequels was because he and his studio were broke.
0	Err, what's the 4th helicarrier?  TWS only had 3, and the one in Avengers didn't crash.
0	"I have seen 2 of these, ""Disaster Movie"" &amp; ""Going Overboard"""
1	wow so subtle and genius
0	I mean, you're not even the original Josh, *nor* the other one.
0	I'd like to see a slow reveal. Start with subtle hints like they did with Magneto and Quicksilver then maybe have some sort of reveal.
0	That's Daisy, Daisy Adair
1	Oh, look, the Chinese completely ripping something off instead of creating something original. This is not only shocking and surprising, it also has great cultural value!
0	"You forgot to mention ""YOLO"", ""Swag"" and/or ""butthurt"", kiddo."
0	Marvel let James Gunn run with his far out vision for GOTG.  DC let Nolan do his thing with Batman, CBS/Paramount let Abrams walk all over Star Trek.  It kind of pisses me off that Wright put years into Ant-Man, and then they reined him in.
0	Pretty safe as long as you don't try to pet the unidentified snake alien
0	I read the book and then watched the movie for an english project, and I remember really not liking the movie. I think it was just John Cusack's weird acting. Jack Black basically made the movie though, one of his best roles
0	"That's not true. At the [end of the movie](#s ""he says the last thing he remembers is drowning. So he remembers everything that happened before that, including his memories of the alternate future. He lost all of the memories between drowning and waking up in the mansion in the last scene of the movie"")"
0	Sir Ian, Sir Ian, Sir Ian
1	Thank you for making it official.
0	You need to examine your priorities if you truly think good movies are more important than safe children.
0	Damn. We got a badass over here.
0	And CG
0	Alright my b
0	I can't even comprehend how people can enjoy a cam viewing of a film. They're just so bad, even the good quality ones.
0	"No, that ""shitpussiessay"" kid on twitter has hands down the most punchable face of all time"
0	NO the 80s had the worst fashion. This is objectively true. There is simply nothing redeeming about 80s fashion.
0	I liked him in Red Dead Redemption.
0	Schreiber in the newer movies looks like how I think the Nazis imagined the Bear Jew
0	Thunderballin'
0	Halle Berry was hot
0	Barely trashing it. He's older and not really the target demographic anymore so it just seems like a juvenile movie which does appeal to the target demo.
1	I hope he plays the goofy guy with a heart of gold in his next film!
0	I've got a feeling he might even be in for the next two
0	"I think a lot of people get the ""hipster"" tag if they don't let people enjoy movies even if they aren't cinematic masterpieces."
0	This just made a thought pop into my head. What if they eventually got around to filming a Dark Tower movie and cast Hugh Jackman as Roland?
1	they should have a tag for that
0	I misread trust as 'thrust', it was awesomer with thrust. Let us not speak of this again.
0	"There was a really good article on Grantland last week about the possibility of reaching ""peak superhero""--where both DC and Marvel struggle constantly to keep up the house of cards of their ""cinematic universes"" by constantly forcing and revising everything to tie into everything else (see: Agents of SHIELD, new Justice League members arriving daily into BvSDoJ). Can't say that I disagree; by forcing artists into a tightly-scripted corporate vision, you risk them all walking away to seek ventures where they are in control; and, further still, you risk alienating an audience who doesn't have the time, patience, or money to watch literally everything you put out just to know what's going on."
0	Another great one is *Yongseoneun Eupda*. I mean even when I knew how brutal and depressing South Korean movies tend to be (after watching 11 that are on this list), and wishing that it was somehow different, I still remember my stomach lurching.
0	The same thing happened with Silver Linings Playbook but with Apple products.
0	little... yellow... different.
0	I really hope they don't do a Han Solo movie. The character is Harrison Ford's, I don't really think I can see anybody else in the role.
0	O captain my captain
0	When one character is as iconic as Han Solo and the other character personality changes to match his then its a ripoff.
0	Most of the difference is in over exposure.  If you don't overexpose things, there won't be a huge difference.  Especially with color correction.
0	I think you mean Bill's Dead vol. 1
0	Did You Know Capitalizing The First Letter Of Every Fucking Word Is Incredibly Annoying To Look At?
0	What country?
0	He's a con man for making movies that you don't like? It's not like the Trailer to his recent movies have been poor indicators of what the actual movie is going to be about.
0	Was that during the Shah?
0	The only problem with that is that I will get fucking bored of humanity's plight by about film four, and by six I will straight up not give a shit. If it was focused on Godzilla then I'm up for it, but not if they still need to shovel in all the humans.
0	It's still awesome that he's in the movie, even if it is a marketing ploy. I'm not going to hate just to spite them.
0	No they didn't, they wrote an original story.
0	Though it *does* sound like that piece of music at the very start has a little bit of the *Avengers* theme hinted at in it...or am I hearing things?  Not that I'm saying this would be part of the MCU, but I think the first riff was meant to evoke the *Avengers* theme.
0	White people's Tyler Perry
0	Twist 2: The insurance company knows this and are prepared to refund the premiums but called the guy to go public so as to additionally shame Tarantino online for the chance for an additional payout.
0	#3:  It's 'Tarantino.'
0	I said the same thing, what the hell
0	At first I was all excited then I realized its the cold war. Now I'm disappointed because even if its a good movie (which it undoubtedly will be) I find the subject matter incredibly boring.
0	A lot of people love Boondock Saints.  I hate it, but everyone I know loves it.
0	"Not really that quotable, other than the mustache song or maybe ""Everyone dies at the faire."""
0	Found no such option on mobile. Then again im not the smartest fellow.
1	Yeah, Marvel really needs to step up their game in world-building and successful movie series for characters that have never had a successful adaptation with mass appeal.
0	I loved it.
0	Moreover, it's only the starting point of a series of back and forth negotiations and court fights.  It's going to be even more complicated then whether that's the true costs because they're going too have to prove damages.  If it costs them $50million more but Walker's death and marketing it as his last film brings in $X million more in extra revenue then the insurance will argue they should only pay out $50-X million.
0	Who is he stabbing when Narrator says it? I didn't rexognise them.
1	I'd take a pedo director over Brett Ratner any day
0	Fuck you I wanna be in it. That guy had his fame.
0	I like to think that you were waiting fervently for this anouncement just so that you could rub it in my face.
0	Ka-Reist, these comments are garbage.
0	What was wrong with MI3?  That movie kicked fucking ass!
0	DC has realized that Superman stories are boring. He is so overpowered that first reboot out of the gate, they had to bring in other Kryptonians, multiple ones, as a challenge.  There is only so far this can go before it gets absurd.  Batman keeps it real...ish.
1	But BVS stands for Buffy the Vampire Slayer!
1	JL prequel. That's just silly. It's a prelude.
0	Not to mention that, in general, Disney has such a strong connection with them.
0	"God, I love that. It goes so well with the film of Jack driving out to the Overlook. The terrain looks so wild and desolate, and the music imparts that perfect ""I am so fucked if I get stranded out here."" sense of dread. That trilling crawls down your spine like a long, slithery bug."
0	seems highly unlikely that i would win unless i shelled out $10000. still $10 won't hurt.
1	It should have been hand painted right? Like godzilla only with batman and superman and wonderwoman and cyborg and lex zuckerberg
0	Well depending on where you live I guess. I bought a house just shy of $90k so that's nearly 10%. But I live a ways away from any metro area so yeah, dependent.
1	Moon.
0	The elves *are* pretty old though
0	If you correct the word 'catched' into 'caught', I'll tell you the name of the fire devil monster.
0	Isn't Mos Eisley supposed to be a major space port?
0	American actors.
0	I thought Fassbender is dead, his last name is Fassb-nder
0	Plus not only is hamlet a really long play, it's also has a *buttload* of monologues
0	He means Michael Pitt
0	I wouldn't think Click as anything but a shitty ass movie.
0	Who isn't the kids uncle?
0	That site is *far* from a credible source.
0	"Yeah she really likes Spider-Man and ended up getting into it because he has a pretty cool arc. The reason I had her read it is she really knew nothing about my favorite hero (Captain America) other than the standard ""Oh he's just a boy scout, who cares"" thing, and Civil War is one of the best Captain America storylines I can remember. Since seeing Cap 2 I've had her go back and read Winter Soldier and she just told me the other day ""Dude, how come I never knew Steve Rogers was such a baller?"""
0	Especially since in among their last 2D animated movies you had Atlantis: The Lost Empire which had a fairly large body count
0	Cap ends up coming back. He uses his death as a way to go into an espionage mission against the Russians I believe and works with black widow but you don't know it's cap just some masked fighter dude. Then it is revealed that cap wasn't killed and becomes Captain America again.
0	"Given there's no inherent ""gain"" for someone to post that particular post with a fake account, I'm going to take it as legit."
0	No, it sucked.
0	Here's how I see it: she always could do that, she just didn't realize it.  Basically she can phase through space, so hey, she can also phase through time.  But that's dangerous, and also might actually be impossible due to time paradoxes and the conservation of energy... but with the help of Xavier she can do the next best thing and send a consciousness back in time - which isn't material - to try and change things.  Wolverine is the best choice because he's the only person who is nearly unchanged between the two time periods.  His body is basically identical (he's still an adult), he's not crippled in one time period but not in another, he's not evil in one time period but good in another... it's the simplest and best choice to make sure that the time shift works and isn't affected by additional unnecessary factors that could complicate things more than is already going to happen.
1	NO OPINIONS ALLOWED
0	"Well I have read a ton of the EU but fell off around the Yuuzhan Vong so I have missed anything after that. I didn't read the graphic novels and there appears to be only one novel featuring Boba Fett after his 'death"". Anything substantial containing Boba Fett came out years after i stopped reading, and it's likely he became a bigger deal due to the prequels."
1	Come on man, did you see that Wizard of Oz movie that came out last week. That shit has the lock on best animated picture.
0	I loved it so much when i saw it in high school, haven't seen it in years. i need to watch that again
0	Zoe Saldana.
0	What kind of accent is this?
1	You watched their live DVD?
0	"Here's a way to save money. Just show that on screen. "" THIS MOVIE IS COMING OUT"""
0	yeah, i don't remember *any* deaths in that movie.  If someone claims TMNT has more on-screen deaths than We Were Soldiers, i'm gonna need some citations.
0	3brave5me
0	I lay this square on the fact that they got the perfect actor to play the idealized Steve Rogers complete with all the best American values.  The character *resonates* in a way that everyone wants to be like him (integrity, strength of character, honest, compassionate.)  I do not think it's the plots that draw people, although they don't hurt.
0	It's actually there.
0	Another story I heard was that Ermey barked at Kubrick to stand, and he did.
0	Thor and Captain America have had the best scores so far IMHO. I was expecting Avengers to be better but aside from the main theme it was pretty forgettable.
0	Wait, there's nothing between the two in the US?
0	We live in a world where Captain America can do better in the international box office than a Superman movie. Even when Cap 2 is released in early April.
0	And then he proceeds to wipe the blood on Brunhilda's face.
0	Why are so many people asking this?
0	Fair point.
0	You're right, i really should have checked the date there. Thanks!
0	Are you referring to his bomb training?
0	i didn't get the Murica vibe at all. to the contrary the navy got roflpwned the whole movie.
0	Golly, the comments on that article are delightful and inspiring.
0	Have fun with the movie!
0	Bro if you HBO'd you'd know that it's not TV it's HBO bro.
1	Burn for you, crypto-gay Tom Cruise
0	"They actually say Gojira at first and then start calling him Godzilla. And at the end the news says ""King of the Monsters"". It's say more than once."
0	Only book to ever make me physically ill. Very good.
0	His style would not have fit at all.
0	"After seeing ""True Detective"", I will watch anything he's in for the rest of his career"
0	Mud was also a phenomenal film
0	Can't wait to see this, looks out of this world!
0	Both!
0	Two Calm Men: A Modernized Retelling of Confucius Meeting Laozi
0	Uh-oh, film snob badass over here!! ^^^
1	No his brother wrote it..
1	did he say that? omg i have something in common with nolan.
0	I'm just waiting to see how the IMAX-on-Lear jet nose looks on the big screen.
0	Reddit's head just got about 6 inches deeper into Christopher Nolan's butthole.
0	I just want a full version of the acoustic titanium cover. It's my favorite song from the movie and it's one of the few that didn't end up on the soundtrack.
0	Neutral Density filter. Basically sunglasses for the camera for when you are shooting in bright light, like say on Tatooine.
0	"or ""generic anime protagonist #2764"""
0	How about the HomeStar Runner characters? All except for Marzipan.
0	I was giddy the whole movie every little detail made it cooler.
0	I mean that was just how the character was written. I liked it. It *worked*. In the universe Nolan created, it *worked* so well. You couldn't say he was a comedian who fell in a vat of acid, you had to have him be more PTSD/addict/withdrawal psychopath than hokey. It was a gritty film without a lot of lightheartedness to it. Introducing a lighthearted, but crazy, villain just simply wouldn't have worked. And that's my concern with re-introducing him in the MoS universe, which is basically an attempt to be in the spirit of Nolan - I just don't see a comicky Joker working unless they totally change the feeling of the series so far.
0	arguably decent? Come on man
0	Rick Blaine and Victor Laszlo were some cool names.
1	Oh well THANK GOD we are finally getting Franco's perspective on things! He's been so evasive regarding his opinions up until this point. WHAT A STAND.
0	Jonah Hill has good range though.
0	CGI Bolg looks better in my opinion. Other Bolg looks like an extra from Fraggle Rock
0	Generally, I don't attempt to predict or understand movies until it's over. If I do, I usually end up figuring out the ending before it happens. I just keep myself in an ignorant bliss, so I'm always surprised one way or another. Pot helps.
0	The one that album seemed to hate was one of the only ones that didn't look like a 3 inch toy.
0	The only thing that beat Bruce Lee was Bruce Lee.
0	King Kong (the original) really sparked the whole Kaiju genre in Japan so this is not surprising. He was the daddy.
0	If you watch Godzilla final wars they actually acknowledge the monster from 1998 and put it in the movie. But they call it something else and say so thug like the dumb Americans thought it was Godzilla but were wrong.
0	My gym teacher in high school gave us a final on our last day of class which consisted of each of us being asked one question for bonus points. Mostly who would win in a fight, Mario v Luigi, Arnold Schwarzenegger v Jean Claude Van Damme, Bruce Lee v Chuck Norris (fucking easy) etc, etc. Mine was Mecha Godzilla v Mothra and too this day I always side with that giant fucking moth. Needless to say I passed Gym with flying colors- like Mothra would have.
0	I know you're not looking for an actual answer and your just trying to be condescending but yes I do.
0	Less monologing, more suprise tactics.
0	You're welcome!
1	You forgot to tag that with
0	Then they made a Doctor Who episode revolving around that idea.
0	A WWE movie with actors playing the wrestlers would be pretty hilarious, even if it was a spoof video for Youtube.
0	have faith, even The Boondock Saints sequel finally happend!...right guys?  Remember the sequel...  *sobs*
0	Yep.
0	"Looks like it's an attempt at concatenating ""In IMAX"", considering how the right hand line of the N is the same as the I in IMAX."
0	Batman
0	Big Fish.
1	So Superman learning his abilities in 3 jumps over 5 minutes as opposed to a 2 hour fight scene isn't good storytelling?!
0	Marcus is my favourite character, his rap is gnarly.
0	It's shamalamadingdong. Nothing intelligent to see where he's involved.
0	OMFG have you ever heard that dip shit talk, its agonizing.
0	I feel like he should, at the least, be wearing a batcup.
0	I see what you mean. I was just saying I have respect towards Tatum and think he can pull off the role. I do think however his build is not fir for Gambit.
0	Hm, I wish they would have renewed the contract if that were possible. Nothing against ben, but I don't like when character change actors. Toby is spiderman, Christian Bale is Batman, and Pierce Brosnan is James Bond. That's just how it should be.
0	FUCK. YES.
0	Is Watchmen considered a bad movie? It's one of my all time favorites.
0	I wish I had a body like that
0	Yep, that looks like Batman. I don't know what everyone was expecting.
0	And yet hardly any Batarangs. :(
0	Well this was worth the wait. Now just have to wait even longer for the movie
0	What's a sarlaac pit?
0	"He did a killer two part Silver Surfer story called ""Parable."""
0	Cranston is in everything now. He's turned into the meth of Hollywood.
0	But how does that explain the picnic he had with Sally on the *anniversary of his death??*
0	Smallville is like Buffy the Vampire Slayer, if every episode ended with someone getting amnesia. Seriously, they could have called it Amnesiaville.
1	Just look at how good Pixar director Andrew Stanton did with live action John Carter
0	Old Batman was plenty dark
0	I wonder what they did with the cartoon movie rights, I've wanted a Fatal Attractions Xmen animated movie for the longest.
0	Already seen that. Liked it a lot :) Thanks for the suggestion, though.
1	Why is that all that great when you compare it to a 12 foot long vehicle with impossible turn radius and a jet engine.
0	This is the first I'm hearing about this movie... is it literally Batman versus Superman?
0	I wonder if him and Wes Anderson got along. And that sounds like Norton is just a... Higher skilled actor than Marvel wanted to deal with.
0	WTF? I mean WTF as in I never thought of that. I like that possibility, but who carries a ~~gun~~ hand cannon with blanks?
0	The is no movie in Ba Sing Se. There is no Ong in Ba Sing Se.
1	You cant run in an 90 degree angle from objects falling forwards .. Duhh ! everyone knows that
0	Why won't they make a justice league movie?
0	I thought the first one was great, the sequels were shit.
0	Dom DeLuise? He used to be a chef on TV, but now he just sits at home with his ass, up his ass!
0	I have always thought the Spaceballs bit with the home video was a rip off of the gag in The Muppet Movie where Dr. Teeth reads the script.
0	You gotta be patient man
0	"It does when they're filming the ""cameraman"" shut off the camera."
1	It's cool brah, James Cameron totally made an Avatar movie already.
0	Try Ghost Adventures. Between the darkness and Zac's voice, it's so easy to doze off to that, and I'm not the type of person to fall asleep with the TV on.
0	If your family or friends haven't seen it, then you're surrounded by assholes.
0	The production budget was $255 mil and marketing is another $180-190 mil.   Not sure where you're getting your numbers.  Besides, they would need to make make $750 mil to turn a profit since they have to share a bigger pie internationally.
0	Otherwise known as Braindead for those hoping to find it.
0	Nothing like bad ageing to ruin a cult movie.
0	I want to find a theater that will show every Hobbit film followed by every LOTR's films directors cut opening night for the BoFA, that would be glorious.
0	Yeah, but I can forgive dumb in a script, not incompetence.
0	Also, if they had rights to Spider-Man &amp; xmen, then they wouldn't be making films like Guardians of the Galaxy.
0	Thats true, but lets not pretend like a 14 year old and a girl one week from the cutoff are the same thing. We as a society agree people at 18 are generally capable of giving informed consent. One week away from that is probably fine from a moral perspective if you take that first part as true. 3-4 years is not.
0	I just want to know how good is your internet connection beneath that rock you live under.
0	Probably not. I didn't know it was based on a comic either when I first watched it. But they probably meant more about how the studios saw comic book movies. The article mentions the comic book movie flops before its release. One of them being a Batman movie.
1	They should do a straight adaptation of Clone Saga
1	Yeah, the movie is so amazing when you consider all the extra-cinematic information presented by Ridley Scott after the film's release!
0	It's kinda depressing.
0	Lars von Trier's Antichrist. Much, much better than Melancholia and Nymphomaniac, if you can handle it.
0	His name is James *jaaames* Cameron, the bravest pioneer! No budget too steep no sea to deep, WHO'S THAT **IT'S HIM** James Cam-er-on!
0	If you think all movies have terrible parts to them, you need to watch more movies.
0	Hancock cost 150 and made 625 and there's no sequel to that.
1	Too complicated brah, lets just film fights with shaky cam and be done with it.
1	They aren't epileptics though, they are devils!
0	I cant recommend that you watch the video enough.
1	Look at me! I hate what's popular lololol. Everyone must know!
0	For me the worst was when they hinted at the end of a Noah 2!
0	Hamburger music begins to play.
0	Ender's Game did pretty well, didn't it?
0	They dont need to adjust their marketing they need to adjust to making a movie that doesnt suck. This one was awful and I'll never go to the theater for the remaining movies in this reboot, just awful. The first one grossed high because it didn't suck. Word of mouth killed this one.
0	Gollum looked fake and that bothered me, but you're right, I liked the movies overall.
0	Why remake of that was already perfect?! Its like the second total recalll.
1	Was really sad to see Matthew Broderick wasn't in it.
0	Likely the lesser of two evils, but he is still going to wreck some shit.
0	I hated it to be honest. The fact that they used Deus Ex:HR music and then played that awful remix. The original soundtrack for Akira was far better.
1	A school bus on a bridge? Ugh. Worst movie ever. All aboard the whinge train!
0	What I, or anyone else would do, is irrelevant. It's not in Bruce's moral code. Period.
0	Sharknado
0	Is HAL human?
0	This is the dude who put balls on the Constructicon Devastator and co-wrote Cowboys and Aliens. But then again he's done decent work with Watchmen and Mission Impossible III. So it could go either way.
0	"Charging ridiculous rates is the best way to politely say ""Fuck off. I don't want to work with you""."
0	English is not my first language but i googled it. So the movie might be holding back until it's almost over?
0	Commenting to watch all later
0	So Frozen III: Anna Also Has Ice Powers Now hitting DVD by christmas?
0	Oh, it was a while ago, probably forgot.
0	And it was unofficially announced yesterday that Damien rice will release a new album late this year.
0	40+ year old franchise with ten movies (prior to the reboot) and six television series to its name wouldn't be where it is today without JJ.
0	You just pretty much summed up every Aronofsky film.
0	I saw Django by myself. Greatest experience ever.
0	"""For those of you keeping score at home, Three 6 Mafia: 1, Martin Scorsese: 0"" -Jon Stewart"
0	Wrong person!
0	you just brought me some childhood.. thanks for reminding of the existence of that book.
0	Yeah, I think that got too much focus because there are a lot of things wrong with the movie and it's easy to latch onto that idea as silly (whether it was too silly or not).
0	No doubt. What I said was an over-simplification of how the war ended, but bottom line was Germany definitely got the raw end of the deal, it hurt them a lot economically, and as a result a man like Hitler was able to climb to power.
1	because he's so diverse
0	I didn't enjoy Hillcoat's adaptation of The Road. I think the Coen brothers are the only directors and writers who can successfully transfer McCarthy's novels onto the screen.
1	I don't know about that, I think the humans still have a fighting chance of coming out on top.
0	And how'd he jack in by himself?....*WTF?!!?!?*
0	I think that might be because Jimmie is such a real person and he's meant to be a very real, regular guy that seeing a noticeably real person playing him doesn't destroy the illusion as much.
0	I dunno... He's wearing a striped bowtie in the still and a solid colour one on the film.
0	As far as we know, they're not his origin. But I think Gareth said in an interview or something that he and the MUTO's are attracted to radiation or something.
0	Hell the villains being externalized versions of his personal issues were what the approach was all about.
0	I feel like a positive coming from the marketing is that they haven't shown much at all. They have shown exactly what everyone wants to see, and nothing more. Think about it, we've seen almost none of the monster fights, and we know there are going to be a lot of them.
0	"I like the hulk but man, SO MANY CAPS JUST MAKES IT HARD TO READ. Since he's more or less dropped the ""HULK NO LIKE. HULK ANGRY"" style in favor of actual cogent writing I wish he'd get away from ALL CAPS."
0	I watched it growing up and followed several seasons as an adult. I want it to be pg-13 minimum. I want a film that has real conflict and real characters, not idealized role models and fluff.
0	Star Wars is just cultural at this point. Every one knows it, and everyone will eventually see a new movie about it. It's basically playing with won money, you can't lose.
0	There are dozens of us!  Dozens!
1	You don't think a quirky slightly above average looking guy working a job that keeps him in an apartment could get an impossibly hot super model girlfriend that happens to know more about cars/manly things than many seasoned mechanics? What if it's like an end of the world scenario or something?
0	You have low standards.
0	There are usually a lot of artists. But it isn't expensive, thats why it replaces practical effects often
0	You mean I was supposed have film in this thing?
0	I liked it
0	What actually happens in Super 8 (in general)? Do they find an alien and the movie is them interacting with it? Does a lot more happen in the movie than in the trailers?
0	It's impossible to appreciate Insomnia until you're watching it on a tiny screen on the back of the airplane seat in front of you after 18 hours of travel and no sleep for at least 24 hours. The entire thing is crafted to FEEL like having insomnia. It was utterly horrifying and I couldn't stop watching.
0	Thought that was a great little movie.  Jack was great in it.  Good news for Bernie.
0	Wait until you hear about the show *Game of Thrones*.
0	I don't think theres anything super analyzing about it. Just like TMNT 3, Batman Forever and Batman&amp;Robin were money makers for the Producers because they saw the potential of how children were drawn to it. Make the movie likable to children plus add an arsenal of toys to go with it. Boom you got success. At the end of the day, it was all about the kids.
0	Ang Lee knows his stuff.
0	Everything is too high and too small.
0	2 of the 3 hosts are Daily Show writers, one is the head writer I believe, Elliott Kalan.
0	You're absolutely right. For some reason I'd inserted Talbot into the film in my mind.
0	I'm fairly certain the correct spelling is Brazil.
1	Dude stop being so racist you ignorant prick!
0	against blue people...duh
1	Catwoman? She wasn't in TDKR.
0	In the eyes of the law, undoubtedly. But true innocence or guilt is based on actuality.
1	I'd love to hear Liam Hemsworth trying a cajun accent. I'm sure that would work well and wouldn't sound grating or fake at all.
1	I was on mobile... didn't intend to offend your eyes with my psychopathy.
1	"Who actually picks these people to have authority over movie ratings? ""Well we can let them say fuck ONCE and keep it PG13, but I'll be gosh darned if they are using it twice because then they are getting a big fat R!!"""
0	The same thing is true for male comedy actors. Could you imagine step brothers being as funny as it is with two really hunky guys?
0	I've never Heard of her.
0	Good thing it wasn't a reboot then.
0	Chewiee
0	we'll see if you guys love me later come August.
0	Because the Maguire suit was pretty close to the original. The AS2 suit tried to be more like the comic book suit so all three (Maguire &amp; Spiderman &amp; AS2) look pretty similar.
0	Amazing stuff.
0	Pandorum
0	GOOD JOB LIZ.
0	And let the apologies and excuses for this piece of garbage begin!
0	Gorlami!
0	I could actually see this being what theaters display on the outside of the building and it would likely be more effective advertisement.
0	TIL 39 is nearly 40.
0	"""In the jungle you must wait, until the dice read five or eight."""
0	My instinct is to fast forward even though it's a porn *parody*.
0	"I remember in Avengers, waiting the entire final battle for Hulk to catch Tony, no thanks to that in the trailer. Once I saw Tony start to fall, there was zero tension since I just had a ""oh, I guess this is that scene then"" attitude about it."
0	You can see a clip of him beasting out if you google.
0	I will admit that there was *some* effort put in Pain &amp; Gain, but I still hated that movie.
0	It would be funny if Mothra was the hero, and they has to tie in those tiny asian twins to the modern spin
1	Pfft, not even one dismembered corpse. This movie is for children.
0	*nominated
1	Oh good. There's going to be a romantic sub-plot between the chick and the guy from House. Yay. It's just what we need in our monster movie.
0	Then you're an idiot who's only exposure to Godzilla was the shitty american 90's reboot movie. Suck it up and prepare to be dick punched by the return of the king. Monster movies are back!
0	How about when that old rich dick gets run down and eaten? Huh, where's your 'spared no expense' now asshole?
1	Lack of interest? Well shit. Guess it's time for them to reboot the franchise. That might do it.
0	Right...someone like Will Hunting.
0	World War Z
0	cool
0	David Warner had 3. Time After Time (as Jack the Ripper), Time Bandits, and Planet of the Apes (as an ape). He also did guest spots in Star Trek and Doctor Who.
1	Why are you so damn sassy, it's not like he raped you.
0	I'd love the sequel to expand on the mythology of the comics, I mean tell us a bit more about what happened, and get us more engaged in the world of Dredd not just another building movie
0	Elitist?  Really.  It distracts me from actually watching the movie and ruins my immersion in the story.  Gimmicks don't make a good movie for me and I liked Dredd, it did not need the gimmick.
0	I just realized who the cast was a year or two ago. Imagine my shockgasm when I realized Mr. Bean was actually Zazu
0	Also directed a fun movie called Garage Days and he's Australian. Alex Proyas. He's currently making another dark fantasy movie about Egypt.
0	Blade 2 was the best Blade.
0	Good for him. I hope tv is as good to him as film is. And heck, he's living in a time when that's the case. You have Eva Green in this with him, Matthew Maconaghay on a tv show, and even Billy Bob Thorton is doing tv.
0	Because it insinuates a person's supposed superiority over the product, service, or person being boycotted. That's the very definition of smug.
0	I thought *Pacific Rim* was the sequel to Cloverfield?
0	I feel like i should have read your comment before posting mine which was the exact same thing.
0	Thought the cast and script was great, but the story sucked ass. The action was fantastic though.
0	"""Wait, you can't go, you're the greatest waiter I've ever seen!"""
0	Wooooooooooshhhhhhhhhhhh
0	Wait, what? A guy named Mary Jane? That's ridiculous.
0	like what exactly? Cause i've been meaning to watch it again, but had no reason to.
0	Maybe it's the *best* hour-and-a half video of a dangling dick.
0	I wasn't even aware netflix had them in the first place and now I don't have time to watch them before tomorrow. What the fuck!! Netflix really needs to get their shit together and highlight movies like this instead of the same garbage over and over again.
0	Except the Illuminati takes up about 3-4 pages of comic book explanation.  We really just need to decide who the Illuminati will be in this Marvel Universe.
0	i was going to watch it but then i realized I didnt wanna sit down for near 3 hours watching michael bay jerk off on the audience
1	yeah because if that show didn't exist these parrots wouldn't be endangered
0	Exactly! Wow I'm genuinely surprised that's not what it is.
0	He wasn't in the movie.
0	"I noticed it but I didn't dislike it. The old way of movie making would have been for them to make up a pizza chain like ""Uncle Frankie's"" and then have an Uncle Frankie's location turn up across the Atlantic. That would have been much less believable than a chain we know has a zillion locations."
1	Oh I'm sorry, I forgot how to read sarcasm
1	Ben Affleck would have made a better Superman
0	It seems very interesting, but I will postpone further judgement until the first reviews come out.
0	Two has the best soundtrack though. Shit is the bomb.
0	Ok.  I was thinking in simpler terms I guess.
0	Unfortunately, Transformers will probably end up beating it.
0	Wolverine had that reaction because it did happen- but ONLY FOR HIM. He's the only one who remembers anything from that timeline except Xavier and any other telepaths who happen to read his mind.
0	I wonder if we'll ever have another film critic that you could consider a household name?
0	"That asshole hasn't gotten a dollar from me in years. He can shove his juvenile one-trick-pony shit up his and go sit in a dark room with Shyamalan. After all, he's the only ""big"" director worse than Shyamalan."
0	*whoosh*
0	Who might he be motion capping I wonder? Ultron, Vision or maybe some other announced character
0	Return of the Jedi Attack on the Ghastly Phantom
0	Star Wars:The Final Frontier
0	Can someone explain how he became so shitty. The Sixth Sense and Unbreakable are some of my all time favorite movies and I even liked Signs, but well now I'd probably watch a Michael Bay movie instead of Shamalamadingdong.
0	I finally watched the first two before Prometheus came out, well worth it.
0	I would hope the computer would not take liberties with translations when entering an access code.
0	Which in today's world doesn't matter as the original work is available online
1	Which *totally* worked.
0	But have you seen Moon (1994)?
1	Its such a shame we force woman into those roles. Its almost like they could just turn it down if they felt objectified.
1	OP doesnt want a straightforward answer. Put more thought into into it.
0	No in DoFP QS said that... Nightcrawler just stared at Mystique curiously.
0	Ephebophilia, not pedophilia.
0	You mean when his character farted every time he tried to do the evil laugh? I have relatives who thought that was good comedy. They are... not bright.
0	Still waiting for Mark Kermode's review.
0	He didn't say anything about the male rape scene, and you were just trying to start shit. It's a loaded question. It's not meek in the slightest, and it's either going to turn into a circlejerk or you're going to be mad at some dude's girlfriend on the internet.
0	'Jupiter Ascending' starring Teal, Orange and bad CGI.
0	I feel like X2 is by far the most solid X-Men movie, it's not the most entertaining movie, it's the one with the least flaws.
1	OMG, JAWS 19? How could I not have noticed that before?
0	I wasn't talking about quality, I was talking about box office returns.
0	"The X-Men historically have always appealed more to women and minorities than the average comic. Maybe she just appreciates the ""human rights for all"" message?"
0	Maybe LotR. Sauron never meets Frodo.
0	Jesus Camp.
0	What a horrible site. The web designer should be shot.
0	And Zombies before them.
0	Just because you don't like it doesn't make it true. The majority likes it, which is enough.
1	how dare you go aganist the reddit hivemind!
1	Difference being?
0	What's it called?
0	Get out.
0	That's a YP not an MP.
0	Please just give me cyborg superman so he can blow up coast city and give us a green lantern movie worth WATCHING!!!
0	It was ok at best. Main actor wasn't that great and the ending was lukewarm at best. Yes I know it ended before the manga, but if it followed the anime more it would have a fighting chance to be slightly above average.
0	Well, Affleck did a great Matt Murdock and a decent daredevil. Script killed that movie.
0	No, it was a Dragon Ball not Dragon Ball Z movie.
0	I saw it as a kid and thought it was pretty cool. Probably not so much anymore.
0	nice try MPAA. two people were actually caught recording during my screening :-/
0	Are you implying that the Dark Tower would be drawn like Spongebob?
1	You're right, they should just stop making the films as soon as they start getting successful.
0	But nothing was spoiled.
0	See you.
0	It's like a freaking Castlevania movie.
0	The Lives of Others (Das Leben der Anderen) (2008)
0	I don't know.
0	To be fair the posters they released didn't help. But the trailer was dope
0	I was thinking the same thing. Don't even mess with any real world setting. Fully animated would be fine with me.
0	Can we just nuke that shit hole of a country already?
1	Let it *go* Haley.
0	It was a little insulting listening to each character talk about how art is worth fighting for over and over again. If I didn't agree with that premise, I wouldn't have shelled out for a ticket.
0	-- the indomitable Elizabeth Taylor in *Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?*
1	Well obviously Normandy wasn't supposed to open a whole other front. Normandy was actually just an accident, all those troops were supposed to go to the Italian front and just landed a bit early. It's in books, I swear.
0	They want badass armor they shoulda done the movie about the Tank Destroyers. my grandfather was in a td batallion in africa and italy and that shit was crazy. they were fast and had the only guns that could drop a tiger tank but they had zero armor, not even a top on the turret.
0	...They're automatic AKs being fired by a bunch of morons.
0	Yes, finally we will get to see what Super Shredder can do without a pier falling on him two minutes after he becomes Super Shredder.
0	Exactly what I was thinking. He blended right in with hardy and the rest of the veteran actors on that crew.
0	You must be trolling. No one can be that dumb to think that's ok at work.
0	you know what, good for you.  Anyone who gives you crap about finding enjoyment in something can go straight to hell.
0	*This summer, Joel discovers his Seventh Sense: love.*
0	Or the German army having the ability to travel to the future and acquire M60 Patton tanks to fight Patton during WW2 in the movie Patton.
1	I didn't read the book. I like the movie that came out in theaters, but I enjoyed the NR version a lot more. Funny how trying to get a movie a PG-13 rating can take away from a story. Have to get those teenage dollars.
0	I'd say he was flatlining the entire time.
0	"Begging to be photoshopped as ""FURRY"""
1	Cool. Another WWII film.
0	Haha, I think he was talking about the haircut, but good job on the ID.
0	"But that's never going to happen, because people don't want ""discussion"", they want to see more of their own opinions."
1	Yeah because remakes suck all the time!
1	Because everyone's sense of humor needs to be the same
0	It's pretty much 90% innuendo
0	I would say Michael Haneke. Especially with The White Ribbon and Amour.
1	I'll bet the character has such a deep, interesting story
0	Yes clones count as actual people. They are independent entities and one even begs for its life before Jackman shoots it. From what I remember it was also Jackman's wife who wanted to use the other knot, so she would be partly responsible for her own death. So a grief stricken Jackman murders loads of his own clones and leaves an innocent man to be hanged.
0	He'd probably make it a brooding character study.
0	Really, just tell me Bill Hader and/or Amy Poehler is cast in some way of the film and I'm watching it.
0	There is a really odd Hobbit fanaticism on r/movies that I will never understand.
0	Why the hell are these movies so god damn long!
1	Yeah for Double Dipping!
0	Doesn't Drive also open with a long take?
0	Gravity too (obviously) wasn't one take, but I think the other commenter is right that what matters is its presentation and how seamless those cuts appear, which both movies manage quite well.
0	Didn't laugh? That's because it's not a comedy. It's more of a drama. There's some humor but it's definitely a drama. Check out Moonrise Kingdom or Life Aquatic. Very good films.
0	There's always a catch.
0	The only films that have disturbed me on a psychological level is Eraserhead and Inland Empire. I don't really count A Serbian Film or Irreversible, because they are pure shock value flicks.
0	I had the same issue with the books.  Seems to be missing resources that would be in the districts and doesn't make any sense.  Also the other failure is that your Einsteins could be born in a mining camp, you going to keep him a miner, or better yet let him fight to the death?
0	"Nope, there's ""witty one-liner, ""84 chain pun thread"", then thirdly comes the accurate, well written response."
0	The amount of enemy combatants was probably exaggerated, but they were all shot and hit by shrapnel multiple times. There are countless examples through modern military history of soldiers taking multiple grievous injuries yet still continuing to fight. It may seem like an action or war movie cliche, but it is very much a real thing that happens.
0	Knew that before I saw it, saw it anyway.
0	Glad it wasn't figuratively
0	I still think the werewolves are some of the coolest I've ever seen on screen.
0	I was wondering why your comment was so circle-jerky. I dun been got.
0	depressing as hell.
0	How can it be a great trilogy with a sub par script and annoying characters?
0	I don't have a Blu-ray player for one and you can't get just DVD on some movies today.
0	From my point of view, both are true!
1	Thank you. Thank you for that.
0	Isn't James dead?? Why release the dead man's work and make profit from corpse???
0	"Yeah I was like ""What the fuck this got reposted in under a week"""
1	he was eye raping that camera, this is why we need feminism
0	Deal.  PM me for my PayPal info.
0	It is a little gorey, but not too much.
0	None because I'm not a fucking hipster?  There is literally no reason to be that way unless it just crushes you to not be unique.
0	It's because there are marketing schils on here.
1	Too lazy to draw the roof huh?
0	Requiem for a Dream is a film you'll probably only watch once, (and let me quickly pre-empt the idiots who say this is just a bandwagon comment - I would never ever want to watch that film again) but I full recommend you watch it the once. Excellent, but quite harrowing film.
0	I think going to the actual set where they filmed the movie is way cooler, personally.
0	Threads
0	Magic is totally an answer. I stay interested in Lost, even on my current 4th reviewing, because I'm invested in the characters.
0	Come on now, this isn't joss whedon we are taking about
0	A trilogy of trilogies.
0	I started to watch lost when it ended. Binge watched it the summer of 2010(11) on hulu and stopped watching it two episodes from the series finale. I think I just stopped caring about the show and the characters.
0	It's currently -2 ups,  0 downs. That's only because reddit made the downs not count.
1	Fuck your opinion!
0	It was like a 20 minute old comment at the time too.
0	Why do you think so? This isn't meant to be fine art.
0	Where's his iron man suit?
0	Well it sure isn't AP.
0	This was actually extremely helpful. Thank you!
0	"Needs a caption; ""Checkmate Creationists"""
0	Good man.
0	How about celery man?
0	**NEVVVEERRRRRRR!!**
1	SPOILER ALERT!!
0	"[If you watch the film closely enough] (#s ""there are clues to suggest he might not be insane - the cigarettes are laced, the ""migraine"" tablets are in fact psychedelics or in some way debilitating... the biggest point of contention is the lighthouse. There are two lighthouses on the island: the one he enters, and another one we only see once at the start - the lobotomy lighthouse? You decide."") I'm not saying that's the case, but there is room for argument on either side."
0	I enjoyed it but you could see the twist coming from a mile away. I figured it out just by watching the trailer. The interesting part for me, however, was trying to piece all the details together in a way that made sense.
0	Accept no substitutes.
0	Many considered Irish just as or even lower than blacks, Irish were also slaves way back when. Thus there was intermingling, marrying etc it's where black people get freckles and red hair.
0	This is true in the US but maybe OP is from a different country that has it on Netflix. I know for a fact Community is on Canadian Netflix but Hulu has exclusive rights to stream it in the US
0	He's definitely not Bronson/Bane big but he's got some heft in Inception. He fills his suit well.
0	Death to ming!
0	In Feige I trust.
0	"I'm not sure I agree. I think half of what makes the Joker Batman's greatest villain (in the Nolan series specifically), is that, unlike Rahs Al Ghul and Bane, we aren't bogged down by backstory, by ""justification"" for their evil deeds. There's no drive to have the audience ""understand"" the Joker on any deeper level.  Hell, the man himself suggests that there is no deeper level to him at all (though, as with much of what he says, there's likely a lot of fiction to that).  The Joker is much more vivid than Batman's other rogues because he seems to come from nowhere, and therefore can be anything -- the conflicting stories of how he got the scars is proof positive of that intent."
0	"Reminds me of an old Doug Benson joke, where he was watching Kill Bill on TV. The censored line went, ""My name is Buck, and I like to party."" He suggested that they shouldve changed his name to Marty."
0	Alcoholics say and do stupid shit a lot. He still is and always was a very talented actor.
0	Isn't that exactly what most sex comedies are about? Perverted losers chasing tail? I mean, Sex Drive 1&amp;2, Road Trip, the various American Pie movies... That's pretty much the theme.
0	I wish this show was still on
1	Clearly if he'd used Bach or Chopin it wouldn't have been dated.
0	Red Swingline Staplers are about 4x the price of any other color. I'm assuming this is due to their demand.
0	aye, but so many times it irons out spills and the such
0	Toss some mesquite, hickory and cherry on at once and you won't know if you're crying from joy or smoke in your eyes.
1	Agreed just secure the top.  Does the scene show all 4 sides begin very secure, they might have to be for the rock to rip right through it, it may need to be taut. Any physics experts in the house
0	\*proceeds to take off coat and then elbow drop it
0	haha
0	You can cuss on the internet.
0	"So, Moses in ""Prince of Egypt?"""
1	Cool. What kind of Skull Candy headphones do you have!?
0	He didn't want to be type casts as a strong guy that doesn't speak much. Also, who doesn't want to be a king?
1	Nah they could just have him stand in the same spot for several weeks, it's simple!
0	I just want it to be used when it works for the movie. Godzilla, Gravity, etc. Don't just use it for every blockbuster you can make.
1	you mean the computer doesn't do everything automagically?
0	MPC
1	But only 90s kids will get it.
0	"Didn't ""Do a barrel roll!"", make it into one of the Transformer movies from that time?"
0	"Ok, i was thinking that ""lightning based super powers"" is a bit too inaccurate... but then again, i haven't read much New 52, so i have no idea what they did to him besides the suit."
1	yes obviously
0	It's so extremely intentional, you dumbass. It's meant to show that the camera is an unreliable narrator, and that what you see on screen isn't necessarily real.
0	I loved the guy in stargate atlantis!
1	An incoherent racist? What a surprise! I thought racists were typically highly educated, weird.
0	Seems like you don't know much, then.
0	I admire your bravery.
0	A good article, but, like I said in my comment, I don't think that was too far fetched at all. In fact, I'd say it's rather spoon fed to the audience. I liked the film a whole lot, but it felt too contrived to scratch that itch, you know? I'll pm you the review when I'm on my PC, on my phone at the moment. In simple words, Enemy could've harboured subtlety and tact instead of waving its flag where everyone can see it. Villeneuve's a good director, Incendies is great and Prisoners was good. Enemy was good, but he suffers from the same problem as many: exposition.
0	I'll buy that for a dollar.
0	None !! All movies were a product of their time. Remasterizing or true re-imagining (specially to what applies to novels eg: I Am Legend) in a highly uncreative Hollywood are better welcomed than simple *bells and whistles* remakes
0	He's in his death bed. So that's a no.
0	I never really considered GoW to be a horror game. And while I enjoyed them, it has only an ok story or at least the story can't overcome the stereotypical characters.
0	Same here.Pt 3 ended on a high.Not sure how they are going to one-up that movie.
0	The first time I saw it in the theaters and my friends and I made fun of it and just kind of snickered in the back of the theater. Next time I saw it with my girlfriend and she thought it was lame but it fucking scared the shit out of me. Especially because animals would sometimes get in to the attic space above my bedroom at the time and it sounded just like that demon stepping on the ceiling.
0	i don't want to say i'm glad anyone's dead, but he was so far out of reality that it seems like he's so much better off now.
0	No, I edited it with the correct quote. I had it wrong.
0	You won't regret it. Its one of my favorite shows from the past few years. I discovered it just after it was cancelled sadly. Oh well, its all on netflix now.
0	The cartoon is only part of the canon. Most of it was fleshed out in the comics. But yes, I wish that the movies were about the evil Deceptions attempting to subjugate humanity for the purpose of exploiting their labour and harvesting a nonrenewable energy source. Escalation of technology with drones, combiners, and pretenders could have all been critical developments in the war between the factions but instead they're casually included as pitiful homages. Transformers are spiritual beings but that's completely discarded. So much material for truly rich and interesting plots has been misused and bastardised to the point that the current movie series is totally unsalvageable for the purpose of meaningful storytelling. I mean, the Autobots could at least give humans shit for not granting freedom to all sentient beings.
0	"""Leaked""."
0	Berberian Sound Studio is fantastic. I hope you've watched a few giallo films!
0	Session 9 is fucking great, good call.
0	Great film.
0	Dunno, but there's some serious Benicio del Toro going on in that second row.
1	Oh yeah, this is great
0	Fuck whoever downvoted you, that's awesome.
0	"I like that even Mamoa cant see himself as Aquaman. Yet all the comments on that site are like; ""bad ass!"" Because nothings more synonymous with bad-ass than Aquaman!"
0	How about you actually go read up on Aquaman, he is one of the most intriguing DC characters they've got.
0	What made his performance in Jumper so bad? I thought it was okay
0	I dont necessarily disagree, but I would say that the underlying idea present in most SF is what all those things do to us - how space travel affects how we live and relate to each other, how ET life (or robotic life) makes us revise our definition of human.
0	She did look happy in the original pic though, Stephen looked a bit grumpy if I recall.
0	Thank you for having an open mind. There are TONS of great Indian movies if you are willing to look.
0	The Seventh Seal was my intro to him, a classic that should be watched regardless.  From there I moved to Wild Strawberries and then Persona.  I really like Scene from a Marriage, but it's super long.
1	Oh yes, you know more about India than everybody else in thread. I was born and raised there and lived 16 years of my life in that country. I certainly don't know anything about India.
0	I have absolutely no idea, but it's pretty funny.
0	Rolling under the truck had me laughing my ass off in the theater. That was amazing.
0	Attorney at law I hope
0	Buddy I think you got a bee in Your bonnet
1	Yeah, it's a really underused and underplayed song.
0	Its on Amazon prime.
0	I think that they noticed.
1	Oh wow, exotic featured woman in unusual clothing. Never seen *that* before.
1	Please Hollywood...make the actresses a little more whiter and a little more blue eyed... you don't do that enough.
0	He was talkin' shit, we put a clap into that boy
0	That wasn't exciting. Why did you lie to me? :(
1	Wow.  On the edge of my seat after viewing those pics.
0	Those were both okay....Ironman 3 was garbage. A bunch of shitty ironman suits, and tony stark acting like a bitch.
0	Oh man, I'd love to see someone re-edit the trailer with Birdman footage.
0	Iron Man 3: The Search for Santa
0	That one is in much better condition and is priced at $10,000. It's not worth $10,000 unless someone is willing to buy it.
0	"Excellent choice!  The preceding bit really sets it up too - ""I thought I'd found a good excuse - all that stuff about a pastor's reputation.  But you didn't bite and I understand that, since it was a pack of lies.."" And then he looks straight at the camera for the 'I don't want you' bit - cracking stuff!"
0	Judging by the Mel Gibson apologists that have come out in droves here, I'd say it's a significant portion, and probably most of this sub. And judging by those who've basically come out to support Singer and attack the victims, this sub is a disgusting and despicable place.
1	Oh good. So one of the plot points that we think is there will never happen at all
0	Or Fortunate Son
0	ITT: filthy casuals (myself included)
0	Being a dick is acceptable.  Being a bigot is not.
0	"Man, you'd do a lot better if you aimed for something other than ""insecurities."" What the bloody hell does that even mean. You haven't even defended his films in any way, you've just said ""people like them, anything people like is good."" That's not an argument. I've pointed out numerous flaws, and then you say ""Those aren't flaws because I don't care about quality!"" Nice work."
1	One of the most well constructed arguments I've ever read
0	Cringe worthy? This is gold
0	Maybe not technically, but we all know he could easily do it.   It's his after all.
0	That's right- mindlessly consume the re-hashing of your favorite movies.  I hear they're working on Indiana Jones 5- I'll see you there!
0	Ooh dat 90s trailer voice.
0	The Vampire one you're referring to is From Dusk 'Til Dawn, and it was directed by Robert Rodriguez (Quentin Tarantino only starred in it). Also, try out True Romance. Tarantino wrote it, but didn't direct. Christian Slater as the lead is a little awkward, but Gary Oldman, James Gandolfini, Christopher Walken, and Brad Pitt make up for it.
0	God no. The whole movie would turn into a Depp vehicle where he wears a stupid hat and talks like a drunken Irishman.
0	MIB 3 wasn't bad:(
0	Meanwhile Micheal Bay Transformers keep making $1billion every damn time they shit out a turd .
0	No Kidding. I loved Pi and Requiem but never thought to track down their scores. So much great music all of a sudden that I never knew was the same person. I haven't been so impressed since I realized Hans Zimmer did so many of my other favorite scores.
0	This wins the award for most disappointing top post
0	Who's the woman to the far left?
0	Stephen Hillenburg is coming back for the movie
0	More people need to see this so they understand why wild wild west is not a great movie.
0	"I can just picture Victor Fleming swiping her hand away from the cake yelling ""And you can't have any because you're *fat*."""
0	Or the beginning for that matter.  I know we like to diss the military but it would pretty definitively not work that way.
0	Gladiator.
0	"If you're craving another foreign film I really recommend ""Let The Right One In""!"
0	"Look's a little too ""The-Thing""-y, but for a movie made on a Kickstarter budget and boasting entirely practical creature effects, I'm there. I hope they show us the monster instead of just hiding it!"
0	\*shrugs\*  If only one person is inspired to look up Bentham or Mill, then it was not wasted.
0	Had nothing to do with Megan Fox, IMO.
0	Man, that'd be great.
1	What do you have against Tom Hanks?
0	I think it's decent, but it can be pretty stupid at parts. I also don't care for Julia Roberts as Tinkerbell.
0	Maybe the Europeans can isolate his personal life from his artistic skill. Also, European media is a lot kinder to Cruise than American media. Tom Cruise's recent sci fi movies have been way better than their American reviews indicated.
0	That is actually one of the funniest lines in the movie. I love it
0	As a miserably cheap bastard I have gone to torrenting all the media I want.
0	As someone who didnt like LiT that much,is there any chance that I'll like her other movies?
0	Absolutely, I think the movie will do good business but not because Parks and Rec fans want to see Chris Pratt in a summer blockbuster.
0	Yeah, there should have been a top spinning on the table, too.
1	Nah, that and The Dark Knight Rises are some of the worst films ever made, that's what Reddit told me, and Reddit is always right.
0	One of my favorites. The best parts happened within the canyon with just Franco.
0	I love Chronicle.
0	I've been drinking green tea all goddamn day!
0	I loved it. There's plenty of truly shit movies released every year, you'd have to be both blind and deaf to not see the craftsmanship that went in to PR.
0	Funny Games comes to mind. Single location except for two shots which are both very close to the house.
0	I don't get why everyone thinks I disagree with those statements.
0	I'm glad to see 12 Angry Men on the list. Fantastic movie.
0	Did I say Memento was bad or not an achievement? Memento was made for $5 million which is nothing compared to a $150 million movie that was supposed to resurrect the Batman franchise.
0	There is also the very real risk that essential witnesses may not come forwards (for either side) when they don't know who is involved in a case and therefore don't know they may hold essential information (such as providing an alibi or having seen the suspect at the scene of the crime).
0	Innocent until proven guilty. Are you suggesting the word of a 13 year old be considered 100% proven, undeniable fact? Or that it's impossible to get a 13 year old girl to lie?
0	I saw one a few months ago. First one I only saw in the US outside of a car show.
0	I really love James McAvoy. I think he is a wonderful actor but his character in Wanted was so fucking annoying that I refused to see any film with him in it until Xmen first class came out, and I had no choice but to watch it.... Because I love Xmen. Now I think he's the tits.
0	It has actually been updated. Now if you press a spoiler text it pops up. I'm honestly not sure of how it was before because I've only recently started using it but it has worked great for me so far.
0	Yeah but also look at something like Iron Man 2. They're rumors that they also forced Favreau to include more MCU elements into the story and it didn't turn out all that well. I still think you can make a film in the MCU with only subtle references.
0	I didn't personally notice anything particularly odd about the heights in the  painting.
0	It's tunnels all the way up.
1	But it's okay to make fun of Tom Cruise because he's a successful actor.
0	Are you sure they were laughing at his height?
0	Yeah, that's not a crack about his dwarfism though.
1	I can tell by the pixels!
0	Hey, do you want to gang up and make fun of him together instead of apologizing?
0	Real or fake?
0	Science is anything we want it to be
0	yes.
0	YOU ARE ALL DELIBERATE INSIDERS!
0	There's beards and then there's Zach Galifanakis beards.
0	I kinda want this to be a subreddit, but I have a feeling it would get repetitive rather quickly.
1	Apparently the German soldier was speaking Czech, a language us Brits are very familiar with.
0	I thought they were both just awesome. Gyllenhaal was the icy cold (pensive, thoughtful), whereas Jackman was the fiery hot (anger/rage). There was a good duality between the two throughout the film.
0	That is a terrible title.
0	I really must agree, I appreciated the movie a lot more after a second viewing. Since you know the plot you can see all the little details and connections that were missed the first time through.
0	November 14th.
0	I hated Basterds, but I actually liked Django, and they're essentially the same movie.
0	I know it's pretty, but I didn't take it out for air.
0	The only really good thing The Walking Dead spawned are the Telltale games.
1	No no no. Didn't you read? The blue animals are the wildlife. Wildlife can't feel like people can.
0	Did this movie involve a man looking for a little girl who was the Antichrist, by any chance?
0	I haven't seen it but I kinda wish they did a Fargo thing where they told a new story with the same setting and a similar tone and themes.
0	"Why does reddit love to take popular and famous directors and say that they're ""underrated""?"
0	Fuck *you*. Don't you ever speak about the King that way.
0	Supposedly they started shooting at few weeks ago. The deadline was rumored to be September. I suspect there is a performance clause, so if it bombs, it will revert. I base this assumption on Ghost Rider rights reverting to Marvel less than a year after Spirit of Vengeance bombing.
0	lol, you're poor
0	So this really is a race to steal as many ideas from each other as possible.  At least Disney stole from itself for Maleficent.
0	Wait. Yes.
0	There's nothing wrong with thinking it, of course, but why mention it at all in a thread supposedly about best actresses? How they look shouldn't matter - it's about their acting talent, and bundling her looks with her worth as an actress is sends a message to those that read it that while good male actors are only good because they are good actors, good actresses are good partly because of their skill at acting and partly because of their looks.
0	You know I'm the first to decry Hollywood excess but I have a special place in my heart for the fast movies and the familia ethos. Maybe its because i saw the films with the right group of friends or something but I basically think I would continue to watch it as long as they make them. Even Cody being introduced as a new member of the crew if his acting okay I am happy to have him there just  as a reminder of Paul really. Maybe he hits a home run with it all too I hope
0	He looks just like my nephew, he's half Korean.
0	Little back story on the script written by Robert Towne - that's not his ending, but one that Polanski actually wanted to shoot over the happy ending in the original script. It's widely considered a brilliant piece of writing, but I like Polanski's ending better.
0	Now what they need to do is clip it back together in script order with the correct words, but the wrong scenes.
1	Looks like a doctor needs to diagnose him with ADHD and prescribe him adderall to deal with his inability to stay focus. Crazy how many kids go untreated for this
0	You're welcome! Like I said, it's not a great movie by any means, but it's a lot of fun and the powers used in the film are pretty damn cool.
1	Nope just 3 hours of lesbians fucking
0	thanos
0	That's one way to waste your life.
0	Jumper
0	How to Train Your Dragon was amazing in 3D IMAX.
0	Damn I still hear that song when I go into some fast food restaurants. It's been dying down, but when I first arrived at the end of February, it was still going full swing. It was like every time I was out I heard a Frozen song playing somewhere.
0	"I meant more the whole ""the book was better than the movie"" attitude in general. A lot of times the book isn't better than the movie. Pretentious people will still say it is to sound smart. It's one of those platitudes that people get away with because many people just assume that books are somehow an inherently superior medium."
0	Dragonball Evolution. Holy. Shit.
0	I haven't seen this since I was like fourteen but doesn't it have like super fucked up and anti-gay undertones?
1	Everybody on reddit is a scumbag except me.
0	And Adam McKay.
0	I think I'm the only one who really disliked TS3.
0	It's proportioned to be looked up at, not head on.
0	I get giddy like a school boy whenever I hear the original Robocop theme song. Like, somewhere some bully is about to their asses handed to 'em.
0	Yes, all the classy films and establishments.
1	Great, now Detroit can finally get back on track. I'm glad to see them getting the break they so desperately needed
0	*TORAAAABISUUUUU
0	Have a drink bro. It'll be alright. They were just making jokes.
0	Sorry but how would you do the opening of three without CGI? all of the large battles would have looked ridiculous without CGI, just look at the walkers on Hoth.
0	9/11
0	"The fucking music/noise for that movie embodied the word ""creepy."""
0	Nah, she usually gives great performances (IMO). American Hustle, The Fighter, Her, Doubt, etc. I even loved her in The Muppets and Enchanted.
0	ty
0	I'm down. Red State was/is a pretty good movie and it was a nice departure from his usual stuff.
1	Great. I can't wait to see how he ties the Snowden saga to Vietnam.
0	but why
0	And being blonde and having a three-syllable last name ______er
0	Then don't fucking watch it
0	He has such a huge filmography-it would be really tough to like all his works
0	I have a feeling this movie will have a shit ton of leaks and you're probably going to be able to peace the whole thing together by the time its out.
0	It will blow your mind there is an mid air airplane high jack move, a prisoner transport scene and a drug mixing large scale scene all with a similar feel to begins, dark knight, and dkr.
0	Alienses
0	"You really can't prove it isn't a bubble, like we can't prove that it is. Just because someone doesn't know WHEN they will become less profitable doesn't mean it isn't a bubble. Most people calling it a bubble, myself included, believe there will be a ""pop"" phase where a studio(s) suffers massive losses on superhero movies"
0	This looks very interesting. I recently saw The Holy Mountain and was greatly impressed by it. Hopefully this will play somewhere by my town.
1	OP chose a difficult decade.
0	NOBODY PASSES JOE VITERBO!
0	"""Can you fly, Bobby?"""
0	Passion, passion for the *younger* X-Men ;)
0	He was in 300? What the hell?
0	I don't blame them, I'm still a little salty that Fox owns Fantastic Four and X-Men. While I love what Fox has done with most of the X-Men films, I can't stand their Fantastic Four films and I have no interest in their new film.
0	"Who gets fucked in the ass in ""Wolf of Wall Street?"""
0	ARE YA READY TO GO CRAZY!!!!!111!!11!1!!
0	He also stood in for Thanos.
0	Well, you described me pretty well there.
0	Huh, yeah I forgot about that. The rating's are still good though, so I'm not sure what's going on.
0	"That's refreshing to hear. My mention of the tape player was that it's part of the character and his longing for his connection to Earth. Now if I can just hear the ""ooga chakka"" song without thinking of the Ally McBeal dancing baby, and all the other associations I have with the other music on the soundtrack."
0	Hateful Eight
0	jesus fucking shcirst
0	"I love the ""Do not litter"" sign on the Death Star just before Luke blows it to bits."
0	Because there are many talentless liberals on this site, so yeah, I'm sure they'd disagree. The Avengers was a shitty movie that doesn't deserve as much laud as other movies in the past 5-10 years
0	I loved Ghost Protocol. It's an example of a film being enjoyable not because it pushed any boundaries or explored anything new, but that it scratched an itch really well, in this case the itch for a corny, fun spy thriller.
0	That was really her first big role.
0	Oh you delicate child, you're missing a zero
0	I might be totally misremembering things, but I remember seeing a snake in Jurassic park and thinking something similar. Was there a snake in that movie?
0	I guess electrocution = electrical execution?
1	Kurt Russell? In a western??
0	Why is the scarecrow floating..?
1	I thought it was funny that they stopped right then, but c'mon.... it was meant to be a moderate amount of
0	That makes sense, but why do away with midnight showings altogether? This would be different (though still weird) if the showings were 7, 9, 10 and 12. Also, why not add a few after 12?
0	Brave felt like a movie that needed to span the world of the film, but it was all mostly either in a castle or the woods.
0	Eating nachos. I HATE mouth and eating noises and most movies dampen eating noises or make actors pretend to eat. Russell dug right into those bad boys and they zoomed in on him eating and accentuated the noise.
0	That actually kind of looks like how I would expect Tom Hardy to age.
0	Same, I heard other people bashing it but honestly there were a few funny part a in the trailer.
0	But wasn't it the same poster used in other markets, Just updated with the Australian release date?
0	Eric from Boy Meets World
0	All my yes. All of it.
0	Refrigerators are great at keeping food fresh but also at ensuring girlfriends stay dead in comics.
1	What about Jason Todd?
0	The Green Lantern 2
0	What about without a healing factor?
0	Seconded. This might actually get me into reading comic books.
0	The Amazing Spiderman should not have been an origin IMO.
0	Damnit! I really thought they were singing a song about telling Smaug to beat it out of Erebor!
0	Nope, he's more of a joint man.
1	What was wrong with the book? Never needed a film in the forest place!
1	Haha! Movies suck now amI right guys!?
0	Surprisingly this trailer captures what the world and characters I envisioned in the books pretty well! I look forward to it!
0	Ah, yes. Stay in that little box of yours and never try to be anything more. Sounds like an awesome attitude.
0	after how stupid the divergent trailers looked i wasn't expecting much from this but when i saw the trailer before planet of the apes i actually got excited for it.
1	Pfft, you're just not as broad-minded as him and don't have an elevated understanding of human societies. Pleb.
0	Others are saying it, not you.
0	I would imagine the role was cut down due to their inability to find someone to fit his shoes.
0	They converge on, beat the shit out of him and drag him off. There's like 10+ guys kicking him and beating him. To a person who doesn't look into it (like I didn't the first I saw it) it makes you wonder what happened afterward. Sadly I've seen more than my fair share of snuff films. Each time I watch this it brings me back to how i felt the first time I watched it.
1	I'm traveling to Brooklyn soon. I can't wait for the hipsters to tell me all about Hip-Hop and Nikes!
0	"He says ""Well, a ""double rainbow"" is a phenomenon of optics that displays a spectrum of light due to the sun shining on droplets of moisture in the atmosphere. Does that explain it?"""
1	Like he did in Dhoom 3.
0	We can't know for sure that the movie hasn't diverged from the book a little here! There's hope for a Smaug-Bombadil plot, folks!
0	Well of course, Rhodey isn't in a relationship with Pepper.
0	Probably because this is just a teaser trailer and music may not have been finalised yet.
1	That's exactly why we want it made into a movie. So we don't have to read it.
0	Surely the song of the Ainur is the defining chapter if we're going by anything that happened in the Silmarillion.  Unless you're excluding it for not taking place in Middle Earth (or for being too boring a choice).
1	OMG is Gandalf gonna die?
0	I think he is referring to the fact that 48fps can be a bit disconcerting at first; I certainly remember noticing it when I watched the first Hobbit film.
0	The opening shot in the 2nd Hobbit when the camera was hovering over Bree.
0	That is correct. The bitrate on the Blu-Rays is insanely high, which necessitates splitting the films. You can *easily* fit up to four hours of high-quality HD content on a single disc (look at any Sci-Fi TV series on Blu-Ray), so there is no question that it could have been physically done. I think Jackson really did it to give people a good spot for a pee break.
1	The producers will still lose money because you would have seen it twice.
0	I bet she holds out her arms, there is a giant white flash and then everything is destroyed.
0	"""Babes"" by the Icky Blossoms."
0	St. Trinians?
0	"i don't know.  I don't watch a lot of modern movies and was hoping for real insight.  One I do know of is Oh Brother Where Art Thou was the first to really use digital color grading. I was hoping for more stuff like that and not ""The killer takes their shoes off"".  MachineGunTeacher's post was ok though."
0	no i don't not!
1	HOW DID HE GET BACK TO GOTHAM???
0	Fair enough, his inner monologue consists of him speaking to the audience instead of to the other characters, which pushes the wall, not necessarily breaking it.
0	Well, it was specifically a backdoor login written in by the architect of the system who had root access and would thus be able to bypass such trivialities.
0	Yes, because Deadpool is less popular now?
0	In other words, when he gets angrier, he gets Hulkier. Which is entirely accurate.
0	I think Liam could pull it off.
0	Makes me wonder why they decided to nuke Australia.
0	that's the donnie yen monkey king which, i wont lie, was a very subpar movie.
0	"""I'm gonna ejaculate on the Declaration of Independence"""
0	I do web development and my desk looks similar to that when I'm working, it'll also have an android phone but it's not unrealistic to assume someone may have a work desk with a desktop, laptop, tablet and phone on it.
0	Ali. It was the only one I watched this week. It was my secomd viewing and I reallu emjoued it.
0	The stories for those 2 films *were* total vanilla. No doubt. But as trite as the characters and story were, both movies were effective. Notice I said **effective**. And as cringeworthy as the plots and characters for those 2 films are, I can watch those films and be entertained from the strictly cinematic experience.
0	I live and work in DC and I've never seen an internet cafe here.
0	They actually literally had fast motion in the 2nd movie. A lot of stuff was speed up if you watch some of the frames.
0	It would have been less insulting with a good beer.
0	Hmm. Dammit! Why can't they have a place here?!
0	Don't be silly Google Ultron had been out for a few years now.
0	Sure did.  First 20 minutes was amazing, and maybe collectively 20 minutes through the rest of the movie (actual Godzilla screen time) was great.  The rest was garbage.
0	Yup. This movie looks dark and grimy as hell. I have a feeling we're all gonna love it.
0	No that doesn't make sense...batman is seen as a villain in the eyes of the public. If anything, the government sends superman to take out 'the vigilante'
0	Are you kidding? Raimi's take was just as ham-fisted and embarrassing for anyone remotely near the NYC area.
0	ohhh god Tiana and Naveen both look like they're sculpted out of chocolate in that poster.
0	Douchebaggery.
1	Yeah animation is cheap.
0	She was ten.
0	An amazon.
0	"I loved his rage quit and his ""I've done this so much im getting bad at it again"""
0	I'd say they're about even. Marvel has Punisher, Carnage, Genosha, Death of Gwen Stacy, Civil War, and some other truly dark storylines.
0	I think that even if he had a ton of money he'd probably donate it away. He's had decent money before, when he was working as an enforcer in madripoor, but it doesn't ever really stick.
0	We're investigating the possibility.
0	Hard to be when you're constantly being attacked.
0	I drink your proteinshake.  I drink it up.
0	Blazing Saddles uses the n-word a lot to hilarious effect.
0	A title so good, I read it twice. King Ghidora hype: fully activated.
0	The glowing red eyes got me. That image always stands out when I think of Supes.
0	He and scarlet witch are allowed to be in both because  they were very involved with both xmen and avengers that the studios agreed to share
1	Child abuse!
0	Marvel has been known to throw LOTS of red herrings out there...I wouldn't be SO quick to all but come to conclusions, that's all i'm saying...although, let's be honest, it probably is.
0	It worries me that a lot of younger redditors might see 1984 as being as distant and alien as 1894.
1	It means he didn't like the movie. Right? Right everyone?
0	Honestly, The Thing looked like he should have in that movie.
0	I missed it too, that's some funny shit!
1	HE CHANGED HIS MIND LETS KILL THE FUCKER
0	Well I feel that they wouldn't work because in the first movie the apes are rising to power, they are becoming intelligent and the apes are finding their base, in the second one the apes are actually taking over the humans, its the beginning of the conquering of the country.
1	I'm calling it now: They're gonna make Ellie AND Sam older and then make Sam a love interest. 'Cause every movie needs a love story, right?
0	"Mortal Kombat was pretty faithful to the games.  Also, the explanation of how the ""kiss of death"" is fatal was interesting."
0	Buffalo, NY.  $10 for night showings, $8.50 for matinee.  Pretty much at all theaters (we mainly have AMC and Regal).
0	I'll join my friends here and mention I thought Pulp Fiction was a mildly entertaining black comedy. The fact that it's called sometimes called the best film ever makes me hate it though. It often seemed to be trying to get humor from being bad.
0	New York City.
1	I hope they're all CGI
0	Sounds amazing.
0	I'm not offended considering I'm quoting something else. Apparently something David Lynch talked about.
0	Only rumored to be in the running
0	HE IS A LEGEND!
0	"Did you watch the same show I did? Kaylee isn't ""cool and quirky and tough"", she is shy and vulnerable and awkward and unsure of herself."
1	The studio finally understand what we want to see promoted in a TMNT film!
0	Roman Polanski's period-piece love epic Tess. I was surprised by how engaging this film was, especially compared to the pacing of some of his other slow films like Chinatown and The Pianist. Truly incredible film, also the cinematography is drop dead gorgeous throughout the entire picture.
0	What was so bad a out *The Words*?  I thought it was an original plot done well.
0	They're both awesome movies.
1	I'm having flashbacks of raiding with bad Hunters in World of Warcraft. Thanks.
1	Yes, because we demand our sci-fi action movies to be realistic and scientifically accurate
1	Because it doesn't matter if the whole movie is shit so long as the last 30 seconds of a four minute fight are good!
0	This is obviously a reference to LSD and nothing else.
0	Dude. It is happening. Burt Macklin is just undercover as starlord.
1	Good to the see the fans value the studio who produced this movie and are respectful to the actors.
0	The price is wrong, bitch!
0	I don't know what to do with all this semen I just came into
0	some do. people are different. Most Girls are attracted to insane confidence.
0	Yeah undoubtably that is worse. They are similar though, bad music, weird children standing around, odd sexual tension, poor choreography and dialogue...But that catwoman scene is one of the worst scenes ever put on film.
0	If they made a Carol movie, then followed it with an Avengers movie based on the arc where she was the leader, I would buy all the tickets.
0	To be fair, the MCU wouldn't exist if not for Feige. But yeah, anytime a producer says something it always just makes him sound like a tool.
0	That would be sooo awesome.
0	Yeah I was disappointed in just how little Jet Li was in this one but the movie overall looked awesome in the parts I skimmed.
0	Jaime Pressly at her absolute *best*.
1	Good point, I mean james spader is universally known for his sultry feminine voice
0	So you saw this movie already and it destroyed something?
0	When I posted my review, I got flamed for not liking it. Wrong time for a negative review I guess?
0	Have you seen Ip Man 2 by any chance?
0	Not Medieval period
0	Did you just reply to a comment with a video with the same video?
0	Cut like three seconds at the end, change the music to some happy shit and you've got yourself the next best romcom trailer.
0	They should just completely ignore that WoW exists and continue a story from where 3 left off.
0	"It's a problem for comic book movies in general. Huge dark-ish ""main"" villains are common; think about how confused people are going to be between darkseid, thanos, and apocalypse."
0	"Agreed. Wow I didn't even think of the ""bondage toy"" marketing potential to be had here. Gross."
0	Either way that is still pretty unique to do for a mainstream release
0	LOVE that movie
0	It's crazy how excited we are for a movie that's going to come out in 2 years. Even if the movie sucks, it's going to make a ton of money, just based on the hype.
0	Objectively wrong answer. 0/10 thanks for playing.
0	I also just watched an advance of this.  I wish I didn't. Thumbs way down.  Great intro but failed to take advantage of what could have been.  I thought of 3 different plots on the subway ride home that would have been more compelling that what we ended up with.
0	Sounds like a serious case of nostalgia.
0	I'm reading through this and I feel like I had a stroke... I don't understand the words? Ninja and Yo Landi? What the hell is everyone talking about?
0	I couldn't be more okay with this. It's an opt-in system so this is perfect for anyone who wishes to watch online video without seeing some of the more objectionable content. It's always a great thing if more people receive services that best suit their needs and desires. It's when those services are forced upon the public that we have a problem.
1	yeah, they should go back to using the 60s batman as source material and re-cast adam west back as batman!
0	Cabin in the Woods is the only horror movie that I enjoyed watching.
0	I'm being cynical about it. I just think that the Hobbit movie could be so much more. A more down to earth, and contained film. I definitely never imagined it as a big blockbuster action movie.
0	YES! That movies was good. Kevin Bacon at his finest.
0	magic.  and hands.
1	Yeah. I can't even remember what The Avengers was about. Completely forgettable.
0	Fuck yes. This was terrible.
0	Regardless of whether or not that was a solid accent, that was one of my favorite performances of all time.
0	It's a problem because they're implying it's true, and its something that a LOT of people believe.  Maybe even most people.
0	What a contrived and nonsensical way to think of Reddit.
1	wow this is breaking news.
0	That's honesty right there.
0	With fava beans and a nice Chianti.
0	I heart huckabees. Waking life
0	What about us meddling kids?
1	Hurr no it's the lotr prequel
0	If hes playing Shazam doesn't that mean that he will only be in the movie during the heroic parts?  His character will actually be played by a boy... right?
0	dudes a Mimbo
0	"""I wonder if Lady Galadriel-chan will notice me?"""
0	Seeing as The Hobbit was a children's novel, I'm not surprised.
0	Nothing subliminal about it.  Also, isn't this just a rant on product placement?  In a 1990's movie?
0	OK, seriously, someone explain the fucking French class thing. I remember it in the movie but have no idea what that joke ever meant.
0	I think it was called Hemingway or some shit like that.
1	No, and fuck you for liking a movie that I hate!
0	He was born to play Black Adam
0	Thin Man - you'll instantly fall in love with Nick and Nora. Best Hollywood couple ever put on screen.
0	Is this the guy that does the art for the current Hellboy comics.
0	Is this kid not literally aang?
0	I was totally feeling like the movie was kinda going there with it, but for them to call it out like that, I cannot wait to see this. Looks like full points all around.
0	And Will Smith could have been a real prize fighter
0	Honestly I think we've really done zombies to death. Walking dead's managed to rise above all of the other junk but I think most people are pretty tired of zombies at this point.
0	The BluRay has commentary by a CERN physicist who assisted with the production and he spends the whole time explaining what is realistic and what is not, then explaining why he had to allow them to make exceptions in some places.
0	I did, and immediately got an article where she outright refuted the allegations.
0	Maybe there's a certain concentration needed.
1	To be fair I don't think he had final word on every shitty decision made on the series. The place was crawling with idiots and hacks. Most had just written some crappy episode in Felicity. Some went on to write masterpieces like Once upon a Time or Prometheus.
0	Can't Hardly Wait.
0	Not everyone on Reddit is under 20 years old.
0	The only thing in that movie worth seeing is Cameron Diaz.
1	ESPECIALLY
0	I'm not with you on the action, but the screenplay? Ick. Clark and Lois got together--why? Because its Clark and Lois. It was forced.
0	Agreed.  There was nothing I genuinely enjoyed about it.
0	This checks out. The current to top post is that batman begins is the best of the trilogy. You see that opinion constantly round here
1	aw yeah a trailer for a trailer soo pumped
0	Haven't seen this in so long and OH MY GOD the music is SUCH classic Spielberg adventure music.
0	Except for the part where they replaced all the gins with walkie-talkies.
0	I've always said the there are only two differences between The Hobbit movies and the Transformers movies. One is sci-fi, one is fantasy, one is too fast and the other is so slow as to be entropic.
0	Where he's holding onto the outside? Yeah...
1	The world may never know.
0	No one ever really listened to him anyway. It's like he was dead the whole movie.
0	He's my favorite but he has some bad movies out there. I haven't seen his latest but it seems like he's been making better movie choices now.
0	Mr. Freeze's face shot was actually pretty badass. It's a shame the Arnie version was such shit.
0	*Grat*-zie.
0	I'd say he played it perfectly in Four Rooms if you thought he was a tool.
0	I guarantee you Marvel knew what movie was coming out on that date when they announced it. Just like the dates they announced today, I guarantee you they know exactly what movies will be released when.
0	He was also a fuckin' creep in Nip/Tuck.
0	It was a crude caricature of Southern accents, the type of Southern accent people who never spent time in South assume We talk like. It was like listening to do an imitation of some some elses impression of a Southern accent. It's not like I am blaming an actor in Downton Abbey for not talking like a modern Brit. There are million better depictions across theater and film of Antebellum era accents. Leo is in theory a high profile enough actor that a decent voice coach could have fixed the issue.
0	But guys!  Listen!  Listen guys!  What if, now bear with me here, what if, we built a giiiant dome!  Yeah?
0	makes more sense
1	What? I loved After Birth!
0	"""They roll, baby.... They roll!"""
0	More like Incredible Hulk. That one's not even a sequel.
0	Are you serious? Say what you will about the quality of his work but Sandler is so much more successful than Dinklage that it's not even funny. Dinklage has been a household name for like three years because of a show on HBO, and Sandler has been a huge name since the early 90's. his films still make money too, he's in no need of being saved.
0	Technically speaking, the first movie wasn't bad until about half way through.  If they actually paid a proper company to do the FX and had a director with some balls it would of been alot better.
0	Looks pretty bad :/
1	How dare you be entertained or possibly like something like THIS. Gtfo.
0	I'm more interested in the complaints from people saying they couldn't follow the action because of how it was directed. The thing is, I had no problem understanding what was going on.
0	Surely you've seen Child's Play? A closet door doesn't stop dolls, only monsters (if properly shut. It is properly shut, isn't it?).
0	I've seen *12 Monkeys* over twenty times... This is the television program I'm talking about! :P
0	HBO's *Girls*...but they still utterly fail at anything resembling realism.
0	Saving Private Ryan
0	His Jim Morrison was spookily good too.
0	shit, lets remake rockford files first.
0	but Bacon.
1	Yeah I know right, Kick-ass and 300 had the exact same story.
0	Why would they do anything? The MCU and comic universe are completely separate.
0	I **love** Intolerable Cruelty. I cannot fathom why people hate it. It's brilliant.
0	I'm pretty sure you're recognizing the Mercedes body, the chassis it's sitting on is from an 18 wheeler.
0	And painful.  Ya know, from being broken.
0	This kind of already happened in the 30s-40s as there were many crossover films with the Universal monsters at the time.
1	It looks like a cartoon!
0	Keira has a solid accent
0	I think it is a good movie but I personally didn't like how Joker stole the show, lack of emotional depth and detective work of Batman.
0	Who is this supposed to be?
0	"He improved on their propulsion systems by upgrading the rotors to repulsors.  That's it.  Fury explains to Cap that ""after getting a close look at them himself"" Stark offered some improvements."
0	So I guess Iron Patriot's joining. Probably SHIELD mandated.
0	I disliked his Avengers costume as well. Felt the First Avenger, both Winter Soldier costumes and this new costume are all better.
0	I know that quote, can't think of where its from
0	I'm pretty sure in the third review Plinkett (the narrator of the reviews) mentions that the first three films should had followed Obi-Wan. I think he also suggests that character of Qui-Gon-Gin be eliminated/rolled into Obi-Wan's character.
0	I liked the stunt where Chan got sent to the ovens.
0	Tommy
0	"I still think with the canon addition of [Battle Of Gods spoilers](#s ""alternate realities with multiple Gods of Destruction like Bills, it would imply there are alternate versions of the Z Warriors too. Why couldn't one of those variations of the Z Warriors be villainous or evil? Have them destroy their version of Bills, use his power to somehow create a rift and come through to our reality and try to take over like they did their world. Would be incredible seeing Goku Vs. Goku along with the rest of the Z Warriors. They'd all be roughly the same strength so we'd get some amazing fights that everyone can be on equal power levels."")"
0	I bet you liked the Transformers movies too.
0	Hank is not the protagonist of Breaking Bad.
1	DAE USE MORE THAN 10% OF BRAIN LIKE ME?! I USE MORE BRAIN IM SMARTER!
0	Luc Besson hasn't directed a movie that hasn't been panned since the 90s.
0	I think it's a foreign concept to most people that anyone would find her either unattractive or not attractive enough to sustain an entire movie with looks alone. Acting ability doesn't really play into it.
0	Goku is for kids, vegeta has adult themes
0	"""The outline is done, let's make a movie!"""
0	Karl Urban was the highlight of that movie, man. Dude is just badass.
0	Wouldn't commenting on how stupid his comment be even stupider, then?
0	Of course. It's not for everyone. But my problem is when people deny it has any merit. When it does.
0	In recent memory. Skyfall.
0	im pretty sure Saving Private Ryan WAS his break after Steven Spielberg saw him in some other movie and cast him. Somewhere online it says it, maybe on his IMDB i cant be sure.
0	I really hope they are planning on another one. I really loved the scenes between the Apes, Caesar and Koba especially.
0	Okay. You still have no idea what you're talking about.
0	so cool
0	Tumblr.
1	This movie isn't for your generation, not everything is about you GAWD
0	I'd buy that for a dollar.
0	I love it but I dont understand why theres all those languages on the front and the entire brochure is in English, they translated the least important thing.
1	SHEEPLE!
0	I'm pretty sure this movie takes place in a park that succeeded. Of course, something will probably go to shit
0	Actually I never saw the old movies, so I guess I don't really know what I'm talking about. I'll watch them when I get the chance.
0	Wait, he was playing an Australian character? I assumed he was raised in London and then had a massive chip on his shoulder because he was matched up with his estranged dad.
0	Alright, which one of his films do you suggest watching first?
0	Isn't this movie like 3 hours long. If so does it slow down at all during the film?
1	But THE ROCK!  Monsters!  Armies!  More half-assed CGI than you can shake a stick at!  An incredible Queens Of The Stone Age song that's been remixed to sound terrible and have absolutely nothing to do with the movie!  Brett Ratner!  IT'S GONNA BE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!
0	It was intended as a trilogy, so that's why it didn't happen. It almost looks like they changed direction sometime while making the movie. I think it was great until the last 30 minutes or so, where they start to do nonsencical shit for stupid reasons. But they're still breaking into a major facility.. almost as if they kept the setting and came up with some new ending for the now first movie of the trilogy.
0	Eh, you get the idea. You're watching the Terminator, not reading Hawking.
0	Actually, somehow the Eragon game was more enjoyable than the movie.
0	I also loved Salvation. Had plenty of faults, but was a good continuation of the story
0	When you factor in marketing costs and the fact that box office fraud means studios actually see very little of foreign gross revenue, not really.
0	Examples?
0	Calm down Jaden.
0	This one I don't doubt, her instagram is filled with pictures at clubs and with friends; a normal 18 year old.
0	It's only one small faction that does that.  And the rest of the wildlings don't even like those guys.
0	Ok.
1	Oh no, I hope he finds space for Ron Perlman in his other movies.
0	Same thing he always does, made a shitty movie that made billions on opening night.
0	Hahahaha Armond White WOULD bring the criticisms on him full circle and just start writing for a conservative shithole like the National Review. Something something Uncle Tom.
1	Damn, this could have been the fourth highest grossing Spiderman 3
0	It's the only movie I've seen in IMAX 3D. I'm so spoiled now, nothing will measure up to that when it comes to 3D movies.
0	She has apparantly seen this already, but adding it to my own list!
1	What about The Mystery Men though? It's a classic right?
0	"""Video is unlisted, be considerate before sharing"" - posts on Reddit. Heh, thanks for the video, always wondered how they did it."
0	He was good in Louie, the TV show, because he plays a parody of himself.
0	Technology is cyclical.
0	I've known not to for about 5 years now.
0	Yeah, there was at least heart in Jersey Girl that came from a real place. Cop Out was just messy.
0	Oddly enough it's also one of the most racially diverse blockbuster series. It's quite progressive in this respect given how whitewashed most of the big movies are.
0	I'm older than 15, and  it's not that I don't think Bill Murray is a great actor and a funny guy, I just have never adored actors in the same way people here adore Bill Murray.
0	Phillip Seymour Hoffman :'(
0	"""most expensive deleted scene, stunt at 2:30 will blow your mind"""
0	Oh man. I've never seen this movie but I definitely need to watch it. I don't ever remember Jackie Chan looking so young!
0	Already seen it in Japanese. It was pretty cool.
0	You think my conclusions are logical?
0	After seeing The Grand Budapest Hotel I have to agree with you. That movie elevated itself into my most favorite movies ever and it's all due to this man's obsession with crafting his full vision.
0	Congrats on giving the movie more publicity.
0	Young Goten and Trunks mean no Pan so win win for all.
0	Oh, I dunno. He could be being ironic since the movie he's reviewing has like a 94% on rotten tomatoes and an average rating of 8.4. He could be saying something about people who have sweeping generalizations of sequels and prequels or think that old ideas can't be relevant in a modern setting.
0	Yup. Android 18 still fine.
0	The dude can act though. I'm not surprised a lot of people want to work with him.
1	I for one will not be watching this smut for the same reason I didn't watch the hobbit. Things outside the realm of reality scare me!
1	You know how your mind is able to form and change ideas, it does that to the laws of physics at 100% power. Duh?
0	I didn't mind the movie (didn't hate it, didn't love it), but the trailer set people's expectations so high. It's got to be one of the best trailers I've ever seen.
0	... It's just a movie.  It doesn't owe the scientific community or education 100% factual information. It's for entertainment purposes only.  If you want to be entertained, watch the movie, if you're interested in understanding brain capacity, study it.
0	I 'm sure as fuck that I won't.
1	I felt the same way about Transformers. My car has never transformed.
0	Berzerk by Eminem.
0	That was on one of his foot days.
0	"""Well, I'm sorry the coen brothers dont direct the porn you watch Evan, they're kinda hard to get a hold of!"""
0	Wow, you sound sooo open-minded. I consider myself in no way a Christian, but even I can admit there are some fucking awesome stories in the Bible, just as there is in various other mythologies. Point is, lighten up.
0	the did i say avatar? i meant aliens, obviously. which would make no sense sense the war in iraq took place long after.
0	It's hilarious how often that happened in the actual stories.
0	Last I heard Zac was a candidate for the lead role.
0	Not heard anything about this movie until now.
0	Blu-Ray has it, I think.
1	I know! Where are the red pirate boots?
0	So you're telling me this movie isn't a documentary?
0	I feel the same way about Space Jam
0	The hype begins.
0	Needs more moon exploding dramatically behind characters.
0	He has no strings to hold him down
0	Yea, sometimes directors take advantage of that and keep asking for variations until they see the version they like. Which in turn gets the artists frustrated, tired, and over-worked.
1	Oh, I see... Judging by my post history, I am most clearly a shill.
0	If it is real, I like it.
0	mhhh so they should rather make a mediocre movie and market it to no end like Frozen?
0	It's really bad when you're excited for a movie, then you see the trailer and they spoil so much you almost don't need to watch the full movie anymore.
0	Well he's been dead for like 20 years so you don't have to worry about that.
1	Wow, the CGI in JP always looks so REAL! CG these days is crap.
0	I try but they won't let me.
1	Because your standard is THE standard
0	Is De Niro actually good in this?
0	Weird that the numbers have dropped and yet it still feels like we are oversaturated with comedies.
0	Thanks, apparently 10 other people somehow thought down voting would explain the reference better than linking.
1	You can tell this takes place in Romania because everyone has an English accent.
0	I honestly don't mind it...and then the rival meteorologists happen and it just ruins it for me. The idea is just wonky to me.
0	"Are you following along? Someone still has to do that in both systems. Who decides what number a single ""fuck"" gets? What if one movie says shit 100 times and fuck once, and another says shit 10 times and fuck 10 times?"
0	Euphoric.
0	Twister. nuff said,
0	It's just as common now as it was 30 yrs ago
0	About three seconds.
0	wat
0	I find it odd that they'd pick actors who have not appeared in any released feature films.
0	"That's what I thought. I know if you view them ""chronologically"" you just watch them in reverse order."
0	Agreed!
0	Believe it or not, a man acquiring HIV through sexual intercourse with an HIV positive woman is highly unlikely, like 1 in 1000.
0	Which reminds me of THE LOVE GURU starring Mike Myers and Sir Ben Kingsley.
1	Sage advice from a non-parent.
0	But water is never blessed in the movie.  The guy who wrote the fan theory just assumes the daughter is holy.  This theory is just writing in what isn't in the film to explain what made no sense in the script.
0	"""Terrance and Phillip in, Asses of Fire!"""
0	What about a system where each category (blood, substance abuse, sex, violence, etc) earns a certain number of points, and the higher the number, the more restricted the game is? Certain categories would automatically earn a set level (like nudity), and a certain level if points would be restricted to those 17 and over?
0	On that note I've always despised the fact that The Breakfast Club was rated R. Seriously, it's a film that defines high school life and is the perfect film for people in that age group (and beyond, I might add), yet many can't (or at least couldn't) simply because it was R for language and the fact that they smoke some weed...rather typical for a bunch of high schoolers.
1	How dare you not recognize the underrated gems from the year of 1994? The year our lord and savior Quentopher Nolantino invented cinema. Fucking pleb.
0	The first really graphic scene (the dissection) is important because it establishes that you should be very afraid.
0	He has two good movies, two movies that started good and then fell apart, and the rest have been utter shit.
0	You don't think there are plenty of directors that use male characters as the default?
0	Wait hold the phone. You think THREE is the one of the Eva movies that has the weak stor--nevermind. We'll be here all night.
0	That's your loss, I guess.
0	Great film, but not anime though.
0	Oh darn.
0	i also did not capitalize.
0	Nah I think there's plenty of ways you could make it be great to set a movie in the Starcraft universe, but you couldn't simply just retell the entire story from the games, you'd have to narrow it down to maybe one person, or one squad, or one conflict or something like that.
0	I think I would just freeze. Then run away quickly before I did anything embarrassing.
0	I liked the film, but I was more impressed by Chris Evans and David Schwimmer.
0	You're good at this game
0	12 Boney Men
1	Ikr? He clearly just doesn't *get it*. He should stick to Transformers and other cash cow **shit** LOL!!
0	Regardless of how I feel about the movies, I like when hollywood professionals are honest.
0	No theme. You have free range.
0	Remember the movies we thought to be good when we were younger too? Hell. I found the Shumahcher Batmans enjoyable.
0	Thanks for the spoiler
0	By that Rgument they could have replaced all the actors with potatos. Looks bad? Whatever. It. Doesn't. Matter.
0	That's a fair counterpoint.  I was initially fine with it when I heard he wanted to 'extend' the movie.  There's a lot of content that is only briefly hinted at in the book (largely the Necromancer at Dol Guldur subplot) as well as some stuff in the appendices that would fit in well.  Plus, I think it really is a labor of love for Peter Jackson.  Just look at the physical transformation he goes through making these, he's certainly giving it his all. And this is the last Tolkien movie he's allowed to make, so he wants to try and prolong the time he has left.  Fair enough.  But yeah, when I saw what he actually did with the extended time...  I was a bit disappointing.
0	Ah man, and I liked that scene too.  It didn't feel overly forced because the Mumak is so large that I can realistically see someone as lithe and athletic as an elf being able to run around on it.
0	Doubtful, Ian Holm is in the first Hobbit.
0	You'd think so, huh? My kid ended up watching it when he was about 10 or 11. To this day it's one of his all-time favorites. Kids don't need to be coddled that much.
1	Fuck your opinion, downvoted!
0	And there was color, glorious color!
1	But yesterday we came to the conclusion that Disney can't make movies about non-hero main characters.
0	What movie is this line?
0	A female hand.
0	Is no one going to mention Gal Gadot as wonder woman?! Is Wonder Woman a spindly size zero now?
0	i didnt like the nano swarm either, and we saw very little transformations, i mean, the few transformations we saw were good ones, optimus in particular, but the nano swarm was a cheap plot device, also it wasnt clear as to what was able to definitely kill them, after all, if they are made of reconstructive particles, wouldnt they be able to just reconstruct themselves after getting destroyed? i mean, is not like they have a weakspot like the transformers have their Spark on their chest, these ones were shown to not have a spark, so for me, i dont see how they could die.
0	Cause that would have made more sense, are we honestly to believe that absolutely no major crime happened in Gotham for 8 years? Especially considering that as of the end of TDK the Chief of Police, DA, and the heads of the major crime syndicates are all dead, that's an incredible power vacuum.
0	I prefer Riddick as an antihero, Leon is cool but I (for some strange reason) really love how bad ass Riddick is. I really hope they can make Boba that awesome.
0	he uses his eyes and mirrors.
0	Last one was in Pittsburgh. It opened in Heinz field and the finale was outside of Carnegie Mellon. The bat symbol lights up the 6th street bridge.
1	Yeah, Zod would have just followed him and left the humans he was already killing alone if Supes left.
0	I'm assuming that's why she's asking about him drinking at the end of the trailer: unless it's from earlier in the film, I'd assume he has some sort of disease brought upon him from his lifestyle as we see him in a hospital in a wheelchair.
0	Might have gotten word that there's another tentpole eyeing that window. Not a Marvel movie (Avengers 2 is May), but something.
0	It's probably because there's so much of it. They don't know what they should keep and use and what they should throw away. It's much simpler if they just throw everything out.
0	Wasn't that kinda the whole point though? They were supposed to be these incredibly alien things.
0	You're doing god's work son.
0	It is one of the best movies I've seen, but I have no interest to watch it any time soon.  It is honestly depressing.  You leave that one feeling hopeless and depressed, and that is EXACTLY what they were going for.
1	But it worked so well for Disney's Maleficent!
0	30 years ago was a different time.
0	If you base it on the films, he's terrible.
0	God that speech is so cringeworthy.
1	Ofcourse you are.
0	YOU WERE ONLY SUPPOSED TO BLOW THE DOORS
0	Agreed, that scene and the use of the song are forever linked in my mind now.
0	Those two actors.. I could watch them just sit and talk to each other for hours if the story was about nothing else. Just beautiful.
0	Shoot... this one sounds so familiar.
0	and yet, she is clearly white in the anime series, just as I said in my OP.
0	I dunno.  To me that's kind of like saying Slumdog Millionaire would've been just as good with Joseph Gordon Levitt.
0	Welp, you just advertised this to me better than any trailer could. Now I want this.
0	They recently adopted a little boy, and I get to play doting uncle now.
1	God is an American, obviously. Why else do you think we're #1?
1	The line to boycott this movie for historical inaccuracies starts here
0	Or Abraham, Jacob/Israel, Peter, or Samuel.
0	I know what we need: Another movie set in the Middle East, or Roman Empire, where everyone is ethnically white, and speaking English with a modern-day London accent.
0	Any source that they did?
1	Fuck opinions, downvoted!
0	I'm aware of that.  I was comparing the films.
0	Long story short the us shoulda realized they're a bunch of crazy fucking brutes who have been fighting this stupid fucking religious war for as long as history has been recorded and we should have stayed the fuck out.
0	relegated\*
0	Only bad one was Ironman 2.
0	Tae Guk Gi: Brotherhood of War. South Korean movie that didn't skimp on action or a good story that may leave you in tears.
0	The Thing. Because The Thing.
0	Why do they drop content at all?
0	I seriously wanted the ending he had originally planned, with the angel of death coming and killing everyone.
0	How does one watch the movie from under 10 beds?
0	first time people try to follow the plot which is kind of all over the place. on subsequent viewings you get to concentrate on the characters more which are imo the strongest part of the movie.
0	"It looks like the rest of the comments understood the question as ""...not necessarily because of the perceived skills of the actor"""
0	Makes you wonder if the self-destruct was incapable of activating because it was never activated on the show.
0	Cant wait for those movies
0	"This one along with his speech right before they ride out too meet the Riders of Rohan are my faves besides Aragorns at the black gates. ""For Frodo..."""
0	You seen Les Miserables? Cuz she was heartbreakingly good in that movie.
0	For sure.  Insanity.
1	He didn't *miss*.  Han saw the laser coming and dodged.
0	And a red brick on the bottom of one foot as blood
0	kong-fu? Like spinning around and throwing barrels at plumbers?
0	Poor Israelis. My heart bleedings. Meanwhile in a cinema in Gaza....
1	Seriously. Thanks for ruining my childhood OP
0	Clearly you mean pretty big Marvel movie fan, like everyone is apparently these days, else you'd have known.
1	One of the real challenges of being an occupying army I guess. They have all my sympathy.
0	Do you support Israel's claim of land?
0	He's got Batman shit to do?
0	Glory to It.
1	And your significant-other/friends/family will see it for that same $15. Sounds like a stellar plan, sell it for to 4-8 people for the price of 1 movie ticket.
0	Also with his money problems he could be cheap to hire.
0	"Yellow font, orange background, black and white people. Something ""art housey"" confirmed."
0	I loved it. I have no shame.
0	I'm pretty sure furries exist because of her
0	It *would* make more sense if it was a separate Godzilla carcass that was frozen.  We're not exactly thawing living mammoths out of the Siberian Plateau.  Shits dead, yo.
0	Fair enough - I just had some other issues with that movie but there's no denying how great McAvoy and Fassbender are. But I think DoFP was so much further ahead than First Class.
0	Doesn't really qualify as original since each story was meant to be a sort of parody written in the style of a popular genre.  Familiar yet unoriginal characters and situations are used to frame a larger more significant story.
0	I can't watch Casino Royale. I know there's a good movie in there (likely the parts Paul Haggis didn't write), but the poker is SO badly represented, as a poker player it's painful to watch. It's absurd, illogical, cliched and just plain idiotic. It flat out ruined the film for me.
0	Godzilla portrays the monsters from a human perspective. We are always looking up at the monsters as we watched them rumble through recognizable landmarks. You always felt small because from the cameras perspective you are small, that in turn makes them feel huge. In Pacific Rim, the fights are largely shown from the Jaeger's perspective. All of the monsters seem relatively eye level and that looses a bunch of the size and scale. The viewer feels as big as the monsters on screen. You never really feel small like you do in Godzilla.
0	Ah shit...I meant Egyptian descent...or more correctly Arab descent.
0	Oh, yeah, I was just referring to cases where the third movie was better than the second movie.
0	Oh christ I hope not, TJ punisher was an OK movie but was like 50% punisher at the most.
1	Because the idea of getting interest back up in an actually entertaining cartoon franchise is stupid?
0	marvel bb pls gib us The Sentry
0	I hope they don't kill him off :( Maybe beat him to within an inch of his life. I like Rhodes and War Machine as a character.
0	Putting Christ back in Christmas? Really? In December it seems like every church puts out a bunch of mannequins dressed as ancient desert nomads around a pile of hay with a baby doll in it and a bunch of tacky-as-fuck vegas-style flashy flash. What more does he want? You'd have to be high as a bird's dick to not notice how popular Baby Jesus is that whole goddamn month.
0	I didn't get that impression. I think Birdman is just that looming project from his past that the public won't allow him to let go. The play seems to be unrelated.
0	for movies like green lantern and kickass 2? lol good one
0	This makes me sad that there will be no Doom in the MCU :(
0	If I had to guess for him I'd say Days of Future Past, Dawn of the Planet of the Apes, and either Captain America 2 or Edge of Tomorrow.
0	Crank 2 wasn't awful, but IMO it feels like it misses what made the first one great. It takes the idea of non-stop action, and makes it a part of the plot with the whole adrenaline thing, while Crank 2 replaced that with electricity.
0	Haha nothing, just thought that when it comes to inspirations, something later would borrow from something earlier.
0	That's making the assumption that humans have not evolved at all since the engineer 'engineered' us. The first humans do not have the same DNA as the current ones.
1	No, it's totally okay, because they WANTED to be in the movie. They saw Cannibal Holocaust and LAUGHED, which makes it totally non-exploitive!
0	My god that is fucking gold
0	I'm not going to whoosh you...  But I'm not going to not whoosh you.  So this is what I'm going with.
0	Pull a Shyamalan.
1	Oh yay, Lee Daniels.
0	Way to be a condescending dick.  So if this show was so amazing where can I find the reruns today?
0	dat wilhelm scream @2:11
0	Yes.  The original outline story was written by Kip Thorne, a physicist whose most famous works involve the dynamics of wormholes.
0	Agreed. If you want to have your hero fight a monster that cannot be practically created, there is no alternative. You can't have Perseus fight Medusa, or Iron Man flying around a city street, without mixing the media. To have done what was done in the past any other way would have been even more jarring, and the sheer brilliance of the conception ultimately trumps the lack of reality.
0	No superheroes or comic tie ins? BORING!
0	That's not true. The Prequels actually invalidated pretty much everything the EU originally had to say about the Clone Wars. One of the problems hardcore EU fans had with the prequels was the fact that they created so many contradictions with their accepted lore.
1	how can someone that makes the X-men movies and holds pool parties for  young teen men (who are also the primary demographic for reddit) ever be considered a creep
0	The first book, even. Not the second one.
0	I have no sympathy for this idiot. He wasn't downloading the movie he was recording it in a theatre so he could then later sell it to other people and make a profit.  No matter what your opinions are on piracy this guy deserves to be punished.
0	Your opinion means a lot here.
0	My high school wrestling coach is in this movie! Any true wrestling fan knows the tragic story of Schultz and it is about time a movie was made about this story.
0	Agreed, however up until now he's really played the same thing in every single movie and TV show, a blathering idiot.
0	You are literally the first person I've seen who said they didn't like that movie.
0	That's why to this day, I appreciate the likes of Steve McQueen and Spike Lee who are helping to counteract the shite that Tyler puts out.
0	I want so badly for a Rainbow movie.
0	Yeah, it wouldn't technically be wrong to say that Britain won the Battle of Armageddon.
0	Ten years ago there would have been a timeline segment for 20 minutes of sad John Cusack.
1	Different strokes for different folks. You're only a douche if you think everyone who likes this movie deserves to die in a pile of lava. That should only be reserved for fans of *The Garbage Pail Kids Movie* or *Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen*.
0	Gaaay.
0	TIL it's more important for an actress to be visually stimulating than good at her job.
0	"Will Farrell's ""The Other Guys"""
0	DINO DNA!
0	RIP. We had a battered VHS copy of 10 Little Indians that I probably watched 20 times as a kid. I love him, and he will be missed.
0	A Captain must go down with his ship.
0	That could be why it isn't out yet though, maybe they're changing parts to translate better.
0	DAE realy hate the hobbit movies or am i the only one???
1	Consumers don't make content, why should they care!!
0	Same here for me.. watched it last night. That final hour was rough
1	You're part of the problem!
0	Because you don't have AdBlock.
0	It seems like most of the genius comic book authors from that era are. Alan Moore was pretty damned crazy too, but he wrote some great stories.
0	Yes, and a very very small percentage of them get super famous.
0	The star of the aforementioned movie.
0	*Ahem* it's pointed stick from SPACE, thank you very much.
0	Considering their population, they need to *stop* doing that.
0	Now this is a thing I can get behind. Too bad some of the rest of the cast has been fucked up.
0	Sympathy for Lady Vengeance.  Underneath, it's kind of a twisted and clever caper flick and the only movie in the trilogy I can keep going back and watching repeatedly simply because of how much I enjoy the characters.
0	Easily the two most recent Tarantino films (Inglorious Basterds and Django: Unchained). Both have great, albeit not unique, formulaic plots, amazing cinematography, and impeccable acting.
0	Hah. One of my favorites!
0	All the kids in Super 8.
0	I saw it years ago the first time I did acid. I liked it pretty well. Then we watched naked lunch, which I watched twice.
0	oh how ironic. this is the most pretentious comment i have ever seen
0	Nothing beats Pulp Fiction, but Her was probably the closest.
0	Why did you think Bryan Cranston was going to suck??
0	Tons of gay people have children. Good, healthy children.
1	Oh my goodness! Somebody forming their own fictional story!
0	What's her character name? I've never seen the movie
0	What counts more in a cameo, the suit or the person inside it, buzz killington?
0	I meant given up on doing serious movies. Of course he'll never stop making the schlocky type movies.
0	That's really interesting. I actually really love that. Both that it was shot just for the teaser, and that it made the final cut.
1	Srsly, why would a horror movie about cosmic horror need to be rated R?
0	You're legit.
1	That is insane! Not even a single mention of Kenny Loggins!!!
0	The short stories are some of the best fantasy IMO. I hope the film stays true to the lore
0	I doubt that they're all going to be remakes or reboots, or really that any of them will be. DC has a lot of superheroes who have never been in movies before.
0	lmao fucked up
0	The entire Dragon Rider sequence in Avatar was perfect imo. The rest of the movie on either end was flawed, but that one section in the middle was transcendent.
0	Anyone else feeling a bit randy?
0	That's scored though.
0	I agree, THRILLHO.
0	Compared to the show it's drek.
0	Don't forget Keanuian Gray.
1	Should've gotten him to play Tarantino's role. He does a better Australian accent in After Earth.
0	When is he going to be Robin?
0	You're a real downer man.
0	That was great.  Watched the whole 20 minutes.
0	Didn't they announce this a few months ago?
0	What movie is this?
1	Who do you think you are threatening someone like that? Huh?! A cop?
1	Yeah what a god awful fucking hack job.
0	Goyer. Dude is so hit or miss it's ridiculous.
0	I agree with you, but hell I'll take Sandman in any format they want to put out! And with this creative team? I'll be there opening night.
0	stahp
0	Please provide some info about what video this quote is from. It sounds funny.
0	No problem friend.
0	That makes no sense at all.  Where are they going to find a real Jar-Jar Binks?  Put a guy in a suit?
1	God damnit 90's, when will your obsession with dinosaurs end?
0	Brad Pitt and Tom Hanks are still A-Listers
0	Ah, the 90s. When creativity was still a thing for mainstream. Also, this shows why NLC, even with LoTR, died.
0	Neither?  It's just a thing, like many other things.
0	Top lel.
1	Yeah, that Joseph Gordon-Levitt sure is hitting a rough patch.
0	Or, by not sugarcoating things and having her learn from an early age that sex isn't a terrible taboo, or that drugs are a terrible thing (look at how fucked up Uncle Jay was, but now look how great he's doing sober), she has a great outlook on the world and is more well-adjusted than a lot of kids who grow up in Hollywood.
1	Yeah because a story about a man in an Iron suit, a norse God, a giant radioactive stack of green muscle, a modern day archer, a 1940s bioengineered superhuman, and Sexy spy fighting in skin tights and heels coming to save the world from an intergalactic being makes so much more sense.
0	And yet I would take the 90s over the modern constant stream of sequels, adaptations, and remakes.
0	I remember it well. Never watched it.
0	No, but the entire point here is that while it would be worth it for you to piss on your boss for 7 million, making this movie was not worth it for Whoopi Goldberg. This is something that she, without doubt, was worse off in the long run for doing. And she knew it at the time, which is why she wanted to get out of doing the movie. How much it would be worth it for you to piss on your boss for 7 million doesn't change that, and entirely ignores what is logically relevant to the discussion.
0	This made my day.
1	Yea we don't have buddy cop movies anymore, at all.
0	Closest thing is probably *Mars Attacks!*
0	How could you not suggest Moon? Everybody should see that movie. 3 times!
0	Same here, although it almost made the date better because we were completely awestruck with how fucking dreadful this film was!
0	I think you need to look up the definition of a comparision
0	I think he actually resembles Disney's Shere Khan.
0	"Of course, that character is named The Winter Soldier because of the poem, and the Viet Nam hearings are directly relevant to the movie itself, so the response to OP is ""yes, and more."""
0	He needs to be a good actor is what he needs.  Elba did a fantastic portrayal of Nelson Mandela, an african.
0	It is definitely one of those movies where people you talk too and people on the internet seem to differ. No one I know in person who actually went to see it disliked it.
0	Ah okay, my mistake.
1	Hey man, she forgave him just like any good victim go abuse should
1	Will Smith as an older BP who passes it on to Jayden
0	**Conflabbit!**
0	That.
1	but they lost their prophet Roberto Orci and are in limbo, what will they do with their future!
0	With Godzilla, and Dwayne Johnson fighting an earthquake. Lotta SF movies lately.
0	yep that's paul rudd
0	The Paradise Lost trilogy made me realize how lucky I am to have grown up where I did.
0	you know really what he means is that the weed he got off her was really good and he NEEDS that number.
0	Meh, I watched it anyway knowing it was going to be junk. Only thing that really disappointed me was the handling of the Dinobots. I support worthy sci-fi when I can, but Michael Bay produces the fast food of cinema.
0	"It's hard when she's given groan worthy lines like ""what if I have to tinkle?"" and ""I hear it all goes downhill after the first kiss""."
0	It's right up there with the political film *House of Cards*
0	Watch Vanilla Sky. Easily one of my top ten favorite movies.
0	GOAT title right here
0	I think it's actually a pretty cool title.
1	It's okay because it was a hot girl doing it to a guy. Girls can't rape guys, duh.
0	I prefer when they come up with the origin later. It's always better polished and a lot more emotionally investing that way.
0	"That's what I thought the first time I caught the trailer. I didn't see the Edge of Tomorrow part so at first I thought it was called ""Live Die Repeat"""
0	All You Need Is Kill is such an awesome title, that would have been better than Edge of Tomorrow.
0	They already said the Guardians will be meeting the Avengers and Avengers 3 seems like the obvious venue for that to happen, especially if it means teaming up against Thanos.
0	It's a mock poster of Nymph(I think).
0	I personally preferred it over the avengers (but I avoided the hype before hand).
0	Fun fact: the title is a DNA string of Nucleic acids... Guanine, Adenine, Thymine, Thymine, Adenine, Cytosine, Adenine.
0	Oh hello, everyone from 10 years ago.
0	That god damn slow motion scene in The Untouchables. You know the one.
0	The concept is horrible.
0	Nicely articulated.
0	"No, but he was in *The Birdcage* and so that makes him a ""fag enabler"". But it'll be nice to see them get glitterbombed in SF."
1	Yeah it totally should've been crispin glover!
0	Yessssss. Mark Hamill would make an excellent classic Joker.
0	That's some worldstar hip hop shit.
0	Everyone should check out this link and support you! If he gets 10k supporters on lego ideas it will be made into a real lego set! its already over a quarter of the way there!
0	This can more than easily work. All you have to do is have Strange reference his origin story inter-spliced with some very quick and compellingly shot visuals of him during said reference. A lot like how most cartoons/TV shows do it. Just a very brief glance at what brought him up to that point and everyone will get the gist of it. Takes maybe 10 minutes of screentime and then we get another hour and a half of pure Doctor Strange badass.
0	We'll get a HD one when the blu-ray comes out for sure.
0	You're right, that's not a movie.
0	Ahhh! I came to this thread to put Matt Frewer in there. Great actor.
0	Kaneda!!!!!!
0	"The goal in Hollywood is not to make ""edgy"" or even ""good"" films.  The goal is to make as much money as possible.  A PG-13 rating opens up a wider market and means more perspective money."
0	It's clear that after they cut it in the original they had repurposed some of the lines for the Greedo scene instead.  It just doesn't work any more since some of the lines are nearly identical.
0	So the terrible version then?
1	Oh, a random 90's movie that we should watch. I wonder if this panders to Robin Williams somehow. Oh, yeah, it's tucked away near the end. Neat. *upvotes furiously*
0	I'm guessing they did the ..... movie movies
0	Star Wars will always be a let down, because people's expectations are too high, It might become the highest grossing movie ever made, but people will still be complaining about how much it sucked even if it has 99% on RT
0	jack the ripper had pretty severe attacks
1	People praising a movie in a thread about the movie?! I'm going to ridicule them and over-exaggerate how obsessive they are!
0	When then they're not civilians :P
0	He was pretty awful in Django, but I thought most of his other cameos were good. He wasn't bad in From Dusk Til Dawn, either.
0	Bingo.
0	If you don't want information about highly anticipated upcoming movies then don't browse a forum about movies. And don't then click the very clearly labelled links and complain about seeing the content.
0	Yet Frank Herbert approved the script and generally liked it.  There are tons of pics of David and Frank together while the movie was in production and pre-production, generally looking happy.
1	Well if you used maybe 11% of your brain maybe you would get it
0	"I wouldn't call it ""very stupid"". It's a little bit more complex than the average action flick, but I agree with the second part of your comment 100%. I think that's where the brilliance of the film lies, honestly."
0	"I honestly didn't think that it was *that* bad given the context of the scene. Kinda like ""Are you fucking crazy?""."
1	Is this because 1, 2, and 3 were simply stellar?
0	I want a Rush Hour 4.  But not a Rush Hour 3 Rush Hour 4.
1	You heard the man, NOBODY COMPLAINED!
1	Is anybody not going to see this movie because of the blatant misconception that humans only use 10% of their brains?
0	Too old for people like you or I perhaps, but I have a feeling that when you take as good of care of your body as he does, that you could do those kinds of things for 10-15 years longer than most, if not more
1	because Rush Hour 3 was such a work of art
0	Isn't that just concept art?
0	Masturbation is a normal thing man
1	Can't wait to see Chris Tucker chiding someone over touching a black man's radio again!
0	dead presidents
0	Parents speak with thick accents, and a lot of Mandarin in the home.  They're more immersed in it than they are in non-accented English.
0	That's the best attitude to have for a big star when dealing with sequels.
0	so you're saying there's a chance
0	Don't forget about Aquaman. His only real flop.
0	The Empire spans nearly the entire galaxy and has trillions under its rule. One lost battle means little.
0	"I think he thinks ""science fiction"" is the same thing as ""non-fiction."" Don't tell him that Star Wars didn't happen. I wish I could live in a mind where that was a thing that happened."
0	Fun Fact: This is actually director James Gunn dancing. He recorded himself dancing as he wanted it to go, and they used it as a motion reference to map Groot's dancing to.
0	I wish the reddit movie discussions were still active after a week of being posted. If you're not in the country that the movie came out first in then you miss out on the discussion.
1	Cinema began in 1994 you pleb!
0	EU is just fanfic
0	"That's arguably the same thing, unless he literally meant ""what are the most faithful adaptations"", which is kind of redundant IMO."
0	Ya I was just pointing out that some storm troopers were still clones and they hadn't died out yet. 1/3 is a bit more than a few.  Now who knows if this holds true going forward with the new unified canon.
0	Thank you!
0	One of those better be Deadpool
0	cloverfield was multiple monsters.  Godzilla should have gotten a spot though.
0	Oh yeah! I remember now, I think that was the last one I saw.
0	Grand Moff Tarkin blew up a planet and killed billions.
0	Besides it was different sharks.  I don't think that counts.
0	But how many kills does the Sharknado have? We need to know!
0	AHHH  that makes sense, i though her body was shopped.
0	"Didn't we already have this ""beginings"" TCM movie?"
0	I have only ever once had people clap in a movie... and it was as the credits rolled for Return of the King.
1	I'm pretty sure they planned it that way actually. most famous people do.
0	All is forgiven, since you spell 'arse' correctly.  Bloody Muricans.
1	Yeah, because the second one was so amazing.
1	Yeah just like freakshows brought awareness to mental handicaps.
0	She has succeeded in spectacular fashion
1	Yes, cats must be kept inside at all cost. It's good for them, because outside they might die.
0	Right, but if you take the movie out of the equation, regardless of the current state of parenting, it doesn't happen just as if the world had only perfect parents.
0	It's a coping mechanism. Nothing more.
0	*Next up on ScyFy*
0	I think they're making jokes. It's a thing that can happen on sites other than reddit.
1	He should have used
1	I don't know the difference between there and their but I promise I'm good at English.
0	He said 'with the exception of Man of Steel these changes happened'
0	Um, did you even see it?  There was scat involved.
0	Newsflash: documentaries are allowed to have a point of view. A documentary that takes a stance is still a documentary.
0	Fuck. Yeah.
0	Better than Jack?
0	Because Black Widow would be competing for Disney production dollars/time with so many other franchises. I would probably really enjoy a movie about her, but over so many other great characters? She takes a back seat. Marvel is very much a fantasy brand, and Black Widow moves further away from that.
0	Can you imagine her if he did?
0	it really is. It has a lovey-dovey side to it, but it's mostly a movie about desperation. Really liked it.
0	As good as the anime is, I still laughed at the action-notebook scenes.
0	Okay, that's not a huge piece of the film, is there anything else? I'm not trying to sound rude, btw. Damn text.
0	Who?
0	Well at least Kirk Douglas is still kicking at 97.
0	As long as he doesn't become a lumberjack. Yeah, I'm still bitter.
0	Yeah. Give me a few minute I'll check a few movies and shows out for you
1	Because no white people get harassed or shot at by cops?
1	Because no white people get harassed or shot at by cops?
0	You should really call him. There's nothing to lose, bro.
0	another user up above wanted to take the reigns on this.  I gave them the phone number for the park and rec commissioner in Boston, and we'll see where that is headed.
0	For those who didn't read the article, the headline left out important word: makeshift* memorial.
0	I think in this case, it was Colin somehow performing at robins level. Dude was an improve master.
0	What's so bad about that? It's completely true.
0	"""...You got that, chief?"
0	You've written some beautiful ones before that I've seen, but this one almost moved me to tears. Thank you.
0	STOP FEELING BAD ABOUT MORE THAN ONE THING, PAY ATTENTION TO ME.
0	I think it's ready for the Super Man (or is it that the Spider-Man?) re-boot treatment.
0	It's gonna sound a little inappropriate to say this, but  Night at the Museum 3 is going to be the highest grossing 3rd-movie-of-a-trilogy-ever.
0	i guess sometimes its only when you've given up on the world, that you can truly laugh at it
0	It's not really a double entendres but I've always loved the title of the *Futurama* tv movie ***The Beast With a Billion Backs*** as it is a reference to both Shakespeare and an old monster movie as well as suggesting an orgy.
0	First time I've shed tears hearing of a celebrity death. This guy made be smile so much when I was growing up.
0	"Wasn't praising Marvel(although I do like them), but I heard it was Joss Whedon who told him to make it more ""James Gunn"" which is proof to me that it was originally how Fiege wanted it, which would have made it worse."
0	I want nothing more than him to post on something saying nothing but 'Made you look.'
0	They were planning on a 2015 release Mrs. Doubtfire 2.  I imagine they hadn't began filming yet though.  Although He was also Teddy Roosevelt in Night at the Museum and there's a new one coming out this year that was still filming.  I really hope he did his scene's already.  I'd like to see him in a new movie one last time.
0	that movie was perfect.
0	Some articles are saying he suffered from depression and mental health issues.  I'm honestly curious as to what type of problems he was facing to cause this depression and the mental health issues some of the articles are saying. This came totally out of the blue for me.
1	Thanks, guidance counselor.
0	And this is why they say growing old is not for sissies because you must let go of so many things and people you love. Its the losing it all that makes it hard. I sure wish this wasn't real because I grew up with Robin and it just seems so wrong for someone as vibrant as him to be rendered silent, forever. Man, I just hurt. It almost feels like I lost a friend.
0	Yeah, I love how passionate about the film and acting in general he is. He's very dedicated to improving.
0	Foul play? Or medication causing it?
0	Some of the people who can make you laugh the most feel the most turmoil inside.
0	Holy shit. I did not expect that.
0	Holy balls.
0	I don't give a fuck what You find Funny
1	"GTFO if you don't realize and accept TMNT for what it truly is, the biggest piece of shit movie ever, that insults our intelligence. If you enjoyed this movie, then ""you"" are what is wrong with the world today!"
0	Noooo now this masterpiece of a franchise is ruined, what a crime against humanity!
1	He's probably channeling his Gigli performance hard for this one.
0	Okay, that would be pretty god damn cool. He looks up and sees Superman fly through the skyscrapers and then he calls Alfred to get his stuff delivered to him. SWEEEETNESS
1	Please, only type the title instead of 2 sentences explaining the double meaning. Just guessing what the double meaning is is so much fun.
0	Eric Cartman and the Sorcerer's Stone.
0	but isn't that what made him endearing ... otherwise good?
0	Source on the original origin of the quote?
0	It aired on AMC which has commercials.
0	To be fair, Book 6 was the worst book, and it was also the worst film in the series. Not exclusively because the book was already cringe-inducingly slathered in essence of Emo, but that certainly accounts for a large amount thereof.
0	Have you seen Hesher?
0	And who determines cinema on a whole, you?
0	aww you poor soul(less) guy!
0	there isn't any goodwill built up. If man of steel was better received people would be more optimistic.
0	Despite the movie being bad or whatever, there are the current comics and TV show which are both great.
0	Why? It's not like you'll get a nervous breakdown and have a career ending experience!
0	You must really hate any movie about magic.
0	"Didn't Harrison Ford say to Lucas ""you can write this shit, but you can't make people say it""?"
0	Seriously. The movie features a woman with psychokinesis and chronokinesis, and a line of dialog breaks their realism?
1	Brand new account, definitely not a Hatchet shill.
1	You should know better than to openly admit you like his movies here. Hope you learned your lesson!
0	I think there is shy and there is clinical anxiety though.
0	But the protests in Europe where people are saying that Hitler didn't go far enough definitely qualify
0	yes, wilhelm, one of those things I think right and type it wrong
0	Seriously. If I was dating someone that hated it, it'd be one of the very few films that could make me re-consider the entire relationship.
0	No problem!
0	I think i will actually haha!
0	Haha no problem. I was waiting for your response :P Enjoy vintage Brad Pitt nastiness.
1	Because that doesn't happen in real life
0	I mean, at that point you're just talking about basic plot structure, which when you break down most blockbuster movies follow, good or bad.
0	Kyln
0	It's a bit generic.
0	I never met someone who went to see a movie just for Jada Pinkett.
0	"Thanks very much for this.  Yeah, I had the crap one.  The jungle gym and age one were the big losses.  The age one was okay as I got that ""more or less"" from the US remake."
0	Yeah, they could have made Reed or Ben or both the Storm siblings black and not had to change anything about the background of the characters. But now we have a situation in which either Sue or Johnny are adopted by their step dad and given his last name. Which means they are not true siblings and that really fucks up a ton of the backstory and history that is the Fantastic 4.
0	"Actually the ""domestic"" tickets sales also include Canada (and maybe Mexico. Not sure about them."
0	Jeremy Clarkson doesnt like it, i think
0	How do you mean?
1	No. You may not have an opinion that differs from the hive mind.
0	Everything I've heard about this film is awful. I have absolutely no faith in Fox ever producing a great FF movie.
0	Man of steel.
0	Plastic surgery, to clarify.
0	The hilarious summer comedy 12 years a slave?
0	Worst policy ever.
0	Dr. No - Yes Man - No
0	Rico's Roughnecks!
0	Kurt-Carpenter Trilogy. First, it's The Thing (1982) and then it's Big Trouble in Little China where he's trying to forget the events that transpired. But then, he loses his eye and goes to prison. Escape from New York, baby.
0	I sent the letters to heaven though
0	WHAAAALES!
0	Sean William Scott?
0	He's not a good enough actor, honestly.
1	Do you really think that as the biggest name in the room Michael Bay doesn't have an incredible amount of say as to what goes into the movie? He is a producer after all.... you know, one of the guys fundng the whole thing. A guy who is known for making blockbusters out of old franchises. Someone who could pull strings behind the scenes and call in favors. Yeah, I'm sure he just sent them a few million bucks here or there where they needed it and sat in room by himself waiting for the after party.
0	Damn... That was one hell of a backfire.
0	You should watch 'Buried', you'll change your mind.
0	So, no?
0	And everyone who saw Galaxy Quest would rather they didn't.
0	I agree with you. There was a time when American channels like A&amp;E showed this one (and a few othrs they had rights to) on a weekly basis.
0	I loved that show! I've never seen anyone mention it in years.
1	Can't wait!
0	To be sure, liberties were taken, but overall it did come closer to the book, plot wise, than pretty much any other version.
0	I thought it was ok, wouldn't have regretted seeing it in theaters, but I'm kinda glad I didn't.
0	man her lazy eye bothers me...
0	Have him try to curse and realize his insults are getting bleeped out and get angry.
0	Mom's spaghetti.
0	Marvel Unlimited
0	Hello 9gag my old friend.
0	I'm sorry, but that part just felt really cheesy. Completely took me out of the moment with how many times he said it.
0	Yeah the first tape was just fine
0	Eh the coffin thing is more slapstick, and there's no way it could top the intro in the first movie, but at least it's still light years ahead of the intro sequence in World's End.
0	It's not your opinion its the fact that your post looked like it was written by a 12 year old.
0	This is the kind of music that I discovered in middle school and fell in love with. What makes me happiest about this soundtrack is it's introducing a lot of great old hits to a younger crowd. There were a lot of little kids in the theater that I went to and I'm glad that at least one of them would have gone home and looked up some of the songs. A lot of these tracks don't deserve to be forgotten.
0	I liked the second one the most.
1	Oh well it'll be instantly good now.
0	Looks to me like he was just going for an early morning run.  Not running from something.
0	Buscemi would have nailed that role
0	its not dc. its WB, they have all of the rights for media and the cock up everything.
0	i would care more if they gave up on that 3d shit
0	"RemindMe! March 28, 2016 ""Did Batman v. Superman beat The Hunger Games?"""
0	The biggest point is that Marvel can take the hit of having mediocre sale with CA3, DC can't take any hit with this movie, the fate of all their future movies is riding on it.
0	Pain and gain?
0	Next they'll be having teaser trailers for unannounced films. It's just a flash of the studio logo and a date.
0	Fucking Sly, man.
0	I don't see enough CGI space battles honestly.
0	I've made another reply on this matter. They're probably not lesser known  inside the US/Canada. Outside of it, though, not many people knew about them. The only ones that were known (for example, in Eastern Europe and Russia) were Spider-man, Batman and Superman.
0	I mean, plenty of people said that the first Expendables would suck. Same for the next two.
1	So the dudes get to be the A-Team, and the women get to be hookers? How atypical of Hollywood!
0	Are Rifftrax worth watching? I saw an ad that they are doing the 1998 *Godzilla* this month but the jokes in the ad were just awful.
0	Sucks they went with majority cgi.
1	Dood, it's just literally Pocahontas
0	A bit less archeologist, though.
1	Yeah, cmon what's so great about Pulp Fiction? I've watched some of it, it's just two people dancing. Don't get the hype
0	That movie was a classic and a great performance by her. RIP.
1	So much better than the CG garbage today! This is real filmmaking, not that lazy stuff where you just press a few buttons and take the easy way out!
0	He's not talking about the books, he's talking about the films. You can't combine both universes and it not turn into a huge clusterfuck, not unless they completely reboot both franchises and trim a whole lot of characters.
0	They look too much like a penis.
0	That's the genius of Marvel Studios.  They've figured out that if they can't have the A listers, they can do the next best thing: do the perfect job of turning all of those other properties INTO A-listers.  You can bet your ass that right now more kids are familiar with Rocket Raccoon than they are with Reed Richards.
0	Your friend is an idiot.
0	Wizard of Oz
1	At last someone stands up for Michael Bay. Poor guy can't catch a break.
0	I'd share if I had it. FYI, apparently there are two versions. One being more graphic than the other. The one I saw was the lesser of the two, and it was pretty graphic.
0	People don't have a limited quota of moves they see. Having a summer blockbuster be successful isn't going to make other movies unsuccessful. Unless a studio is stupid enough to open their movie on the same day.
0	For me, the QT movie I don't like is Django. It is by far his most overly self-indulgent, sloppily made film.
0	"""How did we end up here? This place is horrible .... It smells like .... BALLS ...."""
0	The article also has him as the writer for the movie.
0	I felt it sort of made up for it with the awesome opening credits sequence.
0	I agree entirely; just watched it, and the ending was incredible. Without a doubt the hardest I've ever laughed at anything. These films are joyous.
0	Do they refer to it in that name in the comics? I heard them calling it an orb in the movie, but that seemed generic, unlike the Aether or Tesseract. That is a cool name though.
0	Now we're just getting recursive.
0	No, but you hear people talking quietly about a movie they look forward to seeing, or groans if a trailer looks terrible.  Also, I find if you go to early screens of movies, particularly action/comic/boom movies you tend to get a more vocal theatre that will be respectful enough not to ruin the experience, but will be vocal about what is going on.  Cheers, laughter, applause, groans, etc.
0	It's almost as if all opinions are subjective... Who would have thought? It is however a shared opinion among many that Hayao Miyazaki is a great director considering the volume of accolades his films have received, including *The Wind Rises*.
0	It was still a great movie, though.
0	I don't think it'll happen. The Academy isn't exactly made of forward-thinking people. They're very traditional and conservative when it comes to how movies are made. That's why you may not see voice acting as a category anytime soon (because it's not a traditional form of acting). That's also why you'll never see films like The Avengers, Scott Pilgrim, etc. winning any awards, even though these are way more fun to watch than the average Oscar winner and the critics like them just as much.
0	If after hours,  it was a secure screening.
0	I thought the idea was just that they were able to get to the olympics and race, it wasn't about winning or losing necessarily.
0	They also had an alternate ending for that one, where he wins...I remember seeing that on the DVD extras.
0	This is awesome. Great job, OP!!
0	Well who doesn't like Groot?
0	There are 8 countries you can choose from in ad free time.  Norway gets the newest movies first.
0	Don McAlpine - Predator, Moulin Rouge, Enders Game
0	If it's a thread about a movie/game/book/ or w/e then I just avoid them if I don't want spoilers. There are *always* spoilers. Same thing with trailers. I feel like people should avoid them, instead of popping in and bitching about the spoilers.
0	And Groot as the Janitor
0	"That was a case of in-universe male gaze, though - it's already established that Star Lord is a slut (""he who has lain with... ""), so it was just a case of a character being that character. It's no different than James Bond picking up some random chick."
0	Jesus Christ man get it together.
0	I spent the whole time wondering why I was so attracted to Ronan until I saw the credits and realized it was Lee Pace, who managed to look good even under all that makeup. I wouldn't be surprised if there were guys who thought the same thing about Nebula.
0	Except for everything, unless the spider had 5 legs plucked.
0	He's probably in GotG2, totally separate from Avenger because while Avengers can have funny moments I think Howard the Duck is just too silly to add to the Avengers already overloaded CGI budget.
1	Dude. Spoilers.
0	Spoilers tags exist for a reason. Im not the jerk for failing to stop reading  in time.
0	And Guardians converted a Super Hero movie into an action-adventure space romp AlA Firefly, Star Wars, or Cowboy Bebop. It was fan-fucking-tastic.
0	You've ever seen? Were you blind 15 minutes before watching the movie before miraculously getting your sight back?
0	And good TV is booming
0	"""Cries in a corner"" But really, this sucks. However, I kinda saw it coming, considering how meh their recent movies were."
0	They really didn't go deep into Banner's love life though.
0	Sure it's possible, but people really do like Chris Evans as Cap. Comic fans may react well to Bucky, but I don't know about regular audiences
0	Or perhaps to just piss you off.
0	I saw it and barely remember anyone's motivations or vaguely what even happened.
1	I bet no one would have figured it out if you didn't say so
0	Knowing then what they knew now, I'm sure they would have agreed to it anyway. RDJ makes Iron Man and Iron Man makes the Avengers. At least imo.
0	he wasn't a star then. he only became famous because of thor. the only other american movies he had made was red dawn and cabin in the woods, but both of those got their releases pushed back 3 years because the studio distributing them went bankrupt.
0	It's okay if Hollywood kills Hollywood. Hollywood knows that it deserves to die.
0	It was alright to me, as a big Transformers fan. I liked the designs and the villains, Galvatron was well done. They could've given the characters some backstory. Drift seemed really racist? Action was good. Humans weren't terrible. I'd rate it 3rd best TF movie, not counting the original animated one.
0	That would be about $75 in Australia I reckon.
0	That's the entire premise of the film, though. That isn't shoe-horning an element completely outside the genre into a film, that's just what the film is supposed to be.
0	I love reading the well-thought reviews good or bad. But, yes, I also love to validate my own opinions of bad movies by written reviews of the professionals.
0	I didn't even know that. It was just so painfully awful and now I'm even more confused about it.
0	Both. That movie helped me get through a tough time, and every time I hear that Frou Frou song I get a little lump in my throat. Perfect ending.
0	Or an Allen Wrench
0	Wait for interstellar
0	Didnt pay attention to the movie i see. You didnt see him pick the leaf off his head?
0	It's not worth it if Disney has to spend more money than they'd make on the movie. C'mon, man.
0	IIRC I Am Legend at $77 million was the biggest opening weekend ever for a movie that wasn't built on an already iconic franchise.
1	Yes, because financial achievement is the only measurement of a movie's quality.
0	"I payed $20 just for me. $18 for the 3D IMAX ticket  and a two dollar ""convenience"" fee to buy the ticket online."
0	Shut up and take my ticket money.
0	I was nervous to come to the comments and express my newfound dislike of Gary Oldman because I know everyone loves him. but I'm glad we're all thinking the same thing here
0	Why would someone go into this thread that contained minor spoilers?
0	Oooo Ooohhh Ooohhh shooby De do
1	They took away her Blue Culture!!!  NAVI ARE GOING TO BRING YOUR SHITLORDNESS DOWN! !1!!!!!!
0	Life is Beautiful. That movie is all kinds of wrong.
0	If you turn on subreddit style you can see the names of the flairs fine (it's because there's no text to go with the link flairs so Izzy added labels in the flair selection box and when CSS is off the labels are off).  No real way to fix it as it is now, but I can talk to the mods, and ask about changing the link flair labels.
0	FOX! Make this damn movie already!!
0	"Also, he's the only character who's taunt deals damage. ""Taunt Button!"""
0	Why? He was great as both.  To me Reynolds makes way more sense as Deadpool than Green Lantern.
1	Yeah, that worked so well with Green Lantern.
0	Other than they can do that in an R rated film as well, PG-13 can, best case scenario, be almost as good as the R rated one. I think cartoony gore is a big part of deadpool that I would be sad to see go.
0	They need to make it like this holy shit that's so good.
0	I'll admit, he could look better. But there's no reason they can't change it up a bit for Avengers 3.
0	Yes, we're men.  Men is what we are.
0	Yeah.  It's even set in 2014.
0	Guardians of the Galaxy can fit into their current movie franchise perfectly, though. Deadpool, on the other hand, can not. Not without either keeping him completely separate from the rest of the marvel universe, or dumbing him down to a PG-13 rating.
0	"They advertise their movies with this thing called ""trailers.""  Maybe you've heard of them?"
0	63% of the time
0	I must find this
0	Perfect
0	I really hope so, the last thing this movie (most movies) ever needs is the stereotypical corporate villain like from 2012 or Avatar and so many others.
0	I'm not... The green bar goes to the number that it cost, the red bar goes to the number that it made...
0	The T. Rex does not have a generic dinosaur roar.
0	But we can't be sure that Pedro caused those things to happen
0	...and the Lawfawnduh was nowhere to be seen in Kip's life when the short lived cartoon series came about, which took place after the movie
0	would berry
0	This was a Marine flick, not a Navy flick.
0	So I assumed this movie was not only direct-to-video but direct to MS Paint?
0	The Rock, The Fugitive, Transformers (only the 1st), The Island, Revenge of the Sith, the Fifth Element, Kung Fu Panda movies, Air Force One, Con Air, Tron Legacy, The Mummy and the Mummy 2, King Kong (literally one of my favorite movies).
1	Who's that redhead?
0	From their expressions it looks like Will Sasso regrets being in this movie, Jon Cryer *really* regrets being in this movie, and Stephanie Szostak is just happy because she thinks this movie can't possibly be as crappy as the last one she was in. She's probably in for a nasty surprise.
0	Directed by Mega-who? Jesus christ, does anyone take any of this seriously?
0	Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind, Grave of the Fireflies, Aliens.
0	That last one gives me shivers every time, easily one of my favourite super-hero movies. This, Watchmen, Ang Lee's Hulk... I like a comic book movie with a bit of flavor and not just dumb action
0	I *love* the other two BTTF movies but if I could re-write them, I think it would be a cool idea if they were about Marty trying to get his old family back. I just think the trilogy would have a stronger message if Marty ends up realizing that he shouldn't meddle with time when he comes to see that he's turned his family into complete strangers.
0	Did not pick up on that one..... really.
0	They probably didn't use the footage of him trying and then switch to American
0	Still angry that it's not on showcase.
0	Yeah I thought he was American till he did that movie about one of the Beatles a while ago.
0	Hindi movies might only make up 1% of films made (according to the charts), but they make up at least 50% of aggregate runtime.
0	lol, *poopshoot*
0	sometimes i skim titles.
0	Uggggh. I watched Elysium recently and beyond being disappointed by the movie as a whole, I was absolutely flabbergasted at how bad Foster's accent was. IT was just soo terrible and out of place. I'm assuming she was going for a South African accent, but it was just awful. She shouldn't have tried.
0	It's entirely possible there's not a large market to watch a guy turn into a walrus.
0	Awesome, I'll check that out.  Thanks
0	My wife mentioned wanting to see it. I mentioned not knowing what it was about and a 44% Rottentomatoes rating. Pass. Money is tight, I'd rather spend it on Interstellar (assuming it doesn't bomb).
0	See you call that 'redeeming', I called that 'distracting and unbelievable'. She didn't fit in at all with the world Smith had built for his characters.
0	I have not.  I don't watch much tv and when I do, it's dvrd and I skip the commercials.
0	Well, it used to be that if a movie didn't at least break even within the first three branches of government are the legislative, judicial and executive - each controls separate and overlapping aspects to create a series of tubes which relay data much like a plumbing system delivers water throughout a city that never sleeps.
1	That's why I don't pirate movies until they are out on DVD.  Gotta support the filmmakers.
0	Me American me no understand dark comedy make me uncomfortable
0	considering i didn't even know it was out, it might help if they advertised it some.
1	Shill!
0	Saw it. It's not a good movie. The porch scene had me staring at the exit.
0	Mindeffed is exactly what happened to me with this
0	They are similar, in that I think both have a more 'realistic' take on native american societies than most films.
0	It's not a common thing in the UK, OP is talking bollocks.
0	I just saw that movie for the first time a few weeks ago and it was amazing, completely lived up to the hype.
0	Oh well *thank god.*
0	Maybe when it came out.
0	Django Unchained, according to the man who wrote and directed it, is not a Western. It doesn't take place in the West. Tarantino calls it a Southern.
0	aww yea mutha fuckin ernest saves christmas
0	Made over $250mil at the box office, made almost $500mil at the box office, made $650mil at the box office, and made over $600mil at the box office. The joke pretty obviously isn't about quality. It's about how people are going to see it no matter what it is.
0	Did you research the unusual correlation between supernumerary nipples and mitral valve prolapse? I'm just curious seeing as there is little information out there and I have both conditions myself.
0	ITT people that don't know the definition of hate
0	I too repeat references that don't make sense in the current context because referencing a joke is the only form of humor I know.
0	You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
0	It looks like they're taking a page out of SNL's book and not knowing when to end a sketch.
0	There are more than just the names now.
0	Reminds me of tearjerker from American dad.
0	I think *Dawn of the Planet of the Apes* is quite terrible.
0	Some of the acting was pretty solid (Bale, Lawrence were both good imo) but the movie itself was no good. It just dragged on far too long. I think I checked my phone during the movie to see if it was close to over and there was still an hour and a half left.
0	Pretty sure he's trolling.
1	Yeah but she was ugly, so it doesn't count.
0	Doo doo doo do do dewww
0	oh you need happy go lucky, life is going to be perfect make believe?
0	I love that movie though.
0	I did give it a chance. 10 first min is typically the most engaging part of a movie.
0	Anything by Wes Anderson
0	Yep. That scene is ridiculous and really sad too.
0	I was disappointed by the third act. I though the first hour or so of it was really good.
0	Only 8th? Surely you mean 20th.
0	Forrest Gump.
0	That soft glow reminds me of looking at old Playboys and Penthouses.
0	"He is!  ""You mean you have to use your hands?"" ""That's like a baby's toy!"""
0	So that is his final form?
0	"That shows practical makeup effects were light years ahead of its time for such a cheeky show. That ""Beast character and some of the other demons on that show were very advanced and awesome. Definitely on par with what the Walking Dead has been doing for zombies."
0	My uncle owns Reddit and says you're banned.
0	"And then the ""I'm getting a divorce"" line comes out of fucking NOWHERE.  I'm crying just remembering it."
1	Wait... what was different with this and traditional sequels?
0	20 Jump Street Middle School
0	It is not Harvey Birdman, just some movie in the movie called Birdman.
0	I'm here for you
0	Yeah where they were all in the underwater tube and the shark smashes through it. Horrible movie but it was in 3D
1	Yeah man, such a fucking spoiler. Now I feel like I watched the whole movie already.
0	There's no Lindsay Lohan to blame this time.
0	i needed to rant hey, that movie was fucking upsetting.
1	Finally, some web content that speaks directly to my generation
0	You must not have seen the trailer
1	You just don't understand it. The levels man, it's just too deep for you.
0	And he specifically mentioned you will never find out what happened to everyone because his writing is completely without substance. He is lazy and his writing only looks good on the surface.
0	Star Wars had very good universe building.
1	That's right. I didn't decide to dislike it after watching it, I waited until I had read all the reviews on IMDb first. Totally a fashion victim.
0	JESUS NEVER TAPPED DAMMIT! FACT!
0	I just finished it. While it was a very moving film and one that makes you feel quite connected with Redford's character, I have to agree with you.
0	Because Blade Runner.
0	Yep, we watched different movies, your movie sounds shitty.  Glad I watched the one with Idris Elba in it.
1	Gosh, I just hope it meets our high expectations the way Prometheus did.
0	Or the new movie takes place shortly after the original story.
0	The complaints are pretty much the same all around. They're not hard to find.
0	This is so 2004.
0	Everyone forgets Hannibal King.
1	What movie?
0	Silence of the lambs is not really based on ed gein in any specific way, you could easily say the same for psycho or texas chainsaw massacre which both cite ed gein as an influence.
0	That's just a fan theory. It'd be a whole lot more logical that the incredibly powerful genie could just see outside the lamp while he was trapped there.
0	They have to recast them. Famke Janssen and James Marsden et al are great, but you can't have actors that played characters circa 2000 playing the same characters set in the early 80s when they're 15 years older now.
0	Or Shawshank
0	"That first picture in the suit. ""the ass was fat"""
0	Again, I am not being an elitist because I completely acknowledge that people have your mindset and that there is **absolutely nothing wrong with that and you can enjoy movies casually and like them for simple reasons. That is not a bad thing whatsoever and I don't see myself as better than you**. But there are more things that make up a movie that should be discussed and somehow that is such an outlandish idea that people straw man me and call me an elitist douchebag. I feel like people should have higher standards. There are casual CoD players, and there are competative Counter Strike players just like there's casual audiences and critics. It's not an elitist perspective, and I don't make assumptions on something because of sites like Metacritic or rotton tomatoes. You're free to like what you like because of whatever reasons you want to but there are bad movies, there are people who just want to be entertained, and there are people who want to analyze. Jeez.
1	Right, because if you can't do someone else's job better than they can, you have no right to complain.
0	If you don't watch the trailer for Interstellar how will you know about the cameo by Elmo from Sesame Street?
0	Minority Report was originally going to be a sequel to Total Recall with Quaid as a cop.
0	Honestly I think the only anime movie I've watched from end to end (and more than once at that) was Akria. But I'm open to anything so if it's on Netflix I'll add it to the queue.
0	It's Mike Myers.
0	I never understood this. As a kid I was like, there is a plot hole, Newman lost the shaving cream embryos in the mud after he was eaten by the dilapasuarus and someone will get it and make their own park. As I got older I remember that guy Dotson who said it's on ok u good for 48 to 72 hours.  No way the stolen Newman embryos survived.
0	Mobile's not working for me. What's the theme this year?
1	Just like the matrix movies.
0	It's definitely in their top 5 for me. I'm more partial to A Serious Man, Inside Llewyn Davis, and Miller's Crossing, but No Country For Old Men is definitely one of their best.
0	Would you have expected a glimmer of humanity in those eyes?
0	Die hard 4 was okay.
1	Obviously the only guy who could do Deadpool justice is Christopher Nolan.
0	What do you mean 'mourn'? I thought he nailed the role, just wondering why TDKR didn't expand on his character.
0	the accent
0	Want to?
0	Sadly PG and PG-13 has the largest audience and the most potential to make money and that is all most movies care about sadly.
0	(It didn't appear on the 1997 AFI list, but it jumped up into the 70s for the 2007 iteration.  Just FYI.)
0	Is he Sid Vicious in one?
0	Can you link me to a story... I'm intrigued.
0	What? My beard hair is very different from my pubic hair... Maybe I am strange though.
1	Eminem's a bad rapper, yo.  He doesn't perfectly rhyme all his words.  0/10 would not recommend
0	That would be going to watch Spider-man: Turn off the Dark.
0	I'd suggest you take that up with the webmaster.
1	Grave of the Fireflies
1	Uhh, did you miss the elevator full of blood somehow? Pay attention, bro
0	It is not lying if there are no EMTs verified to declare a death on the private property, and if I am not mistaken not technically part of Anaheim in the case of Disneyland. As for Disney World that is apart of an improvement district called Reedy Creek Improvement District. Disney owns all the land in RCID.
0	Only Origins.
0	Wow, only 6 months before Walt shipped off himself.  Talk about a sad year for cinema.
0	Great movie and possibly relevant to OP, but it is not particularly uplifting.
0	Happy Billday!
0	This is fucking complete garbage. Who upvotes this shit?
0	"I think this was the same year they gave out some of the awards in the audience. The producers were trying to ""spice"" it up. From what I remember there was a pretty big outrage within the industry and they never did it again. This year they had a small section next to the stage that the nominees would sit in during their award presentations to save time because winners didn't need to walk all the way to the stage from way in the back"
0	"Hollywood isn't ""bad"", they're just missionary. Everything from pre to post to delivery is paved with money and PR lube. Have you seen Red State? This movie was a radical departure from his wheelhouse and he executed brilliantly. Dude even took the movie from theater to theater and hustled it old school. I'd think his story would be more worthy to pass down than Joe Schmoe the Warner Exec who thinks we oughta toss a giant spider in the movie, 'cuz by gum, he worked his way up from the mailroom and became adept at climbing corporate ladders..."
0	Oblivion and Life of Pi.
0	... I forgot there was one until you mentioned it.
1	So I guess this means no subplot about Bulk &amp; Skull's magic blood? Color me not interested.
0	Isn't the lowest grossing Expendables movie the one they made PG-13? I don't know if that's why and it's only one example, but when violence is integral to why people like it in the first place, cutting that out is stupid.
0	I'm not happy. Now we won't get a proper Deadpool movie. It's just like how M. Night Shyamalan ruined the chances of us getting a proper Last Airbender movie.
0	"The basic plot device is similar, but it's almost nothing like ""Source Code."" I love them both, but SC is more of a thriller, while EOT/whatever-the-studio-is-calling-it-now is a straight up sci-fi action flick."
0	"So the rules say ""down vote a one word reply that does not appear to add anything to the comment chain""?"
0	I loved Anchorman 2 and consider it a worthy sequel. My biggest complaint has to be Brick, but other than that I thought it was really funny.
0	What if he runs *towards* them for the entire movie and has a quick fight sequence at the end?
0	He a playa I aint hatin
0	Everything gets older, but Matthew McConaughey stays the same age.
0	Can't be bad for foot in the door though, right?  Like if someone sees it at a festival and then looks into your other works?
0	1408
1	Racism at it's finest. Filthy humans
0	Indubitably.
0	nah, he's got connections to SHIELD and they're already going darker with Daredevil.
0	You're not
0	He probably won't be out of the mask much, even so I doubt they'll make him comic ugly, they'll likely just make him bald and throw a few scars on.
1	Right, because actor's totally never do that.
0	OP would never lie to me.
0	Why do you connect that to The Big Lebowski?
0	Bunchacrunch Crumblesnatch
0	A black hole would appear as a featureless black disc.
0	I haven't seen Nebraska yet unfortunately. Nor a lot of these favorites in this thread. Boyhood, 12 Years a Slave, etc
0	as do I. So what? You can make a movie complicated without needed other media to explain it.
0	Zoolander was a really stupid movie anyway. That's what made it funny. I mean, they just need to keep it stupid.
0	Matt Fucking Damon.
0	There's really only one joke I'm looking forward to repeating, if it happens.
1	Reddit is very serious about unnecessary comments.
0	THIIIISSSS
0	LOTR wasn't a surefire project back in the 90s, I wouldn't be so quick to judge the man.
0	Definitely. She was on an episode of Friends and I didn't even recognize her.
0	I always knew Michael Keaton was a stand-up guy.
0	I agree with you, I feel as though the first 2/3 of the film set the bar so high that there were few directions they could have gone in to maintain such quality.
1	Never seen that bro. Is it on bluray
0	Yeah, those theories were all incredibly sad and uninteresting, and the film didn't delve into the lives of the characters enough to make me care about them beyond their theories.
1	Yes, how dare a well liked and under-used actor be a popular choice amongst fans. The nerve of people.
0	It looks like a sketch.
0	Motion capture will work.  Give him the old costume, strap some reference balls onto it, and capture his performance.
0	We got some classy motherfuckers up in here.
0	The final mexican stand off in the Good the Bad and the Ugly. Holy fuck the music, the acting, ALL OF IT!
0	i feel that to enjoy it you need to listen to the album altogether. it feels like there's something missing otherwise. I recently  listened to their most recent album and was pretty impressed.
0	That was just a very brief moment in the movie and in no way ties to the plot in any major way :) You should definitely watch it.
0	Roger Deakins being director of cinematography usually does the trick.
0	TIL jupiterkansas cant get upvotes
0	Yes logistically you are correct
0	And Benedict Cumberbatch will play king Kong.
0	"Whenever people use the phrase ""well-known fact"" I can't help feeling that it is accompanied by gigantic hand-waving. Also: ""it stands to reason"", ""surely"", ""any fool can see""."
0	Nah.  Into Darkness was Orci and Kurtzman's fault.  The first movie was saved by the writer's strike keeping it from being a bloated mess like Darkness.
0	Never!
0	I think the tangerine sound bytes are from Caine's movie with Sean Connery, The Man Who Would Be King.
1	Yeah, watch the Final Cut. Came out in 2007. We only had to wait 25 years!
0	What do you mean?
0	No, I don't get maurreey's pun. Is it because astronauts stretch before they go into space?
0	Sorry. Princess Amadala.
1	Thor: The Dark World
0	Does anybody else feel like he was born to play his role in his new movie 'gone girl'?
0	No one has a secret identity. Only Iron Man and Captain America have masks. The best part of Civil War, Spider-Man revealing his secret identity, is completely impossible. There is no reason to do it and no way they could. Civil War wasn't even good!
0	Right, but was the book crap because it covered it one page?
0	What we have yet to see is a movie that looks like *life*. If Cameron can achieve that with 120fps, I think it will change cinema.
0	Have you seen Infamous? I preferred it so much over Capote which I found quite dry. Particularly liked Sandra Bullock as Harper Lee.
0	Yeah, it's a dumb idea to reboot a well-liked movie. Although, this does give me an idea about another book-turned-movie that could be effectively rebooted. Eragon.
0	Green Zone. Fuck that movie.
0	Part 2 will be his last
1	Yeah, fuck the animals who had no choice in partaking in movies for pointless human interests.
0	one to avoid so
0	Can someone recommend me some movies where Ben Affleck did a really good job? I'm like a lot of people and really nervous about his performance here because I've seen a lot of his bad movies, but people seem to think he'll do well and I'd like to be more optimistic about the movie since it's so hyped.
0	Why would he just do essentially the same ending as his last film?
0	It's less about the racing and more about the characters involved, really. If it were fiction, I'd call the racing just a plot device to give the characters something to do. Absolutely fantastic movie.
0	Yep, then they had the real Godzilla kill him in Final Wars. And it was glorious.
0	True Grit? 3:10 to Yuma? Sure, they may both be remakes but they were fantastic.
0	For sure. It seemed like he was the only character with *gasp* an actual personality.
1	Fuck you for having an opinion.
0	The shakey cam wasn't very bad at all in the first one. The second movie amped it up during the car chases, but the third movie was just a fucking mess.
0	Rip em. Handbrake is a great utility that makes it pretty painless. Read a few tutorials. And get going.
0	Yeah I'm starting to believe Manhola Dargis doesn't even *like* movies given the way way she reviews them.
1	Good thing you gave it a chance
0	But...Bond...I don't understand.
0	*Aaaaaaallllrighty then FTFY
0	Principal photography is when the majority of the film's scenes are shot. Basically it means the film is moving from pre-production to actual production.
0	I thought Shia did a pretty good job in Nymphomaniac.
0	Pretty.
0	OK, that makes much more sense.  Haven't seen it, so I got confused there.  Should have used context.
0	Also it was a terrible movie.
1	Because it doesn't feature Nick Fury
0	They're good performances, but I think they're still just his typical fumbling, every-man thrown into a high stakes situation character he's had going for a long time. He really got to be a different character in Fargo. He started off the same, but became something entirely different. Still a coward in the end, but it was a great arc.
0	Spawn is Marvel.
0	I don't know whether I should be embarrassed or not for watching Donnie Darko 9 times in one week. A record. I haven't seen in years.
0	OB1 is just confusing Josh Brolin with Rachel Weisz. Easy mistake to make.
0	I know, but when your home base has been blown up three times you really need to reconsider your approach.
0	Is that Michael Swaim?
1	And the Vodafone ads! Deserves an oscar for them, surely.
0	Nobody would have been the wiser if you hadn't said that. Delete your comment at once.
0	I'm so digging this new Keanu revival! All of his newest movies have been so bad-ass. I haven't been this excited about his movies since the end of the Matrix series (probably even since only the 2nd movie).
0	One of the best American films I have seen this year. If you haven't seen it, get off of Reddit, go to your preferred streaming service and enjoy. you will not be disappointed.
0	Gran Torino?
0	This just in: in an unaccountable interview, Bill Murray also stated that Kristen Wiig should go out with me!
0	I mean action, blockbuster genre.
0	cool, dude.
0	Fuck yeah!
0	Can he also agree to never do voice-over work again thanks to TDKR?
0	bond does not cry, that ruined Quantum of Solace
0	He killed the fewest aliens of the team.
0	Peter Jackson's chief mistake is trying to make the Hobbit a prequel to Lord of the Rings rather than a stand alone story. The two stories are different in style and tone, intended for different audiences. Jackson has made quite the mess of the story by not only changing the style and tone, but adding elements not originally present. And then there is the bad CGI.
0	I have never found her attractive, there I said it.
0	These guys make great videos. Check out the Bane videos too.
0	I have never quite figured out what it means - it might even just be a stylistic move - but Batman Begins is a very red film. The Dark Knight is a very blue film.
0	Ted certainly was a film
0	I completely disagree with you, but I don't get why people are downvoting you when OP asked for opinions and you gave yours.
0	Ya know what terry? lets just settle this..peacocks don't fly!!
1	Um, I think you're forgetting Land of the Dead? Probably the best movie of all time, especially the acting and writing.
0	Really this is the first time I've read a turtles comic, since I grew up with the show and it is amazing. If the movie had been even a fraction of that I would have been so happy.
0	Oh you know it
0	Now do Calvin running off with one of Hobbes' wooden legs!!!!
0	Thanks for the almost gold, kind stranger!
0	Wait what
1	Because Star Wars is known for it's brilliant writing, void of cliches.
0	Well spoil it because I was okay with the ending and that mj was left out.
0	Say what you will about Snyder, but he's pitching perfect strikes when it comes to Batman. I'm sure it helps that's his favorite superhero, but I've been blown away over how much of a remarkable improvement this is aesthetically over Nolan/Bale.
0	I don't like the armor.  At all.
1	but but someone dies in a gruesome way therefore it has be a tarantino rip off right guys?!
0	Well excuuuuuuuse me, Princess.
0	The people that use hyperbole like that are probably why he says it's underrated. Regardless of who agrees.
1	Yeah... I TOTALLY missed that one.
0	As great of an actor as Robert De Niro is/was, I actually think he was a little miscast as a young Vito. He did a great job, but his mannerisms and speech patterns aren't similar enough to Brando's IMIO.
0	Battle Beyond the Stars
0	Considering 50 Shades started out as Twilight fan fiction, it's not really a surprise that the same group hates both things, is it?
0	Really?
0	As a Mizzou fan, I'd argue there was only one KU game that was worth watching every year. Now there are none.
0	Really? I think it looks awesome. Much better than the Dark Knight tumbler.
0	but atleast we won the first one! 19-0 BABY!
0	Not if the teachers are the dealers
0	Presumably an aspiring comedy writer would have watched a number of these growing up anyway by virtue of being a comedy fan.
0	I understand, some people don't like the Mexico section, but the West Elizabeth section is amazing. This is like saying you left a 5 star restaurant during the appetizer because you didn't LOVE it, but the entree was coming soon and it was one of the best things on the menu.
0	Thanks for the suggestion, the way the book is laid out, it reminds me of War of the Worlds on the radio (not that I've ever heard it or was alive for it, but I can imagine that's what it might be like).
0	So, basically, Predators is the one I should skip entirely or just watch last because it's insignificant. Correct?
1	Yes, because the Chinese and the people from Hong Kong get along soooo well.
0	Michael Bay pls leave.
0	3? where's 2?
0	Cap and Iron Man are the only two who wear masks.
0	I think the fact that the movie had 100s of people giving years of their lives and a lot more thought put into this makes it much better.
0	This film has a chance if Michael Bay is not involved.  Maybe.
1	What, Red Tails wasn't enough for you?
0	Gimli is a Hobbit confirmed!
0	You're right. I meant they never talk.
0	"""Most of us"""
0	Yes... The video is not available to view in the US... What is there to get?
0	As do I and millions of other reasonable fans. My point is that Cameron has an untouchable track record when it comes to sequels, so there's no reason to doubt his intentions or abilities when it comes to the next Avatar film. Admittedly, if he drops the ball with 2, all bets are off for 3 and 4.
0	The Purge. Didn't hate it.
0	That people know him to be a dick or know people who know him to be a dick.
0	Are we thinking of the same ariel rebel?
0	MI:2 was worth it for that jump off the building in slo-mo with that epic music.
0	"Oh I see, I was wondering ""who is 'The Astronomer' and why do I care if he was brought to tears"""
0	Its amazing how powerful the downvote bandwagon is.
1	Knowing Hollywood we're probably going to see a Greyhound take out three Tigers in a head to head battle at the start of the movie.
0	Maybe Disney/Marvel liked his ideas and concepts that he presented to them? At the same time, he might be a cost-effective director to hire.
1	Pulp Fiction? What's that?
0	And this is why RDJ got the big bucks for The Avengers
0	We do. It's our parents that hate the fanfare.
0	Hahah
0	That's how it had to be done. The whole point was he was to appear normal sized amongst a bunch of little people. He was shot, then the other, and composited to give the proper scale.
0	Too much neon partying and too little of the cleverness that made the first act greats.
0	Power requirements only allow small amounts of time travel, only X can be transferred, anything beyond X will blow up the machine
0	Dali didn't do drugs. He was drugs.
0	While I love everything Smod,  his Batman comics were abominations.
0	There was that Marvel short that indicated that there was a *real* Mandarin out there, and that he's pissed about Trevor using his name. That suggests to me that we have another Mandarin story planned, which they wouldn't do without Iron Man.
0	I like to think that his performance in This is the End was his real persona.
0	Except, the director had been bloating about how one of his rules was to not let Godzilla make eye contact and that it was his way of saying humans are so small and insignificant to godzilla, that he doesn't even notice their existence.
0	I don't think there is one. Films cheat their plots all the time in order to have tighter editing and better narrative flow.
0	Mallrats is my favorite Kevin Smith film as of right now.  Where others fall short or don't hold up over time, Mallrats knows exactly what type of movie it is trying to be and knocks it out of the fucking park.
0	satan you have a big red ass, who am I pretending you are, Liza Menelli?
0	What about the dual projection screens?
0	Yes, that's how advertising works. You design something to appeal to the audience.
0	It would have been funnier if he didn't do it in that goddamn voice.
0	"I really hate it when people say shit like this. ""Oh relax bro the movie is 20 years old, it's okay if it gets spoiled"" FUCK that. I don't care if the movie is 90 years old, you should still avoid spoiling it."
0	I guess I could. Then someone would have asked why he's dating my mum if he's still married. And it's not like they ever met, what with him being executed when she was a tiny girl and all.
1	Sweet, 40 more planned super hero movies. What a great time to be alive.
0	I was hugely disappointed with it when I saw it in the theater. There are some decent parts to it, but as a whole, it felt like a poor rehash of Batman Begins with the tone and atmosphere of The Dark Knight; why should I be forced to point out the good and ignore the bad?
1	Ohioan here, can confirm, hate reading
0	I've noticed this a lot. Even if it's in English I like subtitles. I can only do this alone or with my other friend who likes it. Everyone else gets incredibly mad at the subtitles.
0	That's exactly the problem with subtitled films. I'm not there to read, I'm there to watch and engross myself in the film. If I have to spend half the movie reading along, it's defeating the entire purpose of it being a film.
0	still won't beat Bangkok Dangerous as a bad performer
0	Sorry I guess I had Tarantino in my mind
0	That's if the studios don't get involved and royally screw with the tone because they think they need some kind of slapstick that sticks out because the audience just won't get it. Ezio and Edward were the funniest of the two Assassins, but their humor was interwoven with their character and the story in many ways, sort of like how Edward was just a brash asshole who eventually turned his life around.
0	ITT: but hurt people from Ohio.
1	Oh yea totally. It completely sucked how they had 1 voice actor for singing and talking, instead of having two mismatched voices in the sub. Terrible. Terrible dub.
0	The advertising for Inglorious Basterds never let on that there would be any subtitles. It's also probably much easier to bring crowds in with an incredibly well-known director such as Tarantino.
0	What movie?
0	No Jules, that's called being a bum.
0	dudes a walking heart attack, sure people will be sad but we all knew it was coming.
0	He really should get working on making Clerks III.
0	EVERYBODY HAS THOSE DAYS
0	Amazing Spider-Man 2. I was genuinely interested and excited in watching the movie after seeing the trailers.
0	"The guy in the movie is so badass that the traduction ""chacal"" here in mexico is used to call something or someone badass, i don't if it is because of the character or not, but it might be."
0	I  wanna say the Matrix but it's not a definitive movie about the technological singularity, but it comes close imo.
0	dipshit show, ugh
0	Hot Shots 1 and 2.
0	Why do directors insist on using that bozo actor Tatum?
1	Wow! Can't wait!!
0	Blowjob scenes used prosthetic dicks. Why would masturbation need to be simulated?
0	Is _he_ a bear?
0	"You aren't thinking creatively enough. Make an R rated movie, but censor it and have it bother him. Or have him save up his one ""FUCK!"" only for someone else to take it and have no idea why he's mad. Make the fact that it's a PG 13 movie in an R rated world *part* of the movie, something that can't be ""fixed."" Deadpool knows he's fictional, use that!"
0	The fact that's eye candy doesn't mean that people are saying that it's bad.
0	And Mass Effect.
0	I'm saying this as a comic fan so maybe i'm biased. i at least entertain the possibility. I just think the films are not forgettable on a single basis. There have been some relative misses like Iron Man 2 but even that is more enjoyable to me than most action flicks these days. TWS is legitimately the best blockbuster action movie i've seen in years. It was a complete package. GOTG also recently hit some brilliant marks. When is the last time we got a good space movie? Comics are serial in nature and the MCU rocks BECAUSE it adheres to that but the solo flicks are still good or for the sake of our actual argument far more entertaining then non Nolan DC movies imo. DC very clearly is nowhere near as cohesive as Marvel what with the shows being separate (but better so far) and now there are rumors Shazam is not even a part of their universe what with a different studio working on it. Until they make a movie that is half as true to the comics or have as interesting I would say Marvel is easily the king. it's also worth noting that the ones considered the best (bar IM 1) are consecutive and the newest releases. They haven't had a hint of decline yet so AOU may just blow out the fanbase as well as Avengers. Avengers is the most true movie to a real comic storyline as we've ever gotten imo. That should be what the comic genre is all about. Doesn't have to be in tone but in attitude.
0	My feeling remain the same. Never liked her as a person or a comedian. I can still manage to show some respect unlike the comments towards the bottom.
0	Yay. Another celebrity passing so people can have a massive circle jerk about how amazing they were.
0	Even though it isn't surprising, it still sucks.  RIP
1	*Clerks*.  It's pretty obscure but I liked it.
0	*Renaissance* is an animated film with Daniel Craig voicing the main character. I can't remember all the details but I really enjoyed it.
0	Let me reiterate.  There aren't.
0	I think there should be ratings, just not the current ones and definitely not decided by the way they are now.
1	Dude, his best movie was Twister.
0	Better yet where the scenes where there wasn't a music score.
0	YYeeeaaaahhhhh... That dog in the first pic is very dead.
0	I don't think I've seen any movie more than I have seen Heavyweights.
0	Ole!
0	At least once I week I'll just shout 'you got the job!' and no one ever *ever* gets where it's from
1	"I always find the best stories when I click ""load more comments"""
0	I became so obsessed with *The Master* and its cinematography when it first came out that I saw it three times in cinemas, and it wasn't enough. I've been afraid to watch it since, because my laptop screen seems so unworthy and insignificant in comparison.
0	And Nicky in Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
0	Exactly. I didn't like JB much at all
0	"I did really enjoy all those aspects of the film.  The Watchowskis managed to expand on the themes of the book in a way that would only work in a film, and that part was truly brilliant, if the execution was perhaps a bit wanting.  The ""Asian"" makeup, for example, was just plain bad, and took me out of the story, even though I appreciated what they were trying to do with it."
0	Russle Crowe.  It isn't really his acting ability or anything like that.  It is, because he won't take on bad scripts.  He is generally in top quality productions.
0	When he's eating an apple and he stares directly at the camera and pulls a face.
0	They will probably have a trailer before July though at least a teaser
1	John Cena
0	You already hit the one that gets to me the most: Forrest Gump. If you're talking a score that makes my heart ache, that would be the closest. There are other scores that I prefer, like Road to Perdition, but the score to Forrest Gump just makes me sad.
0	Yeah I'm going to downvote him! His comment brings as much to a discussion as 'this' : No reasons etc.
0	cool
0	If only real life were this simple. Who can really blame a someone for shooting an invading space alien.
0	Fucking field of dreams was included with so many special offers. Got it with pizza so many times I could have used the copies to insulate the walls in my shitty apartment.
0	It's okay, France *is* Bacon after all.
0	I knew he was a celebrity on pcmr but I never knew he was here too haha
0	Benicio del Toro
0	The fuck did I say.
0	I was gonna see that, but Sack Lunch looked better.
0	The whole movie is goddamn beautiful
0	But that story has been told before and doesn't require 3 hours to get its point across
0	They were pointy in the prequels as well, i think.
0	Or because it's explicitly written in the headline of the article.
1	BUT SPACE JAM IS GOOD BECAUSE NOSTALGIA
1	What are you trying to say? He transformed into that role. I wholly believed he was Johnny, an all-American football-loving accountant.
0	He's not talking about in Japan, he's talking about mainstream western audiences. Evangelion is fucking crazy and I don't see it having the American mainstream appeal that Miyazaki films do. It's popular amongst people here that like Anime, but I don't see it being popular among regular audiences. I don't really like anime but love Miyazaki and I just couldn't sit through Evangelion.
0	Diesel is rumored to be the live action Black Bolt.
0	"The ""shitty pipe dream"""
1	but I thought the book was better
1	Really? Well, you're in luck. She was in Eragon, so give that a shot.
0	Saddest midnight showing I had gone to until I went to The Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
0	Yeah, that peaked at Smallville.
0	Piranha 3D?
0	In Band of Brothers where Liebgott has to tell all of the prisoners in the concentration camp that they have to be locked up again. The way he breaks down as he's addressing them is heartbreaking.
0	Paul dano is literally in every fucking movie and no one talks about him
1	There was a fourth alien film?
0	Sharp kid.
1	Adam Sandler.
0	Definitely, he's really cute in that movie, and legitimately very creepy
0	How did they specifically find the celebs ? If they hacked iCloud wouldn't they find millions of random peoples photos
1	Where did the alien go?  So much for continuity!
0	Obligatory, I'll be your Huckleberry.
0	That's interesting.  Has Refn said anything about the final product?
0	Surf's up!
0	soooooo hyped!
0	Jessicause she's pretty doesn't mean you have to be lewd
1	Only $60,000, yeah, what a shame.
0	Wow, Im pretty sure one of those clips was them taking out a drone with an ambulance.
0	now if the writers could go ahead and join him, perhaps the next Transformers may be watchable.
0	Yeah, I don't care what anyone else says, Kutcher did his homework with that role.
0	I was thinking the same thing.  It's going to be really hard for him not to do his trademark 'low giggle'
0	As long as there's no dance scene or anything similar, I'm all for it.
1	I wonder why it's X-Men Origins: Wolverine but not X-Men Origins: Nightcrawler
0	Released September 2004... Sorry, does not qualify.
0	I would pick *Forest Gump* over *Pulp Fiction* (though I still think *Pulp Fiction* is great), and I'd definitely pick *The King's Speech* over the *The Social Network* (I'd also pick *Winter's Bone*, *The Fighter*, and *True Grit* over *The Social Network*).
0	No memory of him being in it. Now I get to go watch it again!
0	"I'm sorry, when I cut myself my skins doesn't ""peel"" like that."
0	I don't care what anyone says, I love *Ghosts of Mars* and *Vampires*. They're just so cheesy and *fun*.
0	Agreed. I will steer clear of Interstellar, and somewhat wish I hadn't seen this one :-\
0	"""I come from biiiig watter!"""
0	It had great world building and he action was done very well.
0	Because if they stopped the war there'd be no John and no T-800 to help her stop the war and thus there'd be a war.
0	If your alarm bells weren't going off when they cast Jai Courtney then you really need to question your judgement. This film is going to truly terrible.
0	Lots of US companies/units have skulls on them though.  Skull are just generally badass I guess.
0	epic stuff xD
0	Very true.  If you think it has any roots in reality then you're bound to be disappointed because it so very clearly does not.  If you don't bother with that it was visually interesting and toyed with some crazy concepts.
0	really? I felt like that scene where they fake kiss was awkward like kissing a friend, but they did it for the mission.
0	No. Captain America is a light Science Fiction. This movie made the bad science the star of the film. With no character development and explainations/lectures every 5 minutes.
0	The part that really ties that chase together is how fast and brutally the fight at the end is. A lot of running around and tension and then bourne smashes through the window and within a minute one of them is dead. The bourne movies pace action sequences so well.
0	"hah! i could see groot picking it up and then handing it to Cap or Thor. like, ""**i'm grooot** (hey you dropped this)"""
0	John Rhyss Davies played Gimli in LOTR *and* voiced Treebeard.
0	I'm still sort of curious about what the relation between JARVIS and Ultron is going to be. Tony already *has* an AI.
0	What the fuck, dude?
0	I know it's not true, it was just a crazy theory I had ages ago. the USB thing sounds silly though, I hope that's not true.
0	MEAD!
0	Nonono, I didn't mean for your to think I thought you were saying I was unaware, I just figured I'd add that I know of it and find it fascinating at all. No affront taken at all, because... well, there isn't any.
0	Ah I warched it on my iPhone ill look at it again on a bigger screen
1	Guys but the market is over saturated with comic movies
1	Guys but the market is over saturated with comic movies
0	The worthiness enchantment wasn't placed on Mjolnir until after Thor gets banished to Earth.
0	The Whiplash trailer got me hyped as fuck - the movie was excellent.
0	In short I prefer theaters for viewings of almost any film just not the environment that has grown to accompany them.
0	I believe it's 5 years after the last movie was made, as in the next movie must start production within 5 years of the last films release.
0	Yeah, I'm thinking he is back.
0	The Bible fucks up a few times with free will, especially with Judas. Did he even have a chioce?
1	Any movies without Superheros that are not directed by Quentopher Nolantino
0	If you say so.
1	You forget that insulting a person who religious people value automatically makes you ignorant and bigoted toward that particular religion.
0	The Islamic version of the myth has Gabriel guiding Noah on how to build the ark.
0	In the US, tons of people watch the Christmas specials. Worldwide? Nobody else cares. We all sing Snoopy's Christmas during December and that's it. They're taking a big risk. US Christmas Specials aren't a thing elsewhere in the world, so that connection just isn't there. Kids over here don't know these characters.
0	Meh, IMO the most overrated director working today. Replacing Tarantino.
1	No that makes too much sense it has to be some conspiracy to drum up sales
0	I mean, I think most of them are probably run by PR interns so you don't usually find that.
0	Directed by Frodo?
1	yeah, they'll never earn a hundred bucks to stand in a crown again.
1	I didn't realize someone doing something with their own money and their own time had such adverse effects on you. I feel so sorry for all the suffering you are enduring by this movie being made
1	but how could a movie that spun off into a cartoon and kid's toys possibly be bad for kids?
0	Stop making movies.
1	Now that is just wrong. Movies shouldn't be treated as money making ventures.  That just cheapens the whole thing.
0	I dunno, I can see Iron Man being a lot more antagonistic this time around for some reason
0	Yeah, I'd kind of fuck him now, too.
0	Thanks for the clarification. Exclusively action based films have never really been my thing.
1	Wow what a mistake that would have been such a huge hit.
1	Remember, Ebert didn't like Fight Club! That must make him a pleb!
0	Wasn't this dude the bullet proof monk? I would pay to see a sequel.
0	the government of china are fuckholes.
0	You go home in a wheelchair
1	you mean kubrik's 'moon landing'
0	He was in Man of Steel, although that doesn't mean that he still won't be weak to Kryptonite, in fact it kinda supports it. We have just yet to see Kryptonite in the movies.
0	TBH, as much as I love the series, I think D&amp;D are just too much high fantasy to be made into a good movie. Drows are cool to read about but they would look pretty cheesy on the big screen, and either the special effects would suck or they would be looking at a giant triple-A budget.
1	It's not a Superhero movie, duh.
0	I've read two reviews now, they keep mentioning the special effects not being very impressive.  What the hell?
0	A couple people in the theater I was in laughed at that scene.
1	Jack and Jill?
0	Maybe he just enjoys making movies, hit or miss, and will continue to for the rest of his life. If I was him I would want to do just that.
0	nope, it was 100 on metacritic and at 100% with a 9.1 average on rotten tomatoes.
0	And Firefly. Because it was simulated shaky cam... IN SPACE.
0	One of my favorite movies, was hat fun to watch similar to Constantine I always enjoy Keanu
0	Except those are all really well known movies. The problem with this list isn't the list itself, it's the title. It's supposed to be lesser known movies that a lot of people haven't heard of.
0	Disney's Frozen. Took 3 viewings in theatres for me to fall in love with it.
0	He was supposed to be the new Chewbacca hahaha what a joke.
0	"Lord of the Rings is only ""bad"" because we know what it should have been. If you can separate yourself from that expectation then it's really and awesome animated movie. At least I loved it."
0	There's still something to be said about being a notch *before* the rest, though, right?
0	How in the hell is Chomet so far down this list?
0	Bartok the Magnificent is the superior spin-off.
0	Yeah, I considered that too. Maybe it's so bad/weird that they feel like releasing it would be an insult to him. But critic reviews were positive so I don't think this is the case.
0	X-Men?
0	Blade 2 is my go-to example for an ideal pure action movie.  The plot moves super fast and doesn't get in the way, the characters are developed quickly and almost entirely through one-liners, and the action is intense, full, and exciting.  Pure action generally doesn't do well with critics, and 67% is pretty damn good.
0	God damn this will be difficult to pull off.
0	That's the thing about the prequels, though. You're right, the Original Trilogy WAS all kid's movies, but the darker sort of kid's movie. I think Lucas tried to make the prequels more of a movie FOR the people who grew up on the Original movies. But I think somewhere along the line, he figured that those people grew up boring. Look at the main reasons for conflict in the two trilogies: In the OT, the Empire is destroying planets and ruling through fear. In the prequels, the Trade Federation is sort of rebelling, and the reason involves trade routes. We know that Palpatine is manipulating them, but they themselves don't appear to have any real goals.
0	Certainly better than Moonrise or Darjeeling.
0	Do I have to be a pretentious film maker in order to recognize most of these names?
0	You do realize if the last one you saw was 5, and this one is 7, then you only missed one, right?
0	Interestingly enough, the Complete Mel Brooks bluray set did not include Dead and Loving It. I wasn't that disappointed honestly.
0	The Saw ending made the film for me, but the sequels tried and failed to recapture it.
0	No, we hate him for those reasons, plus also that he is clearly a CGI character.
0	Lol, CGI did not hurt the movies and the cast was pretty good, imo. It simply had bad writing and lazy directing.
0	Starring Superman and Green Lantern.
0	God Help the Girl.
0	wut?
0	"Yeah, I hated the ending to that movie. I wanted him to win so badly but they had to Hollywood ""bad guys don't win""."
0	Stormtroopers were ordered to *not* kill the Death Star escapees, so that the tracking device would lead the Empire back to the Rebel base.
0	it appears John Wick is the best action movie of the year.. possibly of all time.
0	You like it because it's cheesy. Not that difficult to figure out.
0	Daamn now that's a comparison...I should go see this movie.
0	I don't. I loved the movie and went to see what other people thought... It just made me lose faith in movie goers.
0	Loved, loved, *loved* Only Lovers Left Alive . Its whole aesthetic, right down to the stunning soundtrack was so perfect. Those night shots of crumbling Detroit...unnf.
0	His dad didn't make slot machines, and I kinda think that's his point.
0	if it was being made now Legolas, Gandalf, Gimli, Aragorn would each get their own movies as part of a shared universe culminating with The Fellowship of the ring.
0	I can picture it in my head perfectly. It'd work for sure.
0	#ERGO
0	Cold in July was pretty good, not you stereotypical ending which is a good thing I think, I sort of wish it went on longer, but that forces my mind to imagine what the lead role was going to do after the fact. It is worth mentioning that the sound track for this movie was amazing!! If you played the 80s DLC for Farcry 3 the music is nearly identical, freakin' badass.
0	Holy shit I'm trying to keep my composure on the bus after reading that ahaha!
0	I mind. I can't imagine that block of wood Tatum is going to dazzle me with his mastery of the Cajun accent.
0	this particular subreddit has not had a track record of that, ever. And its honestly just really annoying to me when people referr to Reddit as a person. Inanimate objects and websites are not people, Reddit isn't sexist because Reddit doesn't have feelings or preferences. Reddit is a website.
0	To be clear, it's not directed by Del Toro. It's produced by him.
0	It would have to be heavily modified. NO MORE...*INHUMANS*?
0	Implying women even get a chance to direct films about men.
0	its not.. source: Comic Con.
0	Really? I dug on that!
0	He may hate humanity, but he really hates Real Madrid. He's a Barcelona fan instead.
0	RIP Unidan
1	That's how it works right?
0	TBH i don't like its design, i rather prefer it looking more like the comic version, which looks far more badass, well at least its face.
0	Just keep in mind with the subsonic ammo he's using, those rounds have less velocity than my pellet gun.  That's for very close range combat only.  If you were standing and fired straight ahead parallel to the ground, the bullet is in the grass less than 150 feet away.
0	It's a great caliber.  It runs smoothly and hurls 85g Barnes TSX bullets at 3000 fps.  It's probably better than a .300blk past 150, but the 6.8 cartridge limits the size of projectile you can use in an AR15 configuration.  When you're trying to maximize force and your limiting factor is ~1000 fps, the heavier projectile is better.  Therefore the .300 is better for suppressed applications.  I've never run a 6.8 in an SBR, but everything I've read indicates it does well.  It doesn't seem to lose much velocity as the barrel shrinks.
0	Fruit of the sea
0	I convinced a group to go see the midnight release of Transformers 4 at a theater nearby that allows food and drinking (Movie Tavern) under the premise that being drunk and watching robots fight would be fun, plus hot chick. I actually passed out for about an hour and woke up, having not realized I dozed away. It was just a big robot fight scene the whole time. 10/10 would do again.
0	DiCaprio as Jobs? No fuckin' thanks.
0	Aaaaand now I'm watching an hour of FPS Russia.
1	Oh boy! Another Steve Jobs movie!
0	iLaughed.
0	You got the 2008 AACTA Award for Best Sound for the one with Wolverine and Catwoman were cowboys or something.
0	With all of the movies they have planned, I'm sure we'll see him eventually.
1	What Ashton Kutcher didn't do a good enough job?
0	Interesting concept, but I'd just rather see it used with a different story.
0	I want to believe
0	At least 90 courics
0	"Maybe not at the beginning of the film, but it's totally foreshadowing that she will at some point. Her words in the comic con footage (or audio, rather) when it comes to her turn to try are ""I don't think that's a question I need answered."" Whedon's an incredibly smart writer. He wouldn't have her *not* try without going back to it by the end of the film."
0	In the comics they are originally villains that eventually join the Avengers. Speculation is that this movie will follow that idea.
0	60 lbs???
0	Ohhh. Looks kinda dark.
0	You should be proud of yourself for that one.
0	Ohhh ok.  So it isn't just one suit then?  That makes me relieved.  Tony's suits in Iron Man 3 came across as pretty destructible.  I was unsure how this was going to work as the main villain.  Which also explains seeing the hulkbuster fighting Hulk, it's probably not Stark controlling it.
0	I think I would say wait of you're afraid of spoilahs.
0	I think this will be a great continuation with the state of the world after the events of Cap 2. A darker Marvel film that still has the usual charm and banter is my dream, and it totally looks like Avenger 2 will hold up.
0	Cabin in the Woods.
0	Nah, he's under contract for Captain America 3. Plus that Civil War storyline would be pretty lame if Bucky, aka guy who's never interacted with Stark before this film, were to be the head of the anti-registration side of things.
0	Anyone else think of this guy as Erasmus from Dune?
0	I think they are going to show multiple forms of Ultron in this movie. I'm sure at least one of them will look like the classic comic book version. His cyber-goons look sorta like he does in the comics.
0	Looks like hulk and the twins might get mind controlled, maybe by the scepter?
1	But how else would you defeat a invincible supercomputer?!
0	Yes that is definitely the most popular theory I'd say.
0	Bet 3D printing will make this shit crazy
0	I just finished playing through the Max Payne series and I thought I got that vibe from the trailer. I can't wait
0	Are you saying Wild Wild West performed by Will Smith Featuring Dru Hill &amp; Kool Mo Dee wasn't a masterpiece? Because that wouldn't exist if Will was in The Matrix and that would be a travesty.
0	He's talking about Scoot Mcnairy who was spotted with green feet prosthetics or smth during production. People speculated that he was the Flash, but that's obviously not true. The new rumors are that he's either Metallo, or Jimmy Olsen with prosthetics.
1	Now let's not forget doing this with CGI also takes some effort. At least 4 mouse-clicks for this amount of detail. Maybe even 10.
0	I swear every second day something Star Wars related is posted on this sub.
0	I think OP deleted part of his comment and so the context is now gone.
0	Man you gotta have some power to tell disney what to do
0	Agreed.  Burton getting credit for Coraline doubly irritates me because I'm such a Gaiman fan.  Henry Selick really does deserve more praise.  I wonder what he's up to these days.
0	Better Off Dead.
0	I thought Mars Attacks was pretty successful?
0	Correct. It's completed. It's been screen at some festivals. Now it appears to be in post-post development hell.
0	None of these movies came out yet.  I thought 3 of the 4 this year were well-written.
0	Why? That doesn't seem like an appropriate match at all.
0	"Who the fuck is ""Charlle""?"
0	Pretty sure ICP would still suck without the fans
0	...people didn't like Van Helsing?
0	No. We need the kind of Hollywood consumerism that is one actor playing two supers at the same time. I don't know if either counts as supers, but for ease of use that's what I'm going with
0	Haha spot on. The whole movie is serious as hell and then there's that fight scene.
1	I don't know guys, a movie about a viral infection the government failed to prevent? Get real.
0	Get the hell out.
0	Add an uptight mother and an idiotic but kind-hearted father.
1	Just like how My Little Pony isn't a show for little girls. AMIRITE!?!?
0	That, and the main character of the series, Kagome, was absolute ass.  She was so boring and mary sue-ish.
0	I loved Terminator Salvation and Your Highness :(
0	In 2018. Isn't it new?
0	Spider-Gwen is getting her own comic, but it'll hopefully be a Black Cat movie.
0	I hate that they stuffed pop music in these new Spidey movies. They're gonna feel so dated in a few years.
0	My history is fuzzy but I believe he was nominated president because it was around the time tv was becoming popular and they wanted someone who was comfortable in front of a camera....though that may be total bs
0	More tags: big, boobs, sexy, jennifer, lawrence, free, pancakes
0	He's Austrian!!!
0	I meant with the protagonist getting a suit of armor.
1	but they just push a button and a movie comes out
0	racist.
0	fair enough
1	really? Holy shit, I totally thought that Franky was a filmmaker, not a shipwright. Thank you, kind sir, for correcting my misconception
0	No, it really doesn't.
0	I think he will get his chance, I just think Marvel wants a bit more time before they try again after how the last one was received
1	George Lopez
0	Honestly a lot of the phase one movies weren't very good. Captain America , Iron Man 2, and Thor were fairly mediocre. It was simply people being excited about a shared universe that helped the series progress. Phase 2 has been much better as GotG and Captain 2 were much better films than I expected.
0	It's pretty great for job security though. You are pretty much irreplaceable.
0	buy your own popcorn, the difference should be enough to buy your own projector
0	Especially when it says the year at the start of each film lol
0	You're right. His name is Julian Glover and he plays Maester Pycelle on Game of Thrones.
0	Wow, that's incredible. I do believe he could have done it, but I'm glad he didn't; there's no Picard like Patcard.
1	"Boldly left off Crossroads starring Britney Spears with a soundtrack featuring the classic coming of age track ""Not a Girl, Not yet a Woman."""
0	Yeah it was, and zero dark thirty wasn't too bad either. There is a general feeling that there hasn't been a really good WWII film for a while though. Anywho, it comes out here on the 23rd, so I guess I'll judge for myself!
0	I thought he was fantastic. He did gritty Bond well and he did it before Craig, people just weren't ready for him.
1	Great analogy dude, that totally applies here.
0	David Warner is the man and he would have made an awesome Freddy.
0	Probably just different marketing strategies. I live in Norway, there's no connotation between independence day and July 4th over here.
1	Here take this
0	Shit, only just realised.
0	PTA and Anderson fans are alright, they don't exactly rub it in peoples faces.
0	Well they became friends in the movie. It still may have been changed somewhat, but as far as historical movies go, I would say it's pretty accurate overall. I know the real Lauda liked it.
0	Roger Deakins finest work IMO.
0	Nope.
0	The third was absolutley garbage. Terrible writing, terrible acting from a lot of the guys. It had no emotion. It was a horrible film and im glad i didnt pay to see it.
0	I use that terrible line from *Mortal Kombat: Annihilation* as an example of why, in a hypothetical *Mass Effect* film, the whole Benezia story should be seriously tweaked. It would be the nail in the coffin for the possibility of good video game movies if it played out as it did in the games, because it was just so fucking badly written and acted. It still needs to be there to develop Liara as a character, so it's a conflicting situation.
0	I thought it's confirmed that Jackson's cameo character from the Fellowship is the same as in the Desolation of Smaug.
0	You don't like eggs? Just stop eating food.
0	what
0	Is that 1923 version of the Ten Commandments available anywhere online?
1	Because they kill people for having different beliefs. Duh!
0	I'd also recommend the underrated *eXistenZ*
0	Because OP is part of the short and wants us all to know about it?
0	So the Inception teaser, right?
0	The avengers has lots of those. Joss does them very well.
0	Sure, those might have been the real reasons in pre-production, but it would have been a completely different movie if those characters would have come back. I'm sure a lot of people wanted to see a more action-oriented sequel to Aliens with at least Michael Biehn kicking more ass, but again... would have been a completely different movie.
0	Gay Freddy is underated
0	Cpl. Timothy E. Upham.
0	I also considered that, but apparently he's about to have a new show airing?  Maybe he's got things better under control these days.
1	Maybe u r m8. GET ON MY LEVEL!!!
0	I had to check my calendar.
1	I know we're all looking forward to seeing Tremors 5.
0	he won't. There's always someone willing to take the check.
0	But guys! Japan is so *special*!
0	It's Dreamworks. While I'll watch it as a huge GitS fan I'm not expecting anything good.
0	Dead Alive aka Brain dead is an amazing movie by PJ.  Also The Frighteners and Heavenly Creatures
1	Russell Crowe. He makes Best Picture Winners!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	It was considered too comedic so they cut it.
0	GIVE ME HELLBOY 3 DAMNIT!
0	Thanks for posting so many high-res shots! Really conveys all the detail put into it. Hope to go some day!
0	"""Damnit, John stop horsing around and get on set!"""
0	lol
0	what did he say?
1	Right? Sylvester Stallone nailed his role as judge dredd!
1	SPOILERS
0	comic book movies are the shakespeare of our time
0	Pretty good magician as well
0	"[Captain America 2 spoiler and Agents of Shield spoilers](#s ""Shield is controlled by HYDRA (The Nazi like group in the first Captain America movie) on the show a few agents in the cast are revealed to be Hydra as well but to fully understand what is going on you have to watch Captain America 2 to understand how this is possible. "")"
0	I must be some sort of contrarian. I think Eisenberg could be really good, but Momoa as Aquaman might be very bad. I really want Aquaman to be good but don't think he has the acting chops.
0	Ezra Miller. WTF. You mean we're rebooting Flash AGAIN from the new TV show which just came out. FACE PALM!
0	I think I am the only person that doesn't like comic book movies.
0	"""Who's Bruce Wayne? He sounds like a cool dude."""
0	I was simply referring to a couple of decades ago when Lucas did decide some T. Zahn material was canon.
0	Smaller names doesn't equate to anything, it's all about the writing. Sure, having Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt in a movie might pull you out but actors like Clooney are capable of making you forget they're on screen.
0	I did, and I'm pretty certain that 90% of it will be new.
0	They needed to kill some of it. I don't really agree with the killing the pre-movie stuff but obviously it's in Disney's best interest if they ever feel like expanding into that area. I think a big bonus here is that we are going to have a huge amount of new material coming down the pipe.
0	A funeral pyre isn't going to be hot enough to melt steel, or whatever the hell his helmet/armor is made of.
1	What type of ego casts himself as a main character in his own movie?
0	sorry you feel that way about transformers but i think they are fun movies, when i go to watch a movie its not for superstar acting or to make me go through some life changing event or to connect with the characters, its to have fun
0	Shhhhh
0	There always are
0	Oh yeah I agree, he really killed it. I just wanted to point out the resemblance.
0	cars and planes make great toys. toys make a lot more money than movies
0	Which is based on the same one... just because someone hasn't had their own movie or SHIELD episode yet doesn't mean they aren't around.
0	The Nightmare Before Christmas. Danny Elfman. 'Nuff said.
0	No. You have a bad movie, with too many characters. Followed by a lot of upset fans complaining about their superhero not getting enough attention. It's happening with the X-Men films alone.
0	nice
0	Or Doctor Strange. He travels between dimensions all the time. Would be the perfect opportunity if they wanted to go that route.
0	REMAKING A CARTOON SERIES? BETTER MAKE EVERYTHING DARKER AND MORE SERIOUS.
0	And how will they get hulk in a spaceship?
0	No, they are not.
1	I think infinite Quiver might be a super power
0	"I mean, it would've made a lot of sense for him to show up in CA2. The whole fucking end of the movie would have been a lot easier if they just called Ironman in instead of the good guys all standing there saying ""How are we gonna take down that giant flying thing? If only somebody else could fly up there and deal with it..."""
1	It's fun to call women cunts! And it's great because it doesn't reflect on how I think about women as a whole at all!
0	"I don't necessarily ""believe"" anything, it's what I know. I know that there is an article that is making a pretty extreme claim and is providing no source for that claim. Until someone from Marvel says something, I won't fall for speculation."
0	I think so. Granted I'm not a movie buff but from what I've seen it's usually included in that genre.
0	Shit I AM part of that demographic and I find him terrible, except when he's got a smaller role and is being directed by someone I respect (Fincher, Abrams)
0	The Pacifier.  Same old tough guy watching a bunch of wacky kids but somehow mysteriously its better than the others.
0	I almost always hear praise for the editing in the film. In fact this is the first time I have heard anything negative about it. And this is coming from a film editing major.
0	I've heard that melted gold actually looks that...unreal melted.
0	You know I just realised I have never seen A Fish Called Wanda
1	Zombies of course
0	Much cheaper to blow up a bus or fake parked plane vs a real plane.
0	What is a bugger? A booger?
0	man, I wish her nude selfies were in the cloud. would've made the fappening much better.
0	"The guy in that makeup likes to market himself as ""the first Jason"" and a has a band where they play like four songs all Jason themed.  He plays a keyboard glued to a giant prop sword."
0	It's your opinion that it's silly to have a different opinion than yourself?
0	I disagree with your statement and I do not see how you could not at least appreciate the production value, score, and energy put into a scene like this one.
0	They could Fargo it.
0	Yeah, I think you're right
0	I haven't seen any teaser that says that.
0	I don't agree with that kind of voting, but people should try to explain why they dislike something especially when it's liked by so many people.  Like the guy who hated Seven Psychopaths.
1	**WHITE PEOPLE SOLVED RACISM**
0	Charming... Do you only like stupid movies?
1	Woosh!
0	so sad, this.  if you read the back story stuff it's pretty damn interesting, but none of that made it's way to the screen
0	And then we realize his entire career has just been one giant performance art project. One that he has been secretly filming this whole time and that film will be his crowning glory.
0	Now THAT'S a roast!
0	Yeah but the last check goes towards next month every time. That middle payday on three check months.... That's where the magic happens
0	This movie doubles as a Halloween movie and a Christmas movie. Hard to pull off.
1	What is this shit? It doesn't even have giant robots destroying cities!
1	As a citizen of western Kentucky, I'm stunned
0	The Hobbit would be an obvious choice.
0	I hope they don't try to church up the sequel too much.
0	I was at a screening of This is Spinal Tap where Harry Shearer did a Q&amp;A afterwards. I asked him if they were trying to riff on any particular bands, and he said that what they were trying to do, musically, was 70s/80s hard rock as generic and unoriginal as possible. So that's why it tends to seem like it could be a satire of countless bands of the era.
0	Must be in their genes
0	"""Someone I don't know accuses someone I like of doing something bad? Nonsense."""
0	For me as well. The end of the world is coming in the film and I was just wishing I didn't  have to spend time watching such dull and unlikable characters.
0	"Wasn't it great? I missed it at the cinema and only got around to watching it the other day too, after an impulse DVD purchase. Always good to find something the critics were ""meh"" about at the time that turns out to be quietly splendid. So many of the scenes in it are just thoughtful and have clearly been shot by someone with An Eye rather than just someone pointing a camera at a thing happening. It's nice."
0	Oh, God, you're right.  Bridget Jones was like, what, 15 years ago?  Shit, I'm old.
0	Say what you will about the man himself, he makes a mean documentary
0	Was it a bad movie sure, but if it wasn't made, we wouldn't have so many classic Arnold/Mr. Freeze quotes.  I don't want to live in that world.
0	I heard he was barely in it, and whenever you don't see a close-up of his face it's a stand-in. He was too busy smoking weed in his trailer and demanding to be referred to as 'Blade' to actually get in front of the cameras.
0	Yep, I've been gifted gold twice, with a total of maybe 18 upvotes between the two comments.
0	I didn't think much of the trailer but I am interested to see the movie, so... I guess in the end it was a good trailer?
0	Personally, I preferred it. The first one felt like the entire this relied on nostalgia, rather than creating an actual plot.
0	incredibly dissapointed this is not about the belgian EDM festival
0	I'm feeling pretty good today
0	I'm not american, so to me the only Tomorrowland i knew of was the festival.
0	Exactly. And (especially in recent Bond films) the Bond movies don't always portray women as devious femme fatales or weak damsels in distress, with nothing in between. Even in the Connery films, female characters like Tatiana Romanova and Domino Derval didn't fit into any one of those extreme stereotypes.
0	Sshhh we take the drugs at the theatre
0	I don't care how much or little this shows, I'm taking Brad Bird's advice and going to go into the movie blind
1	But that's wut she does because she FAT get it!?!? Lolololol
0	Meh. Not worth the time.
0	Most of what I see here are a bunch of negative fortune tellers.
1	And no one ever needs to see anything about it know, how about that! :D
0	It sticks out like a sore thumb. I didn't appreciate how hard they laid it out. the woman delivering the line may as well have winked at the camera.
0	Or golf.
0	"Not in a lot of detail. I think there was a line where it just says ""There was a terrible battle"""
0	Yeah I agree
0	If we were being fair then they would be true to the book, and not what they are
0	Redditors are generally racists and misogynists. Are you really that surprised? This place is fucked up and hates non-white males doing anything so it is what it is.
0	Very true. Hopefully this new acting endeavor isn't as bad as his baseball one.
0	Making obvious nods to them being women doing all the hard work. I'd enjoy it more if the movie showcases their camaraderie without devolving into stereotypes.
0	Aww, bitch!
0	For starters: (Francis) Coppola, Fincher, Lumet, Kubrik, Bertolucci, Levinson.
0	I would love to see Lewis play as a 5 year old though. If any adult actor can pull it off, its him.
0	This is probably the video I was thinking of
0	Chavs are extreme caricatures of tough guys.
0	Exactly, nobody but Bay would have shot him to fame so quickly.  Sure people knew who he was before but those movies jumpstarted his career from Disney actor to blockbuster actor.  Now he can more easily transition to excellent actor.  I've liked a lot of his more recent work, he can be a price in real life but so are a lot of people.
0	I don't think the logic checks out here. Just because an event was terrible is not a reason to make a film about it. If the filmmakers have something interesting to say about the event, then go for it. It could turn out to be a great film. It could also be awful, but hey, that doesn't really have anything to do with the event they're making the film about, and more to do with the skill of the filmmakers.
1	In pulp fiction when they start talking about big kahuna burger was a little over the top. I've never even heard of them anyplace else. Probably went out of business soon afterwards.
0	No I understood it - a couple hours after the second viewing. I just loved how it ended like that. Very abrupt with no explication until you figure it out yourself. It's ambiguous but not beyond explanation.
0	He wanted Jayden to be the general of the human army and the aliens can only detect him if they smell his fear and there definitely needs to be baboons and a giant eagle.
0	Bahn Jorrrno
0	Nyet! Pay dat man heez myuney
1	WHAT A GREAT, RELEVANT TIME TO BRING UP SCIENTOLOGY. THANK YOU
0	"In desolation of smaug I expected ""Press A to skip"" to show up in the corner at any second."
0	Can, and will!
0	Interesting look at his early style
0	Yeah, since Spidey is a fucking money machine. Five Spider-Man films have made like half a million less than nine Batman films. Now that Sony has had a taste of the cash cow they don't seem to know what the hell they're doing with it, and if they don't hand it over I could see it blowing up in their face.
0	I never realized this. I also had no idea who he was until 21 Jump Street.
0	I LIKE it. I like it a LOT.
0	That drives me up THE WALL.
0	You had me at Terry Crews, but lost me at Kevin Hart.
0	#40 - is that... Frank Skinner?
1	No, it's a really good contribution to a movie discussion!  Who would have thought that a random person would find an attractive actress suitable for sex?  I want to hear more.
0	The opening track is one of my favorites!
1	You are one witty and original mofo
0	Bit late to the discussion, but I just thought of something.  How did Rita know that receiving a blood transplant nixed her ability to repeat?  Isn't that the sort of thing that only her (permanent) death would reveal?
0	For a long time I would have thought a comment like yours was just grumbling. But these last few years in Hollywood cinema (also starting to learn a little more about the industry) has really shown otherwise. There is a pervasive paranoid fear of the original out there. The only examples of people dodging it are those who put in their time on reboots to develop a good relationship with studios. Eg, Chris Nolan doing Batman with WB then Inception after that series is successful.
0	I wasn't a big fan of the original, but I looooved the remake.
0	he was also one of the least prominent cast members of SNL. He was barely in any skits, and was only memorable for his inability to remain in character for more than 4 seconds.
0	Yeah, I watched The Raid with dub once with my brother because he doesn't like subtitles, and it really confirmed by belief that the actor's voice is always a better choice, at least for live action. In particular, the boss talking over the intercom is so much more menacing in Indonesian, just because of tone, inflection, etc.
1	Do you want to wait a decade for reboots to come out? I for one am hoping that they start streamlining the process a little more. Maybe every five years at first, then three....and finally arriving at the point where I can visit a ten theater building and hop from theater to theater watching remakes of the movies I just finished watching. How about it Hollywood?
0	I'll save you the trouble, they really are watching him, his paranoia turns out to be justified.
1	Don't question it man he was being brave and sacrificing himself
0	To be fair, NoTLD was inspired by I Am Legend, so it's not like it was an entirely unrelated movie.
0	Especially if he's in large part responsible for the resolution of the plot.
1	Because no Jonah Hill or Channing Tatum
0	If you mean puts in an awesome badass performance no matter the movie, then yes.
0	The MUTO in Godzilla.
0	It can damage textiles.
0	I thought it was more of a problem for truly ancient painting and other works of art where light will do real damage to it. Not really for things that are 20 years old.
1	*They're all shills! Wake up sheeple!!!*
0	Came here to say this.
0	Meh. I found the trailer for the original was funnier than the actual movie.
0	The Spanish Prisoner
0	The second movie went all-out on the comedic front. I feel like the first Clerks is actually a good movie, which I wouldn't say for the second (though it is funny, possibly funnier though not in my opinion).
0	You aren't. I don't understand what the fuck this actually is. And I don't care to see it.
0	Open the throat. Relax the jaw.
0	"This is only the 75th time this movie has been ""confirmed"". Give it up, it's not happening."
0	French with subs!
0	It's the exact same process though.
0	The new Godzilla movie was alright. Godzilla just looks oddly overweight in it.
1	Oh good cause I NEEDED an  additional incentive to buy this movie.
0	*Taken* surprised me when I first saw it. It's pretty dark for what was otherwise an ordinary (but very good) action flick.
0	I might be wrong but to me it looks like his fingers are on the wrong side of her arm in the last two frames shown.
1	It's funny cause it sounds foreign and not white, therefore these idiots can't get it right!
1	Yea, cuz the last couple X-Men movies were SO terrible
0	What have you done for your country lately?
0	I guess that now they're making two Shield TV shows they feel like they aren't as big of a deal when they can just tie in an episode of one of the two.
0	Well, I tend to like movies based off their quality (which is an opinion).  And the quality of Hope and Empire are pretty high.
1	Oh guess I'll buy it now
0	I saw those other movies and it still stucked.
1	cuz it's le epik maymay XD
0	It is.
1	Failure to adapt? Every movie now is an adaptation! All they do is adapt.
0	I bet you think we all can dunk huh Costanza
0	I disagree, 95% of what made the Incredibles work, was ripping off from |Lee Kirby Fantastic Four. It worked then, it will work now. But it will be harder since Incredibles magpied all the stuff that made FF so awesome.
0	Working too much overtime at Comcast?
0	I too took a shit while reading it. Shit won the race.
0	I'm in a hospital, what could go wrong?
0	It's based on his Biography so I really don't think it's a war-thriller.
0	Looks amazing!
0	"Right? All I can hear in my head is Ashley Judd screaming ""I'm sick of it! I'm sick of it!"""
0	Don't you dare fuck with it's always sunny in Philadelphia
0	Best show on tv.  Would be worth it for Eva Green alone, but the writing and other acting are excellent too.  Just wish the seasons were longer.
0	Now I have to watch Monster's University again to look for Easter eggs.
0	I think the reason for the hate was that the other roles he was in didn't really make him seem like a joker type person.
0	It doesn't look any good to me right now.
0	Ratatouille was 7 years ago, the Incredibles was 10!!!
0	What's the basis? We ain't goin nowhere but got suits and cases.
0	I have to laugh at reddit's faux-outrage over anti-vaxxers. A demographic of **childless** STEM majors who distrust government and big powerful corporations, when it comes to the NSA and Comcast, getting outraged over others' distrust of government and big corporations like big pharma pushing their children into a cocktail of diluted germs/viruses because Neil DeGrasse Tyson said it's totally okay. It's science.
0	"Are we talking about bald corrupt cops or are we talking about the ""not superheroes"" Shield team?"
1	I hope his ensemble comes with him! That'd be sweet!
1	OMG. Does this mean we'll be seeing Jack and Jill 2? So excited!
1	Sweet! That should motivate him to create some better content.
0	Rob Schneider is the leash.
0	You were the chosen one! It was said that you would destroy the bullshit not join it! Bring balance to the industry, not leave it in darkness!
0	Couldn't tell you, I don't watch that shit.
0	That's what I was thinking too. This doesn't need a sequel.
1	he makes pretty good beer too.
0	Kevin Smith is a hack fraud one hit wonder like M. Night Shamalayan that's why it did poorly.
1	Ha nice may may you get it off le 9gag?
0	Yup, this was the moment that completely derailed the film for me. It's just too big a gap and he's supposed to be broke!
1	"Yeah ""DREDD"" already has 3 D's"
0	I think that's the *least* of the reasons that movie sucked.
0	Well there is also a shot or two that reminds me of Dave and the magic space lights.
0	I feel stupid! What's the middle one from?
0	Penn Cinema is definitely the BEST theater I've ever been to!
0	"Quit trying to make ""streets ahead"" a thing, Pierce."
0	IT WAS ONLY A KISS
0	I don't know what it is, but ever since Regular Show has started I feel like Mark Hamill is becoming more and more like Skips
0	He was in a limo.  Have you ever seen anyone wear a seat belt in the back of a limo?
0	I guess he is saying that he doesn't want to be tied down with a 6 film contract. A shitty film once in a while is okay, but a series of movies he doesn't care about? I doubt he would do it.
1	Because marvel movies are all about the serious acting!
0	That was a bad movie?
1	Oh yeah you mean that awful movie that made cinematic history and is the closest adaptation of a real life on screen? Yeah who could like that.
0	That's not only an impressive understanding of the film, but yeah, that's kinda close to what I was seeing. I meant like, every plot-altering decision he made within the film, he not only doesn't the intended result, but it makes everything worse.
0	well the faces aren't either
0	"It looks like one of the fake movie posters shown by Access Hollywood in Tropic Thunder; ""Chitlin &amp; The Dude!"""
0	Superbad, Back to the Future, Ferris Bueller's Day Off
0	on my penis.
0	Sounds like it was just a joke, imo.
0	I love that star wars is getting a bit more color. I can't only recall two black guys in star wars and kids of all colors need scifi role models to look up to.
0	Rosamund Pike in *Gone Girl*!
0	Kids these days don't have fathers making them watch good movies from their childhood like my dad did, in hindsight he might have started too early though, 5 years old is a bit early to be a James Bond fan perhaps
0	Because he's all class.
0	"I think at least some of them are saying ""congratulations, you managed to figure out one of the most obvious symbols in the movie"". Even so, I guarantee you you didn't know how it was going to play out of what the context would be. If you honestly had, then you would need to get the Hell off Reddit and go write Hollywood blockbusters."
0	But Revan murdered Jolee Bindoo. That wasn't very Revan of him/her
0	Han shot first
0	A 4K version would be golden, though. It's no longer possible from the original master tapes as they were ruined :(
0	Did you miss where Peter implied that he's came everywhere on his ship?
0	We are Groot.
0	"""150 kills?  Yeah, that sounds like some free marketing for us.  Make it an even 255 for all we care."""
1	Yeah, because Ted 2 is really up to par with Star Wars or Jurassic World.
0	Those subreddits are at least not circlejerk fests like advice animals and world news. I enjoy their conversation and content far more honestly.
0	God that movie was painful.
0	That's what happens when you don't lock the clamps.
1	Sheesh! Peasants!
0	you're right, i don't know how the movie ends and it's ok if people downvote me, but my guess (!) is that some (most?) people know of this story through the movie and don't know how it all ends.
0	No, he meant *in the same year* Serkis would have been in all of those movies from all those different universes.
0	Stop-Motion Animation fits those criteria
0	Well that explains his other films.
0	He pays the Sarlacc
0	The truth is it was serkis
0	Was Boba Fett a Mandalorian?
1	Apparently, there will be no sith-jedi duals, but the bad guys in episode 7 are  Inquisitors. They use bible power and lamb sacrifice to charge for a sparkle attack for +5 damage w 50% chance of  combo crucifixion multiplier. I'm definitely a good source.
0	Health?
1	I don't know why they didn't just shoot there. Would've saved them a fortune from having to render a broken-down dystopia.
0	Yes, they aren't magic potions that get you huge and ripped by injecting yourself and sitting around eating cookies. They often allow you to recover quicker(and therefore train more intensely amd more often), but you still have to have dedication and train hard. A lot.
0	They were shooting down a hallway... They were bound to hit something. I'm not one of the people who believe that the Stormtroopers are incompetent, but the prequels did a bad job at establishing as the deadly marksmen they are
0	Did she say something about her not liking the movie because of feminism or something.
1	I'd put Captain America 2 on there.
0	Execute order 66
0	Wait.. How is there a black storm trooper? I thought they were all clones of Boba Fett?
1	I can't wait for a Cass Blanca 2
0	Carrie Fisher's daughter is actually in the movie ;p But I think it isn't big role, not sure if we know anything about it.
0	Just get a custom small cake made to look like a sock and post a time lapse (or sped up video) of you eating the whole thing. You'll get kudos for tenacity of nothing else.
1	My user name should be read with
0	Nope. Not canon anymore.
0	It also gets everywhere. Right Padme? ;) eeee-vu-ry where.
0	I think everyone is surprised because Tangled didn't get a sequel, and the ending wrapped up things pretty nicely.
0	If she doesnt understand shes not worth it
0	If that's all PatrickClifton meant, then it had nothing to do with the comment he replied to; Kevin Smith seeing a few shots edited in order (but not done with post production) has nothing to do with whether or not scenes would be ready for a trailer (i.e. post production).  That's what I'm pointing out.
0	Actually I'd say Half Cuban 8, being as how they roll from inverted then pull up to level off at functionally 0 AGL.
0	Ok I'm ready for my 2nd, just send me a message or something.
0	If you see the leaked concept art, this is most definitely the case. The helmet is reminiscent of a Knights as well.
0	So, my takeaway was that every trilogy is going to introduce a new lightsaber design.
0	SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK! SOCK!
0	I have the impression it was actually Batman, who will definitely be in the movie.
0	I thought that it was Max Von Sydow
0	Oh, you mean like how when QuiGon (I'm so sorry for the spelling) rams his saber into the shield doors at the beginning of episode 1 and it doesn't just instantly go through? The lightsaber appears to project out from the hilt and if it meets interference, the length of the blade is reduced to the contact point or as deep as it can destroy the interference material, which increases over time. This would suggest that the dimensions of the lightsaber are not fixed, but determined by the position of the hilt and projected outward. However, lightsabers also interact with each other horizontally, as if the light blade were a rigid object along its length and incapable of deflection. So, lightsabers make no god damn sense at all. Conclusion: it's a movie.
0	That's true of all lightsabers. The blades are weightless and there's said to be an awkward gyroscopic effect. It's been stated to be all but impossible for normal folk to wield them without losing chunks of flesh in the process.
0	That Apple money must be really nice.
0	They released online too due to it only releasing in 300 theaters and fans being upset, not sure why you'd be upset about that.
0	I have a feeling Apple wrote a large check for this to happen
0	Fuck the YouTube version, where's the gif?
0	She may not have the most gorgeous face in the world but she has a smoking hot body and she's an amazing actress. You sir, are a fool.
0	"""But money..."" - The Studio"
1	I saw the orignal art then the trailer. Moses was an Alien/human hybrid. It cant be worse.
0	I don't know how long dinosaurs live, but 21+ years seems like a long ass time.  I would think that genetic splicing might weaken the animal right from the start.
0	Watching a scary movie at night with in a room with those double glass doors frightening.
0	I'm usually the guy that can't stand horror because of how dumb the characters are and there decisions. But with *Saw* there isn't any of that issue. It was just straight suspense/horror and it's awesome.
0	John Carter's trailers didn't get a big fat red Marvel logo at the start. It's an apples and oranges comparison.
0	The dinner table scene in American History X.
0	Possibly, but I think the first weekend box office will be pretty big. Lots of Terminator fans will go just to see how bad it is.
0	I'm pretty sure this is a still from the movie.  The dinosaur effects have come a long way in 20 years.
0	Because the real thing isn't fucking done yet. Seriously, the explination is in every goddam thread and you still can't be bothered to read it?
1	Nolan? Pretentious? No way!
0	He still owes the IRS money. He's probably doing this shitty movies to pay that off.
1	Yeah, The Iron Giant and The Lion King were awful
0	It would. From what I know Gareth Edwards is a huge fan of using as much real world stuff as he can and can be a tad insane with making scenes.
0	Joker climbing in to the bus leaving the hospital and no one saying anything. Or somehow getting by with his disguise at all.
1	B...BLASPHEMY!
0	I saw lens flare!!
0	The Last of the Mohicans. One long chase. Thrilling and emotional and  beautiful. Incredible score.
1	Child porn just wouldn't be the same if the main attractions became cgi.
0	You're right, it looks like Steve Zissou... a character Bill played.
0	It's very well put together. Especially the music, lots of improvised jazzy drum solos. I'm too tired to give a detailed review but I guarantee you it'll be worth your time.
0	I don't think there's a moment in the trailer -- I was referring to the positions/pacing of the (nowadays obligatory) key parts of the formula discussed in Save the Cat.  Sorry I wasn't more clear on that.
0	In glorious 480p
0	Looks like about 7-8 possible photographs taken in a studio and lazily stitched together in Photoshop.
0	He could have said it gentler, but I don't know about better.
0	Netflix's Game of Thrones
0	Watched that a bit ago because it was free on Xbox live. Awesome movie. Will watch again.
1	but what were you expecting? its robots smashing monsters man!
0	"Too bad that I can't DVR the limited time ones. ""December 3rd-6th:"" etc"
1	No, man; you don't understand. It was all done on purpose because Del Toro is such a genius. It's the greatest love letter to animes and kaiju movies. The makers of PR poured their heart into it, they have true passion for the material; it almost makes me want to cry.
0	Well that's just rude, I'd rather try and find some enjoyment in most things, at the same time though i'm just just gonna like something because everyone says its great.
0	If it has to be made, get Duncan Jones please.
0	CTRL+F Homicide. No results. :(
0	Ever seen Species?
0	Um that was amazing.
0	"""Not allowing opinion"". First of all: wot. Secondly: Criticism of an opinion is not censorship."
1	And instead Sony used these for the Lizard in ASM1
0	Master Trolls.
0	Wow you must be from the future! Since you've seen the movie can you tell me one thing (Don't worry about spoilers) but how does it end and is it open ended for a JP5/JW2?
0	I'd have been okay with it because that shit looks like Turok and I needs me some Turok Movie.
0	Seems like the scene shows the flawed logic in both sides of the argument.
0	My biggest take away from this is just how fucking weird Shelley Duvall looks.
0	"Who knows.  From what I've read the originals dabbled a lot with experimental animals for the military.  Maybe the rework to that is that this ""hybrid"" isn't for the park, it's just being tested elsewhere and happens to get loose and by doing so wrecks some shit up."
0	Personally I didn't care that much.  I don't care if they change the ethnicity of a character.  People are too hyper sensitive about race.
0	That book was my shit when I found it on the shelf in grade 5.
0	That was all very interesting, but I think I'd also add that in the original they used a decent amount of puppets or animatronics, which worked well for dinosaurs as well. I think nowadays productions rely more heavily on CG, and less directing and whatnot is influenced by what is or isn't possible. Basically anything is possible now.
0	Chris Pratt riding a motorcycle next to a pack of raptors? Count me in.
0	So you're aware he can be serious but worried he can't be at the same time?
0	That's Iron Sky 2
1	CGI looks like shit, wouldn't have went to see this.
0	I've had it up to the gills with these puns!
0	It's a good thing Gennaro got eated in the first one, he sure wouldn't have cleared that spectacle with the liability insurance involved.
0	You totally can. Dialogue can be re-arranged if it can be dubbed over shots that aren't looking right at the characters.
1	Oh come on, it's great! I bet you hated the monkey scene in Indiana Jones 4 too!
0	I was excited until they mentioned hybrid dinosaurs and then seeing the raptor squad roll out. The movie is supposed to be man vs nature. Not man enslaving nature to defeat man again!
1	Looks like a 100% original idea.
1	What an amateur production... making a REAL gate to use, filming REAL ocean, REALISTIC characters. Glad we don't do that anymore
0	i think its that way because its over produced. Everything you see is so specifically crafted to seem big budget that we are at the edge of our seat waiting for the next line. And when it comes it feels.....forced. It felt like a hollywood trailer and not completely immersive like the first movie. I felt I was in the park in that movie. Everything seemed a bit more real
0	"""Best motion picture ever made""? I *really* wouldn't go that far."
0	The difference is that there is a whole new generation of kids that haven't seen it unlike the majority of us.  These kids will hopefully be similarly inspired like we were in '93.  A whole new generation of dino-inspired kids. I like the idea of that.  It might not blow my mind, but if my kid pees his pants like I did, then the cycle is complete.
0	Avatar was a completely different ballgame because almost the whole thing was CG / Motion Capture and it was made for 3D.
1	Why, because crows and falcons can't be trained so it'd be stupid to try and train raptors?
0	There's some pretty shitty CGI in there.
1	Sounds like that film with those monkey guys
0	Motherfucker, I'm in a lecture. Quick, describe it to me!
0	Ya...that didn't look that great to be honest.  And it could be that the trailer was just put together really poorly...poorly chosen dialogue scenes, maybe even the music at the end was really badly chosen for the frame?  IDK...I was hyped for this, but watching that trailer, I lost it.  I'll wait for the next trailer and see how it plays out.
1	I only watch movies with characters who are exactly the same level of sociable as me.
0	They're not awful for the saga but they're bad movies.  There is no character development, no character arc, no motivation other than what is equivalent to Person A reading a sign and doing what the sign says.
0	I posted a slightly more fleshed out response in a comment response below
1	Yes because no bad movie does well in the theaters ever and no brilliant movie ever does poorly. Transformers is ten times the movie Fight Club is.
0	you're also forgetting that there's make up. Ton of it.
0	In high school you was da maaaan homie
0	It would still be organised crime though.
0	True, I skimmed the article too fast!
0	It's called a new dawn?
0	"Who is ""Joe Wright""? Does he really warrant his name in front of the title? Like _Stanley Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange_?"
0	Star Wars... Because Space Battles was already taken.
0	About as much as Finding Nemo.
0	Getting excited isn't the same as spending my money. And who gives a shit if Michael Bay gets work?
0	Dr. Wu!
0	Does he change wigs from time to time or no?
0	Just like people get as hype as possible for movies there are people who try as hard as possible to not like movies.
0	Well now I don't know what to believe.
0	Both are part of the Marvel universe.
0	Chaos, uh, finds a way
0	Loved his role in Machete Kills. Must have been Robert Rodriguez that connected him to Tarantino
0	I don't think anyone considers that a war movie though. It takes place during one, for sure, but it's the war is not its focus. It'd be like saying *Casablanca* is a war film.
0	Well, there it is.
0	*4 years, it comes out in 2018, and would film 2017 probs.
0	The whole last scene is unbelievable.
0	The initial trailers showed him with a vastly different voice than was in the movie
0	You just mean the black widow
0	I think that is because the other ones are oldish. They probably want to familiarize people who don't know the originals with the tech behind the park. Apparently this is 20 odd years later and the park has been operational for awhile.
1	You don't buy into him yet? how dare you, affleck is perfect batman
0	One is funny, one isn't.
0	I was signed as an extra for this movie, but never made it to the shoot :(
1	No! That top comment on Youtube states that this movie is using shitty Hollywood movie CGI and that this movie is therefore terrible despite the CGI only being lightly completed because there's 7 months between the trailer and the official release. You don't understand! incomplete CGI makes that movie horrible!
0	Yea, I really don't like that part either.
0	Come and get one in the yarbles, if you have any yarbles, you eunuch jelly thou.
1	SPOILERS OH MY GOD. HOW CAN THEY JUST SHOW THE DINOSAURS LIKE THAT.
0	Hey, Raul Julia! I was wondering what he'd been up to since that Street Fighter movie.
0	No. Gravity was the definition of a visual story.
0	You need to watch Timecrimes
0	No thanks
0	I wouldn't go that far, I think they're pretty good overall. It's just that I waited four years for the final Dark Knight movie, and I was a huge fan of that series. I can wait an extra year for a complete end to a series I think is kind of cool.
0	That's a pretty bad justification, but it made me smile and chuckle so you win this time.
0	It belongs in a museum.
0	It seems the consensus is CGI. Why does the Hobbit look like a soap opera though? I don't kmow how to explain it, but it just has this look to it that I've only seen in soap operas. I don't know if its lighting or how its filmed/directed but I'd be I interested to understand why this is.
0	i really enjoyed timecrimes, breath of fresh air
0	He's one of the screenwriters.
0	They are going to milk that trilogy for all its worth. What bullshit.
0	BOROMIR!!!!!!!
1	but hey, we have to stay *faithful to the written material*
0	I remember randomly catching it on cable one day...Was totally wtf'ing when it cut to commercial break.
0	It's been long enough.
0	They don't. The LOTR movies look great but the Hobbit movies do as well, faring slightly better because the Hobbit has more vibrant colors and a higher-resolution camera.
0	alright sorry for the harsh words, i see your point but i was just talking about how the black and white lets you focus on dualogue based movies like those.
0	He said he didn't miss it, he's become quite a musician. Watch Little Shop of Horrors, he's got some great vocals in that film.
0	Crash and burn?
0	Plus spiders. Soooo many spiders.
0	Yeah, the CGI is kinda ruining it.
0	Give him a break, its the first time in years he isnt whoring out a established frenchise like he did with the SW prequels and the famous Fridge indi.
0	I heard one guy say he gifted it to his girlfriend. Most probably had the backstory of some sort, and be it from Wikipedia. It was the minority who didn't have background knowledge or had forgotten what they knew. I was in the premiere though, the rates could be different in later screenings.
0	Yup that's it.
0	He isn't rebooting or making a sequel to the show, he is doing it for the movie. Pretty much wiping out the shows.
0	Yeah, cancer is officially how he died. I was referring to his declining mental state and life in general was due to drugs and alcohol.
0	Hmm, that sounds like an intriguing film.
0	My post wasn't a yes or no question.
1	"But what part of the above comment is even close to a decent criticism? Some douche says ""you're not as clever as you think you are"" and we're supposed to applaud him for it? The OP created something to share and some sad fuck feels the need to shit on it. Let's all shower him with upvotes."
0	"I feel like it would've been better to have said, ""I'll let it slide,"" or whatever the actual quote is when the warden let's him keep it."
0	5/11 not loud enough
0	Because money.
1	Don't you get it?  That girl was fat, so when she falls it's like extra funny LOL XD
0	*Come with me if you want to not die!*
0	Oh there is tonnes of over the top stupidity lol but mixed in with some layered jokes to.
1	Clearly Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift since it's now a prequel and not last in chronological order.
0	Its on Hulu plus
0	My SO randomly put it on to as just background noise for sexy times. Movie got so good, we never finished.
0	RIP. Brilliant director.
1	Do we really NEED another comic book movie?!?!?
0	Pitch Perfect 2: Aca-Apocolypse
0	The only way I like this film is by convincing myself that those aren't wolves but dire wolves.
0	Surely thats anti-surveillance more than anti-technology?
0	Beerfest
0	"""Do I *want* to win an award from these people?"""
0	It was terrible. I recommend doing literally anything else with your time.
1	It's cause he's black, isn't it?
0	Uninitiated
0	Does this really deserve *that* many downvotes?
1	Pretentious and overrated amirite
0	No, no, that's not true, that's impossible!
1	Alien gets dipped in black goo, becomes super alien
1	SPOILERS!!!!
0	I swear to god Batman actively tries to get caught.
0	Willow Creek.
0	Ohhh! An article on page who most recent post is from July?! Good source!
0	That's great, bud!
1	As a side note: all climate change documentaries are banned in the Land Down Under.
0	The fairy god mother says they are remarkably comfortable.  Who are you to question magic?
0	Hurry, come in! You have a few great things to watch followed by hundred of hours of shite!
0	NCIS: Blackman &amp; Robin
0	Blame corporate.  SBUX employs are trained to confirm your order with the correct corporate language.   If you want to get made, write a letter or make a movie and include a scene that makes fun of SBUX naming system.  But don't get mad at the employee, they are just trying to do their job right.
0	Moneyball. Not a huge sports movie fan but this movie keeps me so captivated whenever I watch it. Beautiful cinematography, great story, great acting from Pitt, and a breakout dramatic performance from Jonah Hill.
0	The documentary catfish, right? Like the same thing as the TV show?
0	"Kathryn Bigelow's ""Near Dark"" should be up there. It has a killer synth soundtrack from Tangerine Dream, who also scored ""Legend"" by Ridley Scott (which is on your list actually)."
0	Haha, that was brilliant. It reminded me of my last relationship.
0	Amen
0	Lynchee Kynchee Collie Mollie Dingo Dingo
1	Oh I'm completely glue to my screen now!
0	The Peanuts comic strip started in the 1950s and it had that somber tone from day one.
0	Not very often a series is rebooted in the middle of one of its own movies
0	Are you me?
0	So it's not really Starbucks you have a problem with, you just don't drink coffee. Therefore, you chiming in to this whole conversation was completely pointless.
1	He got 9 confused with 6, it happens.
0	I'm aware. Doesn't make GT canon
0	Brand
0	His nose was chiseled by the gods themselves. His body was sculpted to the proportions of Michelangelo's David.
0	My God... I am having Geocities flashbacks.
0	Foxcatcher
0	Oh jesus, that terrible song brought High School flashbacks. Horrible.
0	Why does it suck?
1	Yeah let's just redo the exact same movie!  Cause it's not like we ever complain when comedy sequels do that
0	I'm your sister. I'm your sister!!
0	Please don't bring back Frieza. I can't sit through a twelve month movie again.
0	i feel like a cap vs iron man battle would be almost like a bats vs superman battle, obviously where bats has the disadvantage but some plot shielding always makes them on par. i mean a shield vs missiles and lasers, idk how that worked in the comics
0	You can only expect so much from HappyMadison. I would go into it expecting a masterpiece. It's simply a goofy comedy.
0	nobody's clapping for a dickless moron with a battery up his ass.
0	Ouch, that hurt, I'll go to the doctor for free and get it checked out
0	Good way to put it, it was pretty exhausting. In a good way, but still something I don't want to go see again and again right away.
0	What a rip off. I can bore myself for free.
0	She's got a very brief role as a tennis playing tart in Rock'n'Rolla. Daaaaaaaaaaaamn
0	"I normally don't go into movies blind. This one I only knew the cast and the premises. I got half way through the movie thinking it was based off of a true story!! I was like ""I don't remember this case being that popular. Did Paula Zahn make an episode on it?"""
0	I think the crazy I super hot.
1	Except he'd decline because it's not shot on film.
0	I've heard this before, but you would have to ignore a lot of other things in order for it to work.
0	Working on my list of movies to watch, finally got around to watching **Les Mis**. Felt like the pacing was a bit off and they were rushing, even with how long it was. Still, I really loved it and emotionally it still felt strong and everyone's singing was on point. I didn't know Russel Crowe was going to be so good in this type of film
1	They edited that cinematic masterpiece?! I'm going to file a complaint with the AFI
0	Are you counting only movies where he's the director, or looking at anything that has his name attached? Spielberg produces a shitton of things that he's not the director of, and (IMO) the ones he's directed are much more consistent in quality.
1	No but I am a special snowflake redditor who uses noscript and doesn't trust big data so obviously it's not 'most' users
0	Seems like a lot of these statistics are ridiculous and not used with any context they are taken in.
0	Who is this YouTube and how can I have him tell me what movie to watch?
0	Very true. When short on a budget, filmmakers have to get creative with their decisions. Just look at Robert Rodriguez' first film *El Mariachi*. He shot/edited it on a budget of $7000, and it ended up going to Sundance and launching his career.
1	What license though? I can't just use whatever's out there without reading the terms.
0	"Well, I didn't know any of it, and found it interesting, but yeah. Perhaps a ""Source: IMDB"" would be appropriate."
0	For things he did before presidency.
0	They didn't just spend time together filming, they were close friends.
0	she looks like Abella Anderson, mmm
0	I've got that issue somewhere around this house. MAD was a great magazine back in the day.
0	At least watch Rocky 4 for one of the most patriotic movies out there.
0	You have within you a very special kind of stupid.
0	Quite a lot in the eighties. We were taken by the school to all the wwii war movies you guys made.
1	Can't wait to see them turn Invisible Man in to an action film.
0	"Mondo has put out some *excellent* posters. Durieux's Jaws, Daniel Danger's Psycho, Jock's ""The Thing"", etc etc. It's true they put out a lot of shite too but let's at least agree they have done some things right."
0	World War II
1	But then you don't get the douchiness that comes with collecting them, and that's no fun.
0	"It's interesting, every monster/demon makeup artist ever since 1993 have copied bat-Dracula's cheekbone/nosebridge/brow setup, in everything from Buffy to Charmed to Underworld. Whoever was the main sculptor in ""Dracula"" set a new paradigm, for good and bad. Real tired of the copies nowadays. Even the Falmer of Skyrim have some of it."
0	"That's the Final Cut line. Every other (non-TV) version uses ""fucker."""
0	I think it started as to explain how a wormhole works, but then the conversation moved into hole vs sphere.
1	So classy guys
0	but it's a movie, not a term paper.
0	that movie was sooooo damn slow and boring
1	I'm shocked.
1	And Magnum PI
1	Yeah, it's almost like the movie was trying to influence the audience with emotions.  Who's ever done that before?
1	With Ganon as an anti-social hacker, the 'Demon King' of the Internet!
1	It's amazing that the best movies ever in his opinion were made during his most impressionable years as a wanna-be film director.
1	If Alien made you uncomfortable, then you're a homophobe.
1	We should honor other under appreciated films like Fight Club, Star Wars, and Lord of the Rings. I just discovered this obscure movie E.T. and think I might check out Indiana Jones next.
1	no he was just harrasing her
1	Stalker
1	Yeah fuck his fashion choices, what was his personal stylist THINKING?
1	I'm gonna need some proof there, buddy.
1	you don't think he's just saying shit and drumming up publicity do you? nobody in the entertainment business would stoop that low to sell tickets.
1	oh it's ok, because reddit loves him
1	"guys dont worry, remember this is a DIFFERENT movie. It's gonna be grounded and realistic. ""dark"" and ""gritty"". As MIcheal B Jordan states, this ""FANTASTIC"" four movie is  ""not your typical superhero film"" but a film where some teenies gain ""disabilities"" and have to cope with their oh so hard super lives. It's ok GUYS!"
1	This joke really does maintain its humor, even after the 100,000th time I've seen it.
1	I can't wait to see Oliver Stone's straightforward and even-handed take on Snowden's story.
1	Yeah that's why those movies garnered no acclaim from audiences or critics and made almost no money.
1	Wow women had so much more fat on their bodies in those days. Now I can totally disagree with today's beauty standards!
1	What are you saying? Look at the IMDb top 250, it's filled with very well-defended opinions about The Dark Knight and Inception, of course they're GOAT!
1	I only counted three, the wormhole, the black hole, and that asshole Mann.
1	He came out to do Spirited Away. Also sucked.
1	Come on, the underdogs win, even against all the firepower and adversity! Talk about a big twist.
1	Well thank God he cast that troll Rooney Mara.
1	oh this movie totally isn't going to suck ass
1	Oh, a Son trying to preserve the integrity of his father's most monumental work is definitely the work of a douche.
1	Yeah, but can't we get Tarantino to tackle an exorcism movie?
1	That's a hell of a hard drive!
1	YOU WILL NEVER BE FORGIVEN FOR THIS TRANSGRESSION
1	They made a third one?
1	"I was really hoping they would shoot for a PG-13 rating and combine this franchise with the Expendables ala  ""vs"" and really go for that important teen demographic."
1	Imagine, Tom Cruise doing Tom Cruise things.
1	"Like when chris goes ""i know what babies taste like"""
1	Right. Animals have no problem whatsoever adjusting to new situations in life.
1	Not to mention the fact that grumpy cat even exists because her owners were ridiculously irresponsible and didn't get their prior cats (siblings) fixed, and allowed them to wander aimlessly and inbreed as they pleased. Great pet owners.
1	ha this cats memes are so good hopefully 9gag reviews this movie!
1	Despicable me?
1	Yeah, we have it so bad, don't we.
1	Gerard Butler, Emmy Rossum and Patrick Wilson
1	I think, nay I *hope*, you dropped an
1	No way man! That baby being raped signifies the fact that the Serbians are fucked since birth man!
1	Movie cut because 'Cindy Scissors' was too suggestive.
1	Yes, why wouldnt a disgruntled employee dig through all those terabytes of data to make sure anything and everything contained wouldn't be too inflammatory?
1	but all the pirates!
1	"I don't know, man. When I saw ""scorsese's Cape Fear"" I automatically assumed that must be the only version ever made and the most original idea ever"
1	Kind of like how they watched the DVD in the movie
1	"Nah dude I'm actually talking about ""A Good Year"""
1	Yeah, man, considering how poorly received Tanged, Wreck-it Ralph and Frozen were you should have really expected Big Hero 6 to be bad
1	I saw this movie pretty soon after release. I love Laika studios and I think it was even more Charming than Coraline, and Coraline was pretty charming. Can't wait for the next one! Why's it taking so long! Ugh
1	You didn't get it for free and immediately. Those fuckers are trying to use you just to get money. You deserve it for free!
1	"Yeah ""Vampires Sucks"" is definitely better than Spaceballs, Young Frankenstein and fuck it I'll say Dracula: Dead and Loving It!"
1	Pewdiepie, Smosh, Markiplier, are all consistent comedic geniuses. Brofist!
1	Can't wait for that Apple Watch.
1	No there can't be a black scottish person no way my sensitive white feelings can't take it
1	Your region is not anyway shape or for better why discriminate against mine! Racists!
1	NO IT NOT FREE!!!
1	But you just didn't understand it!!
1	Why do you want tp destroy freedom ?  Why do you hate 'murrica ?
1	I am very surprised
1	But The Interview has a 9.9 rating on imdb. How can it be bad?
1	Writer seems jealous he wasn't in special forces
1	The Annie remake has black people, how dare you not support it by default regardless of its merits as a film, you filthy racist!
1	yeah. hollywood called up kim jon jr. and they both thought it'd be an awesome idea.
1	So they bowed to the demands of Anonymous?  THE DOMESTIC TERRORISTS HAVE WON!!!
1	The answer is always Obama. Duh!
1	Iron Sky (2012)
1	He means they do 1 movie for a graphic novel. If he did it, it would be 3 movies. Much better!
1	BUT HOW COULD YOU POSSIBLY LIKE SOMETHING HE DOESN'T? I MEAN HOLY CRAP WHAT ARE YOU? AN INDIVIDUAL? FUCKING SHIT GET OUT OF HERE!
1	Don't say that, that would be disrespectful to the Bible by coming first
1	I Heart Huckabees.
1	You clearly weren't using a high enough percentage of your brain power if you thought it was bad.
1	Olay, I guess that's it. We never should have cared in the first place. Someone personally did not care for the movie. It's over.
1	He's gonna play Keaton, playing Beetlejuice. It'll be like Ed Wood.
1	Yeah, because those prequels rocked!
1	All white everything. What's so wrong with that?
1	lol so funny
1	Well, at least we're getting an americanized version of Attack on Titan!
1	Damn right we are!
1	Is he racist? Not wanting white people?
1	Because we can totally trust the North Koreans not to lie.
1	I'm sure Kim would walk toward his own death over a comedy.
1	Yeah... let's ban the funniest movie of the last decade.  Great move!
1	Not according to IMDB it's not
1	yup, getting angry at a company that is censoring what Americans can and cannot see because it offended a foreign dictator is totally not trying to better humanity.
1	Homophobe!
1	TIL Sony is an American company.
1	OMG no other actor could have pulled that off. Give her all the Oscars.
1	Do you even hack bro?!
1	MUH FREEDOMS
1	You cheese-eating-surrender-monkey.  You better ask your mom about Amurica (fuck, yeah).  You might not recognize her when you get home, we shaved her armpits.
1	I know right, bux?
1	Why couldn't the hackers just release this movie on the Internet?!
1	Yeah, American corporations are all about capitulation
1	Thanks Obama!!! The President is supposed to stand strong against North Korea. Your liberal spine can't stand up to North Korea's threats.
1	So, can people do this to voting booths until we get actual candidates that represent the people?
1	It is appeasement, and that works well with thugs and bullies.
1	Maybe they're behind the hacker threats so that they'll get publicity for canceling the movie at first then bringing it back so more people will want to see it.
1	I want to know how Seth managed to get North Korea to do the marketing for his new movie.
1	"This honestly sounds like the plot from The Producers. ""Good thing we (Sony) took out that huge insurance policy now that we can't actually show the movie in theaters... darn"""
1	Yeah, you guys don't censor anything.
1	Well air dropping DVDs will surely make things less controversial!
1	I know right? If only more people were responsible parents. You know, like us.
1	Encarta?
1	But... but... but... It has the James Bond hat throw to the coat rack, so it has to be cool.
1	*Cough* Affirmative Action....I mean check your privelege shitlord!
1	James Franco likes Katy Perry HILARIOUS!
1	Whaaaat? Something that was written in the Daily Fail turned out not to be true? Wow, that must be a first!
1	Sounds like #gategamers
1	Yeah, literally nothing happens over the course of the first season.
1	They took off her eyebrows, and didn't put makeup on her....obv
1	Well, they had the Sonyappening. But then the admins shut it down and got on their high horses about morals and stuff.
1	Eccleston was in that movie?
1	Thank god, I was wondering what that last one was called
1	Whooooosh.
1	Only 1 nomination at the golden globes? Jeez Hollywood must not realize the genius that is interstellar. It needs all the nominations.
1	Because he was one of the *bad* black guys, jeez! If they got baggy pants, they're bad. If they act like Harvard students, they're good! Get with the goddamn program!
1	I'm sorry I'm wayyy too self centered to care about victimization that doesn't happen to black people or poor people.  This is a corporation their bags of money will shield them and turn away all harm.
1	Yeah, lets have an African Norse god.
1	Hah. Sweet generalization.
1	Not even those direct-to-video movies he did? C'mon!!!
1	Yeah, I'd much rather see a man in a rubber suit stomp on some cardboard.
1	What was wrong with that? That was amazing!
1	The way he solved that Rubik's cube...pure cockiness.
1	But this time *Ryan Reynolds* is confirming it!
1	Pfft... you mean you painted the 'Am I the Only One Around Here' meme?
1	Are you kidding me? The X-Men Origins: Wolverine version of him was spot on!
1	Yeah, man. Never seen this one mentioned on reddit before!
1	How is it that a movie can have its review change.
1	Star Trek seems exactly up Spike Jonze's alley.
1	Definitely *Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas*.
1	Place Beyond the Pines
1	I thought they already made an Alien reboot, except they called it Prometheus.
1	Isn't it that dude from Tron?
1	just reboot shrek
1	Yeah I had no idea what he was trying to say
1	All of those black owners selling to black consumers.
1	DAE think Skyfall's writing team sucked ass? We could totally write something better!
1	Complaints about Adam Sandler and personal nude photos are totally the same thing.
1	yeah 'dwarf tossing' jokes and characters and plot lines that were nowhere to be found in the originals are always 'awesome'
1	It's okay because corporations are evil
1	But....but.....Terminator Genisys...worst movie ever! I can tell already from this horrible footage. Boycotted!
1	Hey hey hey, The Hobbit is srs buisness
1	"Sorry if I twinged your neckbeard by not misspelling ""elephant"" correctly."
1	Yeah, better give all the money to movie producers!
1	I know I'm just really observant
1	Fucking immigrants!
1	Mate action-spy movies didn't exist until Bourne. Therefore, everything is a rip off of Bourne.
1	She's a female heroine so it doesn't matter
1	Holy shit, who knew he could laugh like the rest of us?! Mind=blown. Bkshhhhhhhh!
1	Right. Because turning a white character black is the fucking worst. If it ain't white, it ain't right.
1	Yeah the animated Disney musicals don't usually age very well.
1	no shit, really?
1	So in other words, Michael Cera in every other movie?
1	I'm the biggest Terminator fan but....Worst. Movie. Ever. I want my money back AND I am boycotting it.
1	Sarcasm translates greatly on the internet doesn't it
1	Ghost in the Shell, Spirited Away, Death Note and other masterpieces of film making.
1	Surely he cut his own wage and his execs' wages to help.
1	All You Need is Kill?
1	Any criticism or questioning of anything is a circlejerk dumbass
1	Because the Academy is so well-known for its artistic integrity, right?
1	Aye they're yank-washing this movie aren't they?
1	6 years is plenty of time to think of creative and original content.  Surely.
1	This made me laugh. That's hilarious. You'll just have to go find some terrible LOTR fan fiction to read now!
1	Ah, come on. A teddy bear shit on the floor. And they made a bunch of references about movies in the 80s. How is that not funny?
1	I *absolutely* do. God, Emilia Clarke with fucked up teeth gives me a realism-in-movies hard-on.
1	But that's SHOEHORNING IN FEMALE CHARACTERS
1	It did! It's about overthrowing the patriarchy and government! Don't you know that making a movie about doing that is all you need to start a revolution now?
1	It's a false flag to muddy the waters and give the conspiracy theorists that are actually onto something a bad name
1	SEXIST PIG, HOW DARE YOU
1	Great, another Bio Pic. Just what we need.
1	Tarantino is a hack and a fraud. He can barely even put scenes in the right order.
1	Oh come on! Dr. Reed Richards the smartest man on Earth could easily be 27-28 yrs old.
1	It really should just go to Jaden. He's the logical choice here.
1	Just what I've always wanted; a movie full of misandry and husband jokes.
1	Because bi-racial families don't exist and it is impossible for adopted siblings to have a strong family bond with eachother
1	Aw man. You totally missed the part where he jacks off the elephant onto his dad. How could you miss a piece of cinema history like that?
1	Dont worry didnt you hear the next shaft movie is going to be an asian.
1	I'm sure the special effects folks working on this are very happy to hear this
1	Everyone knows that making films is easy, cheap, and not time-consuming at all.
1	OMG THEY EVEN MADE THE COSTUMES BLACK
1	Yeah, really weird that an American-made film is pro-America.
1	HEY *DUDE*!  I watch MSNBC and Current TV.  I think I know more than you!
1	Any movie with a gun is glorifying war
1	I can't belive this has never been mentioned before
1	It's clearly a Jew propaganda film to make the world hate on the poor muzzies
1	I watch MSNBC because I'm smart
1	Spoilers, man!!
1	How dare they still publish Shakespeare? How dare they hang the Mona Lisa in the Louvre? How dare they play Mozart? How dare people enjoy older films?
1	Yeah, that's why NO ONE has seen Oldboy, right?
1	Wait, I thought we we were suppose to hate Episode One in its entirety?
1	Yes because Batman Begins didn't develop its characters at all.
1	Hmm, maybe it's about time for a reboot.
1	Yes!  *Another* sequel!  Finally!  I was really worried that there might be movies this year besides sequels and remakes, but it looks like my concerns were baseless.  Thank God.
1	Oh okay, I didn't realize jokes in movies could only be interpreted in one way, thanks for opening my mind!
1	Yeah but Marvel are artists and DC are rubbish and have no clue
1	Yeah, they are always fun to think about anyway. Clearly this is the next BIG subversive break through.
1	Boss Baby sounds like a winner.
1	pssshhhhh that movie isn't even worth an academy award nomination.
1	Yeah, would have been great to see BS that had nothing to do with the plot. The movies felt too short and some inane filler would have been fantastic.
1	What a triggering cis-gendered fuck.
1	Yeah, Fucking dolt 10 year olds.
1	I fail to see how showing a young kid the Machete movies could go wrong at all.
1	Yeah, forget about the atrocities that were A Nightmare on Elm Street, What's Eating Gilbert Grape, Edward Scissorhands, Donnie Brasco, Blow, Fear and Loathing, Ed Wood, etc.  They're terrible compared to the likes of Dead Man's Chest and At World's End.
1	No.  Only Sandler puts attractive women in movies.
1	The Number 23
1	He can either have his powers or his legs. GET WITH IT!
1	did u know he was a pathological liar and homocidal maniac
1	Looks like not only did they CGI his nose off, but they also CGI'd his mouth to be more closed.
1	But it was original because they're blue and have floating islands
1	Totally, the film doesn't actually have many problems at all.
1	Ya because we all know that people honk their horn 5 or so seconds before they think an accident or emergency might occur to give others an opportunity to look around and make a decision right?
1	Well which cinema is it gonna take the place of? The one with Madagascar seats??
1	They're called Vines, grandpa.
1	Boy, I'm glad they got someone who doesn't suck!
1	Clint Eastwood knows how to act with props. If he can do it on a national stage pretending Obama is a chair, then surely Bradley Cooper can act with a fake baby
1	I was 15 when Episode 1 came out and I loved the trade negotiations.
1	Very valid criticisms
1	Amazing! They never film anything in Vancouver
1	You are not a real American. Go to Sweden you terrorist loving commie.
1	It makes it more cinematic, duh
1	Yeah because this guy was worse than Hitler.
1	Did you guys bring electricity and internet with you so that you can use that kind of stuff? Guess they don't have that in the desert yet.
1	No because Jews are white!
1	Yes. They totally should start hiring people based on their skin color rather than on their merits.
1	Yeah I'm totally going out and shooting people and I really am so hot, too-also I get tons of super hot women as well.
1	Johnny Tsunami begs to differ
1	Oh, good! A jury actually thought about the children!
1	"Maybe he would be happier if they included a ""Best Negro"" category"
1	Ya because Oscar Winner means everything.
1	Shhh you're ruining my hipster cred
1	How you gonna nom something with no cuts for editing?
1	Whaaaa? The Imitation Game and The Theory of Everything are totally not Oscar bait.
1	Yeah, because I felt soo good when leaving The Imitation Game.
1	Sure, but we can't overdo it. What's next? Another black president right after Obama.
1	Yeah that's why Gravity got all those crazy snubs!
1	he shit himself! what more do you want?!!
1	She sounded drunk, which would explain a lot of the nominations
1	Pretty much the same time.
1	So true. I mean, if you can't afford to pay for something it's your right to take that product.
1	But what about all the witty humor every 30 seconds?
1	Cuz Kurt Russell's never been in a shitty movie!
1	Women. Amirite guys?
1	No worries, I intend to hit it big soon
1	Yeah that needs to happen
1	Yeah, they shouldn't explain how the Galactic Empire came to be. We should just take their word for it.
1	Women rate these films higher yes, but do they pass the Bechdel test?
1	First rule of art is it should require no work or thought from the viewer.
1	How can one become interesting like you?
1	Yeah, because his movies aren't formulaic at all!
1	"He's too busy getting yelled at by the ""liberal media"" to hear you."
1	Dodgeball
1	No. He is a meticulous genius.
1	Nope. Nobody else is excited to see actors from a very popular (at least on this sub) series in one of the most anticipated movies of all time. You are the only one.
1	That and Schindler's List.
1	You know, your right. Actually I said hi to him and he powerbombed me through a luggage trailer.
1	Why does a wrestler need acting lessons?
1	It's a good thing Whedon stuck to source material and added Scarlett Witch and Quicksilver to the Avengers before adding Ant Man and Black Panther.
1	Yeah man you're so much better than all of those stupid people who can't enjoy great cinema because they use Rotten Tomatoes
1	Yay! Homophobia!
1	dude this and hitman just focus on killing, it's so stupid and repetative.
1	Directed by Uwe Boll....
1	Maybe they will release an Alpha version.
1	While you watch the movie? Good Strategy.
1	Can't wait to see how they get a pepsi ad in there.
1	But but... It's all CGI! Peter HACKson doesn't use real sets!
1	And it will be a clear indicator that American audiences just don't care about anime adaptations!
1	Oh man, you really got him good on that one.
1	Oh look a neat fun fact! Let's all belittle The Hobbit movies!
1	I haven't seen anybody say it yet, so... Interstellar.
1	Worked for Smeagol.
1	Amazing Spiderman 2 trailers did a splendid job at this
1	See, one must pirate thousands of movies so they don't have to buy overpriced popcorn. It's fairness.
1	Not yet, but seeing hoe the studios are getting paranoid I wouldn't doubt this might be coming.
1	You mean Obama didn't deserve it?
1	There are no movies made for kids. All movies are made for adults. Even kid's movies.
1	Nah man. See those Hobbit movies? Now I can't even watch LOTR.
1	Okay guys. He promised. Thats good enough for me. Take my money!
1	Platoon?
1	Definitely race joke.
1	How did black Annie not make the list?
1	Yeah, everyone who likes things I don't like is an unsophisticated nerd!
1	What a nuanced view of CGI's place in cinema!
1	Yes god forbid.
1	TIL Leonardo DiCaprio has never won an oscar.
1	Surprised Nic Cage didn't get the role.
1	I hope he dies and his entire family gets cancer since he did something bad to earn internet points!!!
1	But he's the only deserving actor to win!
1	From the hot mom in Modern Family to Selma Hayek, twice? Yeah, I feel bad for him.
1	Bruh, he obviously just uses a photoshop filter
1	Because the last movie was sooooo good
1	They should do a shot-for-shot remake of *Alien*, just like they did with *Psycho*.
1	Yeah, you can pretty much swap Drexl and Jim Gordon and nobody would tell the difference.
1	Tom Cruise in Tropic Thunder is an ok cameo but I like Jeff Bridges in The Big Lebowski, way better cameo!
1	Pepper Potts as Iron Lady!
1	Cool, I can finally catch God's Not Dead!!
1	The Thing (2011)
1	Which he has a faith healer looking at I've heard. Should be a-ok any day now
1	Terribly inappropriate.
1	u r only allowed to say dark knight is overrated in this sub
1	but so perfect as a valentines date movie !
1	You think he was good in this, you should see him in Jupiter Ascending!!!!
1	That's Ollivander you filthy casual
1	Boy, and I usually respect Kevin Sorbo's opinions on politics and acting *so* much.
1	A comedy without jokes or laughs. My favorite kind.
1	Can't wait for Birdman 2 &amp; 3. And the reboot.
1	because cinema snobs are literally cancer
1	not Michael Bay enough for OP
1	All that white guilt gets to a man sometimes.
1	....would it be a civil war involving a man of iron?
1	can't wait for the reasonable discussion on here about how much boyhood sucks and how it not winning this award makes their opinions correct.
1	Yeah man, I hate Birdman because I don't watch superhero movies.
1	Do they look alike or something?
1	Because male is the default/normal.
1	Might as well call him Atlantis Jones then!
1	Yes, because the whole film totally wasn't full of crass and over the top humor.
1	Yea you're right. Portraying someone afflicted with ALS is definitely easier.
1	Thank you for your contribution to the conversation.
1	But it's so important to their character arcs that they enter three-story abandoned buildings alone carrying a gun with two bullets and three walkers attack so they learn how to think quickly.
1	Why would you love that?
1	But they DIDN'T, did they?! That's the true meaning of this piece. These kids won't drop their vidya games to go do some street art. What is this world coming to!?
1	But my ignorant opinion of Americans is based on a stereotype of people from only one part of the country. Then I saw this movie about a guy from that part of the country. He was just like the stereotype. All of the people in America must be like that. Also, why wouldn't a movie about one man's experiences have a deep nuanced message about the geopolitics behind the war?
1	But technically?
1	I've always said we need a dark, gritty aquaman!
1	I COULDNT. HEAR. ANYTHING! Luckily the exposition the crap out of his true intentions for the next 45 minutes so it's fine
1	No he's just a racist fatty hater
1	DAE KEANU REEVES IS GOD XD
1	I'm not one for hyperbole, but Christopher Nolan is the greatest cinematic genius that has ever walked the earth and if you disagree with me you're objectively wrong.
1	The geniuses who run the movie studios make the world safe again!
1	Exciting car chase?  Spoiler tags jeez.
1	Too Hollywood, you're right.
1	They should introduce, robot sharks and robot octopuses and release it direct to SyFy (unless it has been done).
1	What are you talking about?  There's plenty of white people in there, and one white person represents ALL white people.
1	But bro they're so over the top that they're awesome!
1	But... but... What's the point of getting stuff everybody else has?
1	Of course, that excuses the other things, how silly of me
1	I guess you don't understand the way the government treated the people during the 90s.  It's just a metaphor and that is not just the directors excuse to make a skull fucking baby fucking child fucking throat fucking fuckfest.
1	So lets get the director of Godzilla to do it since he doesn't focus on the monsters!
1	They all look alike.
1	Yeah, because Yoda the puppet holds up so well after all these years.
1	yes because it was dubbed
1	A horror movie trailer without a jump-scare?  What kind of bullshit is that?
1	"You feel sorry for an egotistical disingenuous spoiled little Hollywood brat who looks like a moron because he hasn't had any life experiences because he is always completely insulated by money and fame?  Yeah, me too... Poor little dude with no rules or boundaries.  Able to do whatever he desires.  Squandering it making ""rap"" videos with his ""people"".  Poor little guy probably just needs a hug."
1	DAE think Skyfall was a shitty Home Alone remake.
1	Yeah, they are able to look at movies with such an objective view
1	Man, I didn't know it snowed that much there! Throw another shrimp on the barbie, amiright?
1	Kids can't handle those situations. It's scarring. They have to go back and play GTA.
1	Does anybody knows if Audi sponsor this movie?
1	Cool, I hope it is as good the last Hitman movie
1	Who can argue that Top Gun was better I mean there's been like 4 Iron Eagle movies and only one Top gun.
1	"Sure, and ""the whole bloody affair"" cut of Kill Bill is coming out any day now."
1	Nah man I want another reboot
1	That explains fucking SPEED RACER.
1	I sure hope they tie it in with the plot from Spider-Man the musical!
1	I don't know, that Aunt May movie sounded promising.
1	Fuck that. If Star Wars: Episode 7 doesn't literally expand my conscious and material existence... Worst. Movie. Ever.
1	White guy in Seattle, looking down my nose at you with scorn for your blatant and unapologetic cultural appropriation.
1	Come on, man. Haven't been to church in awhile? It's 'And with your spirit' now.
1	Well thanks for that you bastard
1	Yeah, but it's from the people who made THE MATRIX! The Matrix dude! Remember that movie?
1	Oh man, just a few more month's until it is released.
1	Who?
1	"Have you had ""the Talk"" yet?"
1	You're talking about dicks penetrating a mouth, that's triggering. Please give a warning next time.
1	He's not Christopher Nolan
1	LOL yeah, because Matrix Revolutions was such a great film, we need more of that.
1	*but... but private prisons will save us money!!!*
1	Are you kidding me?! the powerpoint presentation in the remake was a great way of retelling it!
1	If you haven't noticed already the world as we see it here in America revolves around us. I mean *we* invented freedom and the car.
1	the poc show up in ships to loot n pillage, its like you didn't even watch the movies
1	Fuck that! A bet's a bet!
1	Nah man, it's actually a deliberate orchestrated effort specifically to keep women oppressed and in their proper place. You're just being crazy.
1	What's VHS?
1	Boooo!  Boooo Jack Black!  He totally ruined King Kong!
1	Yes, because CG effects are #1 priority in modern day films.
1	you've blown my mind man, I never thought of such a thing
1	Reddit hated it until they realized everyone else also hated so instead they started praising it.
1	It's going to be so awesome! I hope it's PG-13 so everyone can go and see it!
1	they'll need to remaster and rerelease all star wars movies to get a new generation interested
1	wow look at all those ethnic people
1	"No.. is it another ""fuck you"" movie like Donnie Darko?"
1	10/10 will be the best movie ever
1	MISOGYNY!!
1	Oh yeah, that totally happened.
1	Oh yeah it will fail just like Guardians of the Galaxy did
1	Man of Steel, no doubt.
1	Yeah screw you with your opinion
1	Who cares? This is America where ideas are stolen and sold for profits, you can't do shit about it
1	I'm afraid these are hard times in the movie making business. Don't you feel sorry for poor Hollywood?
1	Karma?
1	If that's the case, then go WB! No more mortgage, no more student loans!
1	Well they needed a GPU, where else would you find one?!
1	2012 is the way to go
1	Yeah, I forgot how bad those bombed at the box office. And they *only* have above an 8 on IMDb!
1	B-But avengers is so good because it has witty original characters that actually CHANGE at the end of every movie!
1	"because men are ""privileged"""
1	Yeah, those rave reviews out of SXSW and it being 100% on Rotten Tomatoes really is him not keeping up to his crazy great filmography.
1	Pleb, you probably haven't even seen a Roeg film!
1	They gotta put Dennis Leary in Dumbo now or it'll automatically be garbage.
1	Rich doctor? Pffft, have you not heard of their student loan debt levels?
1	Even The Sixth Sense?
1	Another feminist movie starting charlize theron. This will be great
1	Except the fight with no bridge, took it straight out of history books
1	"What is this ""good"". I thought on r/movies movies could only be amazing or shit."
1	hate them
1	Because The Mandarin is such an iconic and treasured character in our culture.  Of course they do.  The Mandarin's sacred.
1	All elves look alike anyways.
1	Yeah, there would have been tons of lighting and catering in pre-production
1	NO WAY!!! I thought the whole movie was just a really good tricky camera shot that they did well
1	"Lol. I see what you did there. In all seriousness though, you should watch ""The Great Train Robbery (1903)"" when it gets to U.K. cinemas next week!"
1	BUT... Where are the explosions? Gun fights? Car Chases? I thought those HAD to be in trailers..?
1	Yeah this will work
1	Speaking of, Paul Mooney made a Wayne Brady joke on Chappelle's Show and in a later episode Brady appears as himself in some sketch no one saw or quoted.  Probably one of the least known.
1	Yeah, white people are so oppressed, right?
1	What are you talking about? Asians have their own entire genre.
1	lol well this is obviously going to be a financial success!
1	Yeah I want to side with Earth...but I really identify with Sheng Tsung, you know, taking souls and living forever and stuff. I was really disappointed with the tournament results.
1	Well, everyone gets a pass on their first murder. Once lex kills his parents, he will understand it felt bad and he won't do it any more.
1	True, it is like Hawaii, it is not actually the USA, they only pledged allegiance or something.
1	NOW they've crossed a line!
1	OK NOW YOU GUYS MESSED WITH SOMETHING REALLY IMPORTANT HERE
1	Sharknado...I mean the CGI in those movies far surpass The Hobbit
1	But my Dad liked David Bowie so I'll never make fun of him even if the principle I have a problem with applies to him/pink Floyd/zeppelin etc.
1	You're a snowflake and that isn't the general consensus of reddit
1	Wasn't it a prototype or something? Or maybe it was a social commentary and gender identity
1	And they can ONLY enjoy the movie I like. NOTHING ELSE.
1	Yeah. Ridley Scott is great at comedy.
1	But can't you imagine the same fake alternate history that makes everything a comic book? I mean come on imagine if Afflek and Damon had written Good Will Hunting as a comic book!
1	Lol, way to spoil the ending of the second movie.
1	THIS IS WHY WHITE ACTORS CAN'T FIND WORK!!!
1	I'm sure its gonna be a box office hit, just like the Starving Games was.
1	But thats the original trilogy. Its imperfections make it great.
1	Wait, there is no gravity in space?  How the hell do planets even planet!
1	Well, I didn't knew that Futurama owns everything that they create. The next time I see a robot drinking a beer or being an asshole, I'll say that it's a fucking copy of Bender. Chappie is a rip-off!
1	Enjoying the plot of course!
1	Yeah, I mean, it's not like glasses are cute or anything, right? Total turn-off
1	hollywood is so original it hurts
1	I am so happy to see an Adam Sandler action movie!
1	Well, there's always The Strain.
1	good job being original
1	A great example of why the movie sucks, I can't wait for the CGI remake. Just like how the new Hobbit films are better than the Fellowship trilogy, and SW 1-3 is better than Hope/Empire/Jedi.
1	When studios realized that if a movie did well enough they could just make a sequel regardless if it made sense to the overall story.
1	Yeah, Not Another Teen Movie was wonderful.
1	Exactly, you're supposed to judge films by Honest Trailers.
1	Jake Lloyd, by far! He just had such gravitas, really bringing out the depth of character that George Lucas wrote for Anakin!
1	But I'm an engineer and I claim what you're saying would never happen (despite the fact I won't tell you what type of engineer I am and what companies I've worked for, nor what role I played in them.)
1	Whoops. Forgot I'm not allowed to have an opinion.
1	Oh my, I totally wasn't expecting this.
1	Ah yes, Loki, he *is* known for smoking isn't he?
1	Yeah -all 20s of screen time that got really ruined the movie
1	Or get Shia LaBeouf, he's played Harrison's son before!
1	Check your cisgender privilege, both of you.
1	Good for you.
1	It's a Disney movie after all!
1	From none of the trailers or posters have we seen Max looking back at the camera while his body faces away....pretty new.
1	There's more than a title?
1	Clooney couldn't make it?
1	It'll be fun to see Johnny Depp as Dumbo and Helena Bonham Carter as the bearded lady!
1	How can you not remember? It's the most memorable final shot in film history!
1	What I want to know is: why was he mentally focusing so much on giving her breast cancer? That doesn't seem very nice.
1	Weird, cause I would expect someone who was in a terrible movie triage and had some otherwise tiny roles to have a huge ego.
1	Of course it is. You see movies that target white males are natural while movies that dont are obviously gimmicky.
1	Nice how that web site used an X-Men cover with artwork by Gil Kane and Dave Cockrum.
1	Did you know it took 12 years to make?
1	Nope, all movies must be like how Marvel does them. This is not open for discussion
1	Yeah guys lets downvote him for asking question!
1	ssshhhhh don't say that. Interstellar is the best thing to happen to the world
1	who needs a script when you're neill blomkamp
1	But it's like *Jaws*, Spielberg did it first.
1	According to him, you raped Spiderman.
1	Ya I mean idk why there is so much fuss about this Harrison Ford guy, why does no one care about Han Solo!!!!
1	Two female characters. One dies of a 'broken heart' because her husband dies and she apparently has no reason to to live anymore, and the other gives up all idea of being a warrior and settles down to be a nice housewife. Fantastic, wouldn't want to interrupt the sausage party.
1	Oh yeah because it was so obvious
1	Oh yeah. That definitely cleared it right up.
1	hot redhead in lingerie and thats NOT your takeaway?
1	Another super hero movie, we definately don't have enough of them already
1	Because he singlehandedly ruined our childhoods!
1	Hollywood want muniez. How long you think they can feed people on marvel franchise?
1	Because it wasn't his favorite movie, and therefore its success is unfounded.
1	Illuminati!
1	Considering they be pushing Spidey in the MCU so heavily and the MCU's fondness of ding Origin's i think they might increase the running time to 3.5hours so they can use 2 hours on Uncle Ben getting shot a third time,  since we got 2 origin stories already third time's the charm right!
1	Like *Exodus*
1	Oh hurray....another Will Ferrell movie. That guy is just the funniest.
1	"Thank goodness you said ""black kid"" or that story would have made no sense."
1	Roger Moore was hands down the best bond
1	Yeah, right; hardly anything wrong with that movie.
1	I bet you hate it when people talk during movies too! you monster!
1	Atleast he tried
1	Yeah, by this logic we should ban all cars. Too many assholes might cut you off or do other dangerous acts.
1	Really? I thought people hated Phantom Menace?
1	How can this not fail?
1	But man he's way too cooooooool to be Peter Parker
1	I have to admit, I didn't notice it the first time. Must've been Bradley's entrancing eyes.
1	What are you talking about? Those posters are very professional looking.
1	Typical witch hate propaganda.
1	Yeah, cause *Dark Knight*, *Spider-Man 2*, *Captain America: The Winter Soldier*, *How to Train Your Dragon 2*, *Terminator 2* and *The Empire Strikes Back* were all way worse than their predecessors.
1	Haha. You funny man.
1	Personally, I would have no way of knowing what sarcasm looks like on reddit, because I have never been exposed to the internet before. Thank you
1	First movie, David Bowie. Second movie, Justin Bieber. Just when I thought they couldn't make the movie any better, they pull this out.
1	Well, the last 3 Superman films were pretty depressing, too.
1	Clearly these old Bonds are better than the new ones
1	Thank god Vanilla Ice cleared this up for us. Now I can watch this movie conscience free. His opinions on the treatment of Native American stereotypes in cinema is valuable.
1	Yeah, fuck the kids and the house. She wasn't into the movie and asked a dumb question, fuck that I'm out.
1	But he didn't know the sponge was s'posed to be wet!
1	Yep, that's exactly right. That's why he went out of his way to marry a 21 year old in his lifetime.
1	Laughing at that is laughing at America. You better take your commie ass elsewhere.
1	But she's a lesbian, not a filthy homo
1	Yeah, that's not childish and unprofessional at all.
1	Yes you have to be crazed Social justice warrior to think racists are fucking absurd.
1	Because all white people are actually racist and pissed that *Selma* was made.
1	Gravity, now there's a good movie.
1	Does it include even more focus shots on the Audi badge of cars cause I don't think I got enough of them.
1	Wow, until he mentioned it I didn't even notice the tattoo.
1	Who?
1	I think ill just wait for jurassic world to get the gist of it .
1	Christopher Nolan is such an underrated director.
1	But *everybody* knows that Millennials are total narcissists and they'll only watch a movie if you make it all about them.  If Spidey's not doing Hot Power Yoga, they're out!
1	Oh yeah, Daredevil was definitely fun and flashy.
1	BUT ITS SO BAD AND NOT A SUPERMAN MOVIE I SHOULD KNOW I WATCHED THE DONNER FILM TWICE!!! TWICE!!!!
1	An offensive Adam Sandler movie? Wow! That a real shock! I mean, who could have possibly predicted such an outrageous thing?
1	Yeah that never happens to white people.
1	No, they were peaceful, loving people.
1	Lighten up ass holes, it's a comedy. Not everything will be as good as Dances with Wolves.
1	Have fun watching the Poltergeist remake then! :D
1	If only they did this 500 years ago...
1	Painting white people to look like Native Americans so they can make fun of them. That sounds like a totally okay thing to do.
1	It's ok guys, they got Rob Schnieder! Just paint him brown and stick a few feathers in his cap and its comedy Magic!
1	Yeah because white people can't experience racism. Only Brown or Black people can know what it is like to be discriminated against.
1	Yeah! Fuck the Americans who actually made those movie and TV shows! They should have to see it after everyone else!
1	And a stabbable shoulder
1	I'm not sure if I like it. Could he maybe have some pirate clothes on instead and maybe be tied to a tree?
1	So is Depp playing Jack Sparrow again? Because I won't go and see a Depp film unless he plays a version of himself as Jack Sparrow.
1	What? You didnt love his blackface Obama skits?
1	They could use CGI on him to make him look younger
1	Well, duh. Yeah. How else would you clean out the inside of the oven?
1	Movie theaters pay so well and don't see employees as expendable cattle
1	You can't prove that purple dickbutts don't live in the core of the Sun so it is a completely plausible premise for my film with my artistic license.
1	BUT JURASSIC PARK IS AMAZIMG AND IT MADE MY CHILDHOOD AND YOUR AN ASSHOLE FOR SAYING ANYTHING BAD ABOUT IT
1	Get that logic outta hear!!!
1	I like how menacing it looks. Some nipples would be nice, though. :/
1	White men should just stop going to the movies so they can be made for another audience.
1	Yes now that we know something will go wrong at Jurassic park it's ruined
1	So advertising brainwashes you and allows you not to make your own decisions.
1	Right, because Johnny Storm's race is equally important to his character as Black Panther's.
1	Freddy from HoC calls her his daughter so I'm inclined to believed they are unless blacks and whites can't be related now
1	I demand to see his birth certificate! Damn illegals
1	Strange... I could have sworn he's done quite a few films since The 6th Sense and Signs, wonder why they were left off the poster.
1	I'm expecting a staff writer position offer any minute now
1	You don't like Michael B Jordan as Johnny Storm? Ur a racist lol
1	But I thought Doom was supposed to be a dumb blogger!!
1	Tyler Perry
1	But Bat-Nipples!
1	Yeah, let's connect it to an incident from 14 years ago. Makes totally sense
1	Ordinary People
1	The Star Wars prequels were amazing too!!
1	Ikr? Avengers and Harry Potter are way more realistic
1	Considering you are active on the League of Legends subreddit I hope that you are in high school because that is *so childish*
1	Does this mean I'll have to come in on Saturday? Cuz that'll be *great*.
1	"This will be as great as ""The Watchmen"" or ""Man of Steel"""
1	Ikr, they should be holding hands and skipping around.
1	That's just sad, I was expecting the first hour to be about how Bruce Wayne became Batman
1	This comment is sooo stupid. She didn't kill them she just knocked them around a bit. Ugh, some ppl.
1	Yeah, Nolan is sooo underrated. Why does no one like his work?
1	Thanks for sharing. That's one of *the* classic Hollywood stories.
1	ohh, boo hoo. okay i won't watch this ugly film anymore. thanks for warning us.
1	yeah, they should totally make a movie with none of the stuff the fans want! Maybe introduce some new comic relief slapstick characters, the latest in cgi and balance that out by focussing on something riveting like an intergalactic trade embargo, sounds like a winning formula!
1	This film is nowhere near an Oscar therefore I must hate it
1	Yeah that batman vs. superman teaser was AMAZING!
1	Not gonna lie....I'll be a little disappointed if there is not one lightsaber wielding Jar-Jar sighting now.
1	Yeah because IMDB is reliable source
1	That's, like, only your opinion man ...
1	That's a nice interesting little concept. But it is too... difficult. Time consuming. And frankly, I do not believe audiences are smart enough to comprehend the message of such a teaser like you exemplified. I would rather make a trailer that reveals the entire plot and every little detail about the movie, with shitty orchestra music, lots of re-hashed one liners (the dumb masses need to understand this is a Terminator movie, so throw it about a dozen 'I'll be back' and 'Come with my if you want to live' and 'You're Terminated' etc)
1	That's crazy...I can't think of Jaws without thinking of Bergman - and vice versa.
1	you can't like both Marvel and DC movies. thats insane! why would anyone hope that both companies put out quality movies for the enjoyment of their fans!
1	Owen Wilson can finally make his silver screen comeback.
1	Cant believe it beat fifty first dates pppsshhh
1	Man how dumb would that be!
1	But are they a woman?!?! That's what really matters.
1	No that is Ms. Marvel now. Come on! Get your shit together Tyron!
1	But she's a quirky gamer chick, ugh! It's perfect!
1	nah dude science is just a bunch of haters who are wrong anyways because they dont know what we're gonna find out in the future that will disprove what we know now! duh!
1	...but I didn't even mention Moon
1	Woah, I don't remember the last time I saw two members of the Avengers fight because one of them was mind controlled.
1	Yea, because the United States would totally level New York
1	Donald Glover:D
1	Because American's aren't smart and cultured.
1	But...but, how will we know how Spider-Man got his powers?
1	Everything has been done before, so why bother AMIRITE?!
1	Yep, they dyed his hair green. He's The Joker.
1	Yeah. Because a movie's narrative pacing and its total run time are totally mutually exclusive.
1	It is true Toy Story 2 and 3 were terrible, terrible movie !
1	I'm just hoping nobody dies in this movie because that gives me nightmares
1	Yes. You are literally the only person in human existence who would be confused by this.
1	Don't worry, DC seems to be restricting the use of characters like Deadshot and Deathstroke as they are brought into the movie universe. Isn't that great?! You get to lose your characters slowly!
1	No, I'm sure the music video/hunger games director wont churn out manufactured hollywood garbage and tarnish the meaning of the first epic for new generations.
1	What sequel?
1	Tom Hardy for Picard!
1	Summed it up perfectly!
1	Haha funny bro
1	Guys, guys, Arnold is getting older, is still pretty ripped, and has a beard. That means he should play Joel in a The Last of Us movie right?
1	My local theater charges 18$ but that's okay because in Switzerland we're all rich as fuck.
1	right i mean i am the only one leftover from my home planet... no one on earth i can relate to... and i was supposed to conquer the whole place but decided to be its guardian... yeah can totally understand the entire not brooding thing.
1	Depends how that Adam Sandler film does.
1	Buuut... They're robots. Obviously there's no way audiences could just... relate to someone not like them! Can you imagine if the spent half of the movie not even talking, just wandering around doing robot things and beeping?! There's no way a movie with a robot protagonist could sell!!!
1	He did comment on the casting of Ben Affleck though, i would say he did quite a lot already
1	Click was a really good drama of his!
1	*le tips fedora*
1	Jesus Christ that's subtle.
1	Yeah every other remake of an 80's movie has been awesome and improved upon the original.
1	Sure they can, they just have to jump to grandma age, just like Helen Mirren and Meryl Streep.
1	I know, Scarlett Johansson's in both of them! ^^^^^^
1	Oh cmon guys...the corporate magic movie formula *always* works...and if it doesn't it's because of those dirty pirates.
1	How does it compare to Schindler's List? I've been meaning to see this movie.
1	Damn, first Chris Pratt, now Nolan? These guys are really taken to Reddit today, eh?
1	I'm sure all the CGI technicians that worked on the film feel the same way.
1	Pacific rim should have been so good that it won 10 Oscars.
1	Wow, great argument.
1	When did Leo work with Scorsese? Haha
1	B-b-b-but practical effects!
1	Peter Dinklage is type casted though. He always plays a dwarf!
1	**SPOILERS MAN, JEEZUS CHRIST!!!**
1	He was great in Interstellar!
1	That appeared to be a 7/11. There are no 7/11s in Minnesota. Terrible movie
1	Not that often you see Count Dooku and Grand Moff Tarkin in the same pic
1	I wonder if Kevin Bacon is the bad guy
1	Yep because they eviscerated max at the end, right?
1	VHS tapes have so much more *warmth* than DVDs.
1	Nope! They're all black so they're all the same!
1	Spoilers, goddammit.
1	That was The Following.
1	It's rough and irritating also
1	Someone didn't get the memo that old stuff is always better than new stuff.
1	Jaden
1	Wow that kick wouldn't have the force to knock the dinasaur through a boarded up window. She didn't even land it center-of-mass
1	I'm excited to see a montage with 70's disco music.
1	Yeah, Shakespeare is such a niche thing. Who the fuck reads anyway, amirite? I gots me some GTA to play, bitch!
1	Well maybe LaVey would have enjoyed the new Johnny Depp movie, *Black Mass*.
1	Yeah, they should've cast him as white because it's gonna make little black kids upset.
1	Maybe on a bee inside a piece of amber
1	Yeah when I was watching Avatar I didn't even notice!
1	Did you even watch the original? Sure, it seems simple, but deep down it's about how families can be torn apart, and how divorce is just a horrible thing
1	So creepy I had to lock my doors and turn on a night light.
1	Yeah, it would be really easy to expand a highway if the extra lanes had actually been built several years ago and all that was needed was the walls of the highway to be moved. I don't understand why they don't expand highways like that?
1	Yeah. Then maybe we could have gotten the team behind the LoTR trilogy to make it. They would have respected the property.
1	You don't say? This could actually be about attractiveness and not age?? Blasphemy. Clearly you are a virgin neckbeard and deserve to be publicly shamed.
1	But art's job isn't to reflect reality. Its purpose is propaganda for social justice. Get with the program.
1	Since reading seems to be an issue for you and a few others, it's in the comments of the article. Someone named Dan Mike posted it an hour ago and a couple of posters have already asked him which book/movie. So when he gets back to them, I'll be sure to update you!
1	Maybe Mexican then?
1	"Nothing says ""Classic Star Trek"" like a screaming, bloodlusted Spock punching a man in the face."
1	But it felt so slow!
1	Next thing you know they will have young boys playing the drums and trumpet as soldiers march into battle. How unrealistic would that be.
1	Yeah, they're waaaaaay off.
1	Then what's it doing on History?
1	Because we are sooooooo serious on 4chan.
1	Gone Girl made everyone realise marriage is pointless
1	Yeah. That's what's causing society to become infantalized.
1	didn't you hear, the avengers was poised to make $2 billion, so this should make $5,024,532,627,646,642
1	This time Mad Max will tackle racism and transgender issues
1	This can only be good.
1	Because only children like boobs
1	Just like Iron Man, right?
1	I can't think of a single ~~triology~~ movie that did extremely well that had orcs and magic and was based off a nerdy source.
1	Yes, because addressing female representations in media should be put on hold completely until we address problems with women all around the world. It's completely impossible to tackle several things at the same time.
1	Wait, I thought everyone liked *Doom*
1	Yea! We've already got a solid story to tell. Base it off Other M!
1	They're magic pants duh. If you were a wizard too you could see them obviously.
1	OMG the Joker is driving? Where'd he find the time to get a license? Ledger's Joker (the only one I am familiar with) never would have done that!
1	Haha! Women in a movie! I thought that was so hilarious!
1	ten feet tall blue aliens/normal sized Native Americans, its *practically* the same thing. Don't be so suburban.
1	Nice to see that he'll be in 8, would've liked to see him in 7.
1	Did it take you 12 years to come up with that
1	Nah brah. I heard they are doing a reboot in 2018.
1	Shut up you Marvel hater, don't you know? Shaky cam and cluttering the screen with debris is a more interesting way of filming fight scenes nowadays. Stop being a Marvel hater!
1	Are you kidding me??? That CGI looked so bad. I wish they went back to using practical make up and costumes like in the originals. They looked seamless
1	How do we recover from something like this.... The end of times... Maybe....
1	Yeah, I was so hyped for the movie until I saw this poster. Like seriously, never felt so disappointed.
1	This'll teach 'em, learn American or go home
1	Yeah my bad Gotham only has Bruce Wayne in it. Because that's not the same thing
1	Oh my god! There are other movies that get released other than superhero movies?! Oh my god **thank you**! I had *no* idea! This solves all of the issues I have and I'll change my opinion accordingly! You totally understood the points I was making!
1	""" That's a lot of fish"""
1	Because a team of superheros can cause a shitload of collateral damage as long as they crack jokes during the process and go out for shwarma afterwards.
1	THEY ENTERTAIN US THEY DESERVE THE MONEY
1	I hope the ACLU will then address the bigger systemic inequality in Hollywood hiring practices which is that Jewish individuals are vastly overrepresented, I hope we can remove this systemic bias against gentiles by suing companies whose employees are more than 1.4% Jewish (proportionate to the national demographic)
1	Definitely the american version of Old Boy
1	But, but ... why the hell would anyone go through the painstaking effort to animate that when you can do it on a computer
1	In Looper, time travel only affects body parts.
1	"How'd they miss the chance to name this ""The h8ful"" instead?"
1	as a social justice warrior i dont like to see a woman with a black eye. i plan to start a twitter hashtag to stop violence against women in this movie
1	Don't you know? The list of classics is Marvel films before 2010!
1	No! It's Channing's fault they decided to use a SINKING ICEBERG as the finale.
1	He was still figuring out the best way to fuck it up with his mystery box bullshit.
1	Yay another Avengers movie
1	They're both women and women aren't funny.
1	Awesome, another Avengers film.
1	Damn right I want a used 120 GB USB 2.0 external hard drive for $50.
1	They went to a farmhouse!?  Dude, SPOILERS!!!
1	So, it'll be Avengers: Infinitely High Ticket Prices?
1	Great. The fact that a movie poster has such a huge flaw makes me even more hopeful for the movie.
1	The Phantom Menace
1	"Lol. Okay. Let's not pretend that you're being downvoted for your opinion. On Reddit, the way to disagree with people and not get downvoted is to disagree respectfully. And, not shockingly, your comments that disagree respectfully are upvoted. What gets downvoted are the lines like ""...the show magically stops being the piece of shit I've been watching..."" and ""season 1 was like a bowl of butt fungus and season two was just a bowl of fungus."" Yeaaaah, I WONDER why those got downvoted"
1	*It insists upon itself*.
1	even before that, in the late sixties!
1	I hope it's as good as the last one was
1	no way man.  I want to see thor hike to that cave.
1	Yeah that part with the train being there at just the right time makes perfect sense.
1	yeah, kids should get better at making their OWN stuff.
1	The white cis-male Banner is the real monster!
1	Do you really think someone would do that? Just go on the internet and be offended?
1	"That's all just ""male power fantasies"", dude. Didn't you get the feminist memo? Physically fit and attractive women are fantasies for men. Physically fit and attractive men are *also* fantasies for men. Women don't have any fantasies."
1	They left the Avengers? Wow I didn't even catch that. I'm gonna miss seeing them in Marvel movies!
1	Just more racist Hollywood trying to white wash movies, duh
1	Everything looks so...bland. More dark colors please.
1	Because he's crazy! And the only way to show that he's crazy! Is to announce. With HAs. Is comic book font.
1	because thats what everyone who doesn't like the look of run of the mill comedy films want right?
1	Yeah you're totally not proving his point
1	Because she only increases the cinematic value of a movie.
1	yayyy another jim carey movie remake.
1	Jingle all the way was filmed in Saint Paul. Arnold's best movie by far!
1	Such a big loss!
1	With bitcoin that's a real question.
1	Dude don't you know that when you disagree with someone's opinion you are literally fucking them in their face with your shit?
1	Sounds like a solid plan. I expect 100% compliance.
1	I want it and I can easily get it for free so I'm entitled to it.
1	Kevin Bacon?
1	this fucking guy doesn't realize that you can watch AMC from home.
1	Yea I hope it's has all the subtlety and nuance of an Oliver Stone film.
1	Only with John Hurt as Batman.
1	World Trade Center came out only 5 years later and that was a homerun
1	My forearm socks from Spencer's  are the epitome of late 90s punk. Stop trying to force me into your society.
1	Not even remotely close.  One on the left has a necklace.
1	I dont get it.  It's not even pink?
1	Don't forget Mr Poppers penguins. Seminal.
1	There were TWO Daft Punk movies I didn't find out about?
1	There were TWO Daft Punk movies I didn't find out about?
1	Who is this Chaplin you speak of? Do you mean Robert Downey Jr. aka iron man?
1	Oh you didn't know all Denny's and Waffle House's have 24 hr childcare?
1	Oh my , we're in Oscar territory with that story line.
1	But piracy is killing the movie industry, how is this possible?
1	Glad they spoiled the fact everyone made it across to the other roof
1	But arnies on reddit it has to be good right guyssss?
1	Oops. Didn't catch that part. The Last Airbender it is then.
1	Don't worry, Argo did not have any historical inaccuracies, I am sure it will be fine.
1	Ben Affleck? Controversial subject matter? That wont have any bias or spin.
1	Just like all Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy's other movies.
1	I think the Mick Jagger one is more historically accurate
1	I didn't like how Jaws was all about that shark swimming around and eating people.  Such a ridiculous premise.
1	Found the SJW!
1	You were clearly the one being anti-semitic here.
1	Holy shit that wasn't a real car?  Im blown away!
1	Better not have guns in it, because he hates guns.
1	Amazing Spider-Man 2 - Great piece of storytelling, soundtrack that is up their with the best and had some great imagery that stuck with you way after you have left the cinema.
1	More race-swapping? You go Hollywood! So original
1	Yea i bet it will be sooo different
1	Yea i bet it will be sooo different
1	"Cool, well that theater experience is ruined now. Thanks money hungry, un-artistic Hollywood execs! I totally wasn't going to see Civil War, but this ONE ""would've been cool not knowing"" thing totally pushed me over the edge now!"
1	Better than TED? Impossible.
1	Oh, no, he's an actor, he has every right to judge.
1	He didnt look to the left fast enough. This movie is gonna suck so hard
1	With good reason didn't you know? The movies aren't making any profit!
1	wait didnt you see it, he changes from marine to army clothing.
1	AKA K-pax
1	Is it that he looks like the Green Goblin?
1	Yeah. It's not like Hans has plenty of projects anyway.
1	Wow, such a great casting choice.
1	Yeah, same for Gone Girl and Fight Club. Extremely predictable thanks to the book.
1	"You know, he directed ""Fright Night,"" ""Child's Play,"" and ""The Langoliers."" Thought they would go younger with the casting though, he is in his 70s now."
1	Oh another Spider Man reboot, great we haven't had one for a few years.
1	My bones were starting to itch because I haven't had a spiderman reboot in so long.
1	#WHAAAT!?!
1	Looks like he took a *bullet* to the knee at one point.
1	7 years old. Am a little girl
1	The Coen Bros will totally jump onto a popular modern video game movie adaptation. Sounds right up their alley.
1	No, no, accurately depicting real life is too intense for little Johnny and Susie.
1	Ah...crap....I don't know about you guys, but direct-to-video movies *are so fucking awesome*.  I am so pissed he did that.
1	Clearly you hate women
1	Everything about SDCC will come up online too. I guess I should stop going to cons now!
1	FUCK YOU FOR NOT LOVING THINGS I LOVE
1	Because we use comma with follow up numbers. It actually makes sense if you think about it... ohh, I forgot you can't you are an American. Death to the imperial system!
1	Yeah I bet Disney is going to lose so much money on Marvel movies because they aren't at SDCC
1	I'm glad the Cannes Film Festival remains the guiding light of quality cinema.
1	My life is not complete if a single person grades Inside Out at C+.
1	"The kid swinging open the door and them playing the Jurassic park theme as the camera pans over the ""Samsung Innovation Center"" and other boring buildings wasn't iconic to you?"
1	Wait, you DON'T need hundreds of millions to make a great movie?
1	The manga?  Don't you mean... the graphic novel?
1	Because it's *catchy.*
1	Wow, everyone was thinking it.
1	My grandma told me that Star Wars will only make 100 dollars. I think she knows what she's talking about, asshole!
1	Was that even possible before the iPhone?
1	But le 90's NOSTALGIA!
1	Dude if people had their feet up, it would totally ruin the movie experience with all those feet shadows clotting up the screen.
1	Good for Spielberg, he needed  that.
1	Because you should just see the movie and enjoy it you pleb! What is wrong with you?!?
1	Don't you realize that your opinion is wrong? That you're enjoying things you're not supposed to?
1	I agree. Who cares if Ray Rice beats his wife, so long as he's a great football player, he should be allowed to play.
1	And like the 90s version did. I think we understand now
1	But...Idris isn't ENGLISH English, is he?
1	Racebending in Hollywood has gone too far. Marlon Brando has *always* been white in the comics.
1	This time he's a villain, so there's nothing wrong with it.
1	I do not appreciate you being funnier than me
1	Bullshit, he died because he was a lardassed land whale don't u kno?
1	Too bad. If only he was fat he might have lived longer
1	Shssshhh...spoilers
1	The FBI has its priorities straight
1	Yea it all happened because John Candy turned down a role. Damn him.
1	You still haven't seen T2?
1	"You mean having the character say ""yay"" every few minutes doesn't add dimension? It's an inspired way to avoid actually writing about thoughts and feelings."
1	Don't worry, I'm sure there's a twist somewhere that makes it all worthwhile
1	Nice, could have used a spoiler tag for anyone that hasn't seen it.
1	right because uwe boll has made a single good movie that would merit massive crowd funding
1	I haven't seen American Sniper but you perfectly describe how I felt about In The Line Of Fire a million years ago when it was out. I guess it's Eastwood's style, man!
1	It's true. Guys always go to movies by ourselves and never ask anyone else if they want to go see it with us.
1	Yeah, god forbid I want movies to be treated like art
1	its as underrated as edge of tomorrow is on reddit
1	Oh great! We had a perfectly good movie with a woman and a black man as the lead roles and then a *white male* had to show up and ruin everything!
1	He should have given it up
1	And yet, here was the signal from a trusted authority *on the planet itself* saying it's a great place to stay. One wonders why they took the chance. It was just the final mission to save humankind, after all.
1	No women are only equal to men if they have bionic arms
1	Yeah, what was Shakespeare thinking with Iago?
1	Great, they're already stealing from Kingsmen.
1	With all the shrimpish men out there, it's frankly unbelievable that women haven't been in power for centuries. Not buying it.
1	Meryl's going for that 4th Oscar.
1	Yeah but think about the possibilities.  James Bond appearing in Disney Infinity with a paintball gun (you know for kids) and be super serious and quippy or better yet have Mickey Mouse for Disneyland/World promotions pose as James Bond.
1	Not like a language changes in 600 years. No sir it stays exactly the same
1	Be careful man, this guy majored in media studies
1	It'll go to Inside Out because it deals with mental illness
1	Yeah. Who doesn't love Mike and Molly?!
1	We need to support original films like Tron 3 so we can get more original films (like Tron 4).
1	OMG, that scene was so gay
1	I fail to see why this would surprise anyone. As one female pundit put it, people want to watch those they'd like to fuck. I don't know why this is blowing anyone's minds, but women tend to go for older men and men for younger women. Shocking, I know.
1	"Oh yay, I can't wait for John Cena in the new ""They Live""."
1	TIL Leonardo DiCaprio had other roles after *Growing Pains*.
1	are you stupid or something? any movie with black people that aren't serving white people (or at least magical negro) is total reverse racism, anti-white, kanye BULLSHIT. Just like if a movie has a woman who isn't doing everything in her power to help her husband/boyfriend, she is obviously a tumblr posting, feminazi, manhating, bitch who friendzoned nice guys like you or me.
1	If he had any semblance of self-awareness or filtering he'd be no better than those DAMN CENSORING SJWS
1	Wow, you mean Crispin Glover is a creepy weirdo? Never thought of that before, that's amazeballs!
1	Trump is a rich white guy from the reagan era so he's obviously evil
1	If only this movie was directed by Edgar Wright
1	And yet *Ghost Busters* is original while *Avatar* is a shameless sci-fi remake of *Pocahontas/Ferngully/Dances With Wolves*.
1	But the human eye can't see past 30 FPS!
1	Careful, you can't say you like something that everyone else on reddit hates!
1	Did you know that both parties are literally the same?
1	Good! That way it's fair!
1	Ah, like the CA2: The Winter Soldier?
1	Wow good job.  Nobody has ever noticed this.  -_-
1	I wonder if Jake Gyllenhaal will reprise his role as Homer Hickam
1	Gambit fan checking in. Sad about the movie but glad we get to see Ant Man!
1	Another remake yay!
1	But they already made a logo and put a release date and stuff!
1	Tumblr is that way.
1	What, no Dunston Checks In? This list is crap.
1	You're completely right, it's completely okay to enslave and kill a minority race.
1	John Wick was clearly better than the Godfather.
1	But dude, didnt you dig that sweet jar-jar binks action?
1	You want spoilers? He has claws! How's that for a spoiler. SUCKER!
1	Did you see how that part of the sentence was dressed? Bro,it was just being for it.
1	It's impossible to be sexist against men, just like it's impossible to be racist against Caucasians.
1	"No, no, see, when you look at what he wrote in its original context, it was actually a long-winded paragraph that translated to, ""no one expected this movie to be a comedic masterstroke..."" which of course clearly means he didn't think it was."
1	What is a silly fad not worth development time?
1	who are you to say that? you know its comments like that which really piss me off!
1	Yeh Jurassic Park was shit because of all that CGI. It clearly should have been all practical.
1	If only there were a unit of measurement for the amount of energy contained in food.
1	TIL you can't dislike a person for being an asshole if he's good at his job.
1	Ya, why can't the US figure out mental illness like the rest of the first world? They don't have mass shootings, so they must not have mental health issues.
1	Well, doesn't being Muslim mean you're violent and crazy anyways?
1	We should come up with a schedule for drugs and make some of them unavailable without a perscription or something.  Maybe that would help fix the drug problem in America....
1	No no, it happened, but it was an inside job so the gubment can take away our guns.
1	Nah, just make media report less about these incidents and it will magically work itself out.
1	Is a lion mentally ill when it kills the biggest lion and all his offspring to gain control of the pride?
1	Be honest - you just made that
1	What are you talking about? The acting was *amazing* in that movie! Just look at all those A-list actors!
1	He then charged the interviewer 1 million dollars for his fleeting performance.
1	Dude spoilers.
1	Yeah, the Nazi movement and this box office comparison perfectly captures the recent history of Germany. It's all you need to know about that country, really.
1	Did you hear Mr Mom is gonna play Batman? What are they thinking !?
1	But, how else are we going to get an origin story for everything Godzilla related?
1	Careful what you wish for. We can't have too many original ideas
1	YAY, I'm so glad we know who the main villain is by the second trailer.
1	Because MERICA!!! That's why.
1	TL;DR just turn your brain off
1	Yeah but there were a lot of episodes, so if you add up all the viewers it's a lot more than 70 million.
1	You're an American hero fighting on behalf of the IRS. I salute you for selflessly stealing movies in the name of injustice.
1	Are you trying to tell me that you don't think a virus can be simultaneously intelligent enough to recognize other diseases and too dumb to realize that other diseases bear no threat to it's spread whatsoever? Seems like a pretty solid logical thing to me
1	Jedi is the plural and Jedus is singluar. Like cactus.
1	Duh, of course
1	Prisoners was the nail in the coffin
1	Nerds like comic books!! All nerds like all comic books!!
1	Yah, you betcha! The fact that someone would shove a body into a woodchipper gives me the chills.
1	Opinions? You're not allowed to have those on Reddit!
1	SRS comes to the rescue of imaginary women on reddit at a moments notice.  One day soon when they have proven themselves sensitive to the plight of women they may finally know what it's like to have a relationship.
1	Wouldn't Redditors be able to relate then?
1	But wait! High School Musical!
1	Just work more hours
1	Ya know, kindly go fuck yourself. Every time I almost forget, some shit ass Browncoat makes a comment like this and I have to go watch them all again.
1	Glad they're finally treating these things as theme park rides, fuck the plot! We have shiny things!
1	I wonder if they'll make a sequel?
1	You don't understand. Marvel is literally the devil and making the worst movies.
1	Too bad he's never lied about this franchise before
1	But the last fantastic 4 movie was so good and fox did a great job with the last spiderman film
1	Psh, he only says fuck like 18 times. Thats straight PG-13 garbage
1	Yea! and there are totally no 34 yo actresses as good as JLaw!
1	As long as he doesn't Adam Sandler it.
1	Yeah, cause Spider-Man is *never* humorous and quippy.
1	How can he play Robin and then the Joker in BVS movie?
1	that shit Mad Max movie, right?
1	B-B-But isn't he playing Lex Luthor already???
1	So is Tom Hardy playing the Tom Cruise role or the guy with the red skin and big horns?
1	Well I did smoke a fuckload of weed at 5 years old
1	This isn't fair, this is so feminist.
1	Wow so genuine, and so funny..
1	"That ""ass to ass"" scene always picks me up out of a deep depression...."
1	Yeah Joker stabbing a guy's head through a pencil in the most popular Batman movie there is sure was for kids
1	The Ancient One is supposed to be Asian! Look at how they fucked up the Mandarin too! This is ridiculous. I won't see it.
1	But I thought women, especially in Hollywood, make less than their male counterparts
1	Agreed. That's why Louis CK sucks too.
1	No, its clearly a mark of misandry in Hollywood!
1	Yes let's ban everything except for the latest marvel circlejerk
1	I demand equal pay for male actors!
1	OMG! That is so unfair!!!
1	Noooo. How dare you say that it's ok to pay people differently based on experience, and marketability! That's not PC. Capitalist pig.
1	Hollywood is sexist !
1	I bet the feminists will be out in force seeking justice regarding the inequality featured here.
1	NO IT IS NOT A PLOT HOLE THEREs reasONIgs for evERything! You fucking PLEBITE.
1	Pffft yea right! This is clearly the work of the matriarchy!
1	OP I think you may be color blind those are the exact same colors
1	I needed the time to respond to your wit.
1	midichlorians.
1	Yes. We should all be held accountable for the words and actions of our fathers.
1	"Nothing says ""movie worth seeing"" more than a movie that changes the visual style during post production."
1	Whereas Sean Penn tied up, beat and raped Madonna over a period of several hours, and *clearly* his career is in ruins.
1	Shame on them for not inventing interdimensional travel! Shame on them for not filming their actors falling into actual lava! Shame! Shame!
1	"But that's just ""anti-Zionism"""
1	So wait, are we NOT gonna bitch and moan about a person of color playing a white character this time around?
1	I can't really see him as the joker, honestly.
1	I'm glad Reynolds is enthusiastically taking to Twitter to promote another comic book property turned film. All of his others have been top notch!
1	You're right, I forgot this was a shot for shot adaptation of your favorite Joker &amp; Harley story arc and not an independent movie open to interpretation, my bad.
1	Yeah, Hollywood totally needs to follow advice from random people on internet telling them how to run their business.
1	At least the Squibs are real
1	Duh, what else would you call them?
1	Well there's a joke I've never heard before.
1	I don't believe you. Mathematically, that isn't even possible.
1	I always expected Last Blood would be a buddy cop style war movie where he trains his replacement. Oh well I guessed wrong
1	"Preposterous.  A group of people within 20 years cannot be called ""not bad"" and then ""bad"" without being a hypocrite!!1!"
1	You mean Zelda?
1	Wow..they should have left that in...but my guess it was deemed not violent enough.
1	Doesn't anybody care that they attacked us on 9/11?
1	But what if I want to make sure the person next to me was up to date with what's going to happen in five minutes? How can I tell him to prepare himself for the amazing stuff he is going to see?!
1	It's not hard to make a sandwich
1	"Guess we should all not see the movie because of your ""expertise"" in the film industry"
1	Almost like it's a movie, who would of thought it
1	Oh right because super heroes are such a new phenomenon.
1	Come on dude ! So now what, I just don't see the movie ? Please next time use a spoiler tag --'.
1	Good, we get to see Bruce's parents get murdered again.
1	Yea too many heroes just like Avengers
1	Batman should always be a solitary figure. The concept of a child crime fighter is ridiculous! It ruins the gritty realism of a man who fights crime dressed as a bat!
1	He also did a fantastic job in *Hamlet 2*.
1	Can't wait for Screen Junkies to talk about how much they hate this trailer and how this movie will suck.
1	No cause its not out yet
1	"""I'll be back!"""
1	With Queen Latifa?
1	But sinister 2 trailer looked bad so all horror movies since Nightmare on Elm Street must be bad
1	WE DID IT REDDIT!
1	Yeah really can't wait for the next Avatar movie to revive the 3D fad and have that gimmicky expensive bullshit be forced down our throats!
1	Yes, this properly staged publicity shot certainly looks much cooler than a candid behind the scenes photo.
1	Yes, because people should never get immersed in fiction that they enjoy. Why would anyone find something fun and want to see more? That's madness.
1	Hell, they're still family friendly!
1	Can't wait for the new and improved Mona Lisa, too. Get on it, it's soooo dated.
1	Nah man having a black person in a film is feminist jew propaganda destroying the white mans culture.
1	But people pirate because they don't have access to the content!
1	No the best part of Transfarmers was having Marky Mark have to talk Optimus fucking Prime into being a good guy again.
1	THIS IS WHY I NEED MENINISM
1	Are you honestly saying that women could be cast for any reason other than a marketing ploy from the evil corporate execs to appeal to all the nasty SJW feminists?  That is crazy talk!
1	LOL! How random!
1	How can you be sure?
1	That's why the special effects team lost their job, they weren't resourceful enough.
1	So much better without the CG.
1	Like a sequel to *Paul.*
1	Zach and Cody, get out of here 2000's kid.
1	Ugh stop bragging
1	I went in expecting Schindlers List, dammit
1	yea pardoning a murder as a favor for his friend is so badass
1	Nono cartoons are immature, dinosaurs and robots are pure MAN
1	One of them is black the other is white.
1	You mean they're not called clips?
1	With a clever title like that, it just can't lose!
1	Yeah, Watchmen's plot definitely sucks.
1	Nah dude the 30 lines of shitty forced jokes/puns in every fucking front page post are hilarious.
1	Yeah, I'd love to hear this in front of Her or Saving Private Ryan
1	Yup. Totally is.
1	Because banning movies has always been so successful at quashing public interest in them.
1	But movies with flying people are more realistic when people die and its glossed over like nothing happened.
1	Yeah, Argo was *soooooo* bad.  Can't believe anyone would think that movie was even remotely good.  And fuck me he was excruciating to watch in Gone Girl, right?  Or the countless number of other critically praised movies he's been in, **fuck that**.
1	Clearly since he was such a pivotal character to the plot
1	Nothing more funny than watching a woman hit a man. It makes me so proud to see how society encourages and finds entertaining the prospect of women using violence against men.
1	Oh God, you re such a nerd
1	Michael B. Jordan, stealing yet another white man job.
1	Was hoping for a Scott Stapp biopic.
1	"A Zak Efron movie targeted at ""millennials""?! Who could have ever foreseen this movie flopping?"
1	And he has a Kenyan accent!
1	Ya being passionate about a certain sport is sooooo excessive.
1	The story sounds plausible
1	Maybe he is him?.
1	"""but the one i listed is more like 2.5 acts"""
1	Really? It is Star Wars! I think it is obvious that guess might be a little conservative
1	But don't you understand? We need to see those commentators from the pod race *now*. What have they been up to? How can I be a fan if there is even an ounce of world building that isn't explained to death and has the mystery sucked dry from it? This is what George Lucas never understood!
1	At least I got you and your comments. Thanks for being there, dude.
1	We will all be worse off for not seeing the glorious Aunt May spinoff movie
1	How dare she be charitable in Africa! Doesn't she know that her money belongs in america and no place else? Fuck Oprah for fighting sexism and lack of education in the third world and you know what fuck George Clooney for trying to prevent genocide in Darfur.
1	Too much dialogue, not enough violence and gore.
1	YOU'RE JUST TOO DUMB TO GET IT!
1	Thanks, China
1	Yep, let's keep pushing the bullshit stereotype. That will fix sexism
1	Yes, please. Let's talk about this some more.
1	NO please!!! Everybody knows that practical laughs are the way to go. Did you guys see Mad Laughs: Jokey Road, every laugh was practical!!!!
1	Well gee, thanks for spoiling it!
1	Oh no people have a different opinion on something than me? Must be virgins
1	Now do it Terminator style where you let them know the relationship between Luke and Vader in the trailer.
1	This is it! Global warming affects Hollywood, sure to see changes now
1	Doesn't matter. Came in under budget.
1	Cause DiCaprio was soooooo good in great Gatsby.
1	CHIMICHANGAS LEL xD
1	Specially after those brilliant pre-quels
1	So I guess they must have cured the movie pirating thing.
1	Re-Hire Brett Ratner
1	Just like how real swordsmen constantly hit themselves with the hilt.
1	Zodiac. They should have caught the killer after decades of looking...
1	At what point is it not a teaser anymore? This gave away the whole plot.
1	Splinter from Ninja Turtles does look like the stereotypical oriental person with his tattered clothes, living in a sewer and has a pointy nose and squinty rat eyes
1	Yeah, cuz the MCU is known for great storytelling with real, grounded, emotional scenes.
1	Honestly, who isn't? Those movies are art.
1	Like Ashton Kutcher
1	Nah man, slavery ended in 1865 and there was *nothing* that happened afterward that maintained white superiority and racial violence against black people. Former slave owners were more than happy to peacefully coexist with people that they owned a short time prior.
1	No it doesn't and you are obviously a worse person than me for holding that opinion.
1	Yeah, The Social Network and The Wolf of Wall Street are two of the worst movies I have ever seen.
1	But they abuse the environment they must abuse their families!
1	You ever notice how LA is not like NY? Crash is so deep.
1	Also, the Lord of the Rings movies must have actually taken place in Middle Earth, and not in New Zealand or on a sound stage, right? I mean, there are constant references to places like The Shire and Mordor, and I've seen a map of New Zealand and I don't see those on there *anywhere*.
1	Draft day?
1	THIS IS A MOVIES THREAD, DONT PUT YOUR PRETTY MUCH MOVIE IN TV FORM SHIT IN HERE.
1	Piracy is killing the film industry!
1	Is that all they're willing to give him anymore?
1	Well. Thats a lot of excitement
1	Oh, right, because children wouldn't want candy. Good move, M&amp;Ms.
1	Star Wars will for sure get Best Picture. No doubt.
1	You're not ready to spend the day fighting over it? Why are you even on this subreddit?
1	This is the first time I've heard anyone say anything bad about Uncharted's story. People have their opinions so whatever, but Uncharted's story has been critically acclaimed. To say it's not amazing, or it's not even good is honestly bullshit. You can't tell me Uncharted doesn't have a great story. The characters are interesting and have motives. The story makes sense and it's the closest thing you can get to becoming Indiana Jones.... but I'm sure since it's a video game it can't be good. Video games are for children and should never be taken seriously.
1	Oh, thank god for this post, or millions of people would have missed this movie. It's not like it has several *huge* names attached to it or is talked about frequently in the media. You're a fucking movie *savior*, OP. Thank you for alerting us to this carefully hidden, obscure gem.
1	The one thing Jaws was missing was the Mafia
1	"Only one ""n"" in Moana. You have to wait for Frozen 2 to get ""Mo""re Anna."
1	But why would I bother seeing a movie if I don't know what the first four plot twists are?
1	Obviously it's her fault
1	Heh, I have you tagged from your Fantastic Four thread. I'm guessing that didn't make it for you, huh.
1	Yeah, the phrase 'verbal abuse' is just some made up words used by butthurt idiots
1	Hey, leave him be, he's just trying to use falseties to bolster his stance.
1	Yeah because that would be awesome
1	I found it really annoying how those German Nihilist people were so incompetent. It's like, come on you guys! Get it together!!! Geez, what a bad movie!!
1	"""B... but... that's the point, and shows how excellent the film is"""
1	So are they going to make a sequel focusing on the other characters?  Maybe they could break it up into a couple of origin movies.  NWA Origins: MC Ren.
1	I think the twist that Harry mentions is that this time, Frankenstein is the doctor, not the monster. *mind blown*.
1	Is that a young Bernie Sanders?
1	Wow- AUGUST!
1	Oh great.
1	What? There are no asians in the Star Wars universe!
1	Bruh I totally know what you mean! Less of this immature kiddy cartoon shit more gritty dark drama for grown up mature adults like me!
1	I'm really glad for the spoilers they keep feeding us.
1	Everybody knows all films that are about social issues of any kind are just Oscar bait. Stick to tits, explosions and monster trucks.
1	Citizen Kane, except based on Donald Trump
1	That's preposterous!
1	Cool dude!
1	And they're all multi-racial transvestites, right?
1	Vibroblades?
1	It was a meeting with four different people. Do you have any idea as to how difficult it is to coordinate something with four people?
1	Getting excited for a poster. The HYPE.
1	Let's get pissed at this like we did about ghostbusters!!!!!
1	Good point. Im feeling cheated by all these star wars trailers. Its called star wars but it clearly has scenes that dont take place in the stars.  I feel ripped off
1	Right after he finishes Silent Hills, Mountains of Madness and Hellboy 3
1	Pretty sure it was basically Mushu from Mulan?
1	STFU you pleb, Marvel is the best!
1	Yeah, The Departed, Goodfellas, and The Godfather also needed all the extra security with their gangster audiences.
1	Better to see every movie ever made and then decide for yourself
1	Yea and the human eye can't see more than 24fps.
1	Yes, because a scene that last less than half a second totally destroys Han Solo
1	probably because it hasn't been released yet
1	Magruber?
1	they are merely down voting you because testosterone is usually not lumped in with 'roids; and he's probably getting it very legally as a TRT.
1	Hey man, got any new comic book movies for sale? Haven't had any in awhile
1	Oh.My.God! 2 more seconds of new footage! HYPE TRAIN ACTIVATE!
1	no, christian bale was the character
1	I'm sure parenting up with Dennys to make a Thing burger and a fan4stic grandslam is at least a couple mil
1	Only gay men exist
1	Oh I'm sure fox could handle that
1	"Alrighty. Then Wonder Woman should just stand around looking pretty and doing nothing until she can use her looks to get information and drop a line that sounds like it should end with, ""Girl power!"""
1	Someone should've told Gunn... He might not have wasted his time with Guardians of the Galaxy
1	Danny De Vito starring as Shao Khan.
1	Nice try, Big Hollywood! Quit tryin' to steal my genius ideas!!!
1	Books master race
1	QUALITY POST!
1	They were just going for authenticity !
1	Finally!  More Ben Affleck.
1	yeah, almost like you can't possibly fit every villain ever from every movie ever made since the beginning of time in a 6 minute video
1	"Just announced by Sony, ""Dark Tower to star Adam Sandler and Kevin James""."
1	But...but spiderman.
1	Wait how did Dr. Mann survive the Endurance accident?
1	Only one basket scored that entire time. Most unrealistic aspect of the movie if you ask me.
1	You got me.
1	James Cameron wouldn't fit this description, either. No, not at all.
1	Nah the pants are way off, cg is ruining movies
1	C'mon it's a guy in a suit stepping on spraypainted macaroni boxes.
1	How does one make a Star Wars movie with no force?
1	But characters were more likeable ladidadaida something fuck Michael bay something
1	Makes sense though, because the claws were new and hadn't been broken in yet.
1	Well fuck you, they changed the colors in the different trailers, so of course its gonna suck!!
1	1991, *House Party 2*. You know, back in the day when there weren't sequels to everything.
1	I hope they recreate that scene from the Star Wars prequels where C3PO gets flung around the droid facility until he finally lands on a droid.
1	McSense.
1	You don't think chimichangas are funny?
1	Whoa that's so crazy, how did I know this was going to be the top comment.
1	Well, if makingstarwars says it will be in 70mm, then it must be true!
1	I know right, who the hell wants fun little hype building promotional bits that make people laugh?
1	Fucking warm apple pie all day like *American Pie*.
1	Hopefully in 10 movies DC will give us Detective Chimp and Composite Superman. Half
1	He starts off white, but after using his powers, gets burned to a darker skin Tone.
1	Wait was that the Edge of Tomorrow movie or was that the Live Die Repeat movie?
1	Because Dragon Ball went so well.
1	"So many people talking about him dying from drug use. Yeah, maybe it had a part. But everyone acting like he was snorting cocaine until the minute he died. I met Piper twice. He was a genuine stand up guy. He's been off the drugs for awhile now. I hate seeing all the typical posts ""Oh, another wrestler died from all that steroid and drug use"" FUCK YOU. You don't know what actually caused his heart attack. I hate seeing everyone just assume this man died from an apparent overdose. Everyone sucks"
1	"I know, and ""high quality""?  It's black and white for fuck's sake.  Why couldn't they have this shot in color at 1080p?"
1	you got so many ideas. you should direct ep 9.
1	Movie 43
1	Obviously, Pitch Perfect 3 will be the superior movie of the two.
1	That's why you should watch CinemaSins if you wanna be convinced to see a movie
1	DAE RED APPLE CIGARETTES?
1	"Well... It's OK she's white then... As long as there is ""girl power"" it makes up for everything."
1	Yeah, all those endings in Jaws and Jurassic Park were exhausting.
1	You mean the ending where the good guys shoot red tracer and the bad guys shoot green? No way that's not Hollywood at all
1	Yes, near-immortality is a perfect solution to overpopulation.
1	I thought it was just sick Depeche Mode reference.
1	Bah, new music sucks. Our generation knew what real music was.
1	Because many people talk highly of it.
1	Yup I wrote out that whole review because I'm just trolling
1	Is it Robin Williams memorial week already? You'd have made 50000000000x more karma if you posted this on the anniversary.
1	Principle
1	But there are no movies made out of America you silly.
1	Das racist.
1	so many spoilers!
1	Damn Japanese stealing our movie ideas!!!
1	It's symbolism. They don't see eye to eye.
1	He should do an AMA!
1	I feel sorry for the new dog at the end of the movie. Watch out Trooper! Someone is coming for you!
1	Keanu Reeves
1	But he quit Hollywood
1	You got me! The Angry Birds CEO also happens to be an avid League of Legends player and math geek!
1	No, you're right, it will just be 1 hour and a half of looking at birds not doing anything.
1	Because audiences are so familiar with real-life throat slitting.
1	Can't wait
1	I was really hoping to hear a DJ Khaled track in the middle of an animated movie, damn
1	Yes because the first one was so good
1	Yes, how dare they amend a Netflix description, the last bastion of free expression.
1	Yeah because Blofeld instantly means bad movie, especially when played by one of the best actors on the scene right now
1	Wow,  so funny.
1	"Don't you mean ""pretentious bullshit""?"
1	Wow, it's *almost* like they released the shitty CGI versions first so that die-hard fans would buy the movies twice on bluray. There is *no* *way* we could have ever foreseen this.
1	Oh so that's what he did! I couldn't figure it out... Thanks, mate!
1	bordom. that's how i feel about that whole goddamn movie.
1	Wow, a modern retelling of a Christmas Carol?!? Nobody's ever done that before.
1	thats fucking rascist!
1	Because, yah know; humans were around during the Triassic period. Makes sense, at least make it like land before time and keep to the realism
1	good luck with that
1	Everyone knows you don't spoil the genre
1	Shitty sequel to a shitty movie cancelled? Oh boy, I'm really upset!
1	B-but Avatar literally Pocahontas circlejerk!!
1	Still not an actual book. 0/10 try harder.
1	What's wrong with the bear? Indian bears like Balloo are basically the same thing as California Grizzlies right?
1	Can't wait for him to do an AMA
1	No no you are just mistaken it's obviously marvels fault.
1	Yes, because she was fucking horrendous in Her.
1	Some helicopters are there to shoot any drone or stuff spying on the shooting.
1	What's Senegal? Is that next to Africa?
1	There's a Presidential election in 2016. Coincidence? Wake up sheeple!
1	Yah I don't have any kids or a wife. If I was stuck in the middle of nowhere with no way to communicate for help, I wouldn't have any emotional turmoil. You're completely right.
1	So it seems we just need to stop showing women being pleasured...that is much worse for teens to see than the horrific violence thats allowed...yeah that makes sense.
1	but japan is just monsters, amirite
1	Just like how they stopped making comic books after Infinity Gauntlet?
1	It's going to be a brighter happier more nostalgic Tron Legacy, but with ugly people. I'm super excited
1	Sounds like something a genetically inferior being would say.
1	*Am I the only one who didn't like Dredd?*
1	Oh wow. Im so excited.
1	But it's how humans cope with le misery amirite fellow redditors?
1	In the same vein that Batman can beat Superman by outsmarting him. Apes are smarter than dinosaurs.
1	Nicholas Cage is doing it. The sharks will end up being aliens.
1	Wonder what the twist is in the Perfect Man
1	Yeah, I know. Case in point: Psycho!
1	I know right? Trailers for new movies in r/movies...the nerve of some people.
1	-1 not descriptive enough
1	The Blair Witch Project.
1	"Was it as great as "" The Village """
1	Sonny Corleone in the Godfather.
1	This is blatant fat-shaming!
1	Yeah, like how only ignorant people would ruin a pizza by preferring it with toppings, and how you must not truly appreciate peanut butter if you combine it with jelly.
1	Who designed this poster? Looks like they finally hired somebody from the Art Institute.
1	Anne Hathaway? That old hag?
1	But he's so funnies
1	No all romance in movies is automatically shoehorned and unnecessary
1	Yeah, why can't Marvel Studios make movies that aren't based on their comics?
1	Yeah sure, he's a great actor.
1	No, because that's too easy and it makes sense.
1	They all look the same to me.
1	What does Hank Hill's dog have to do with this?
1	But the movie wasn't DEEP enough!!! :'( I need my action movies to have a deep and complicated plot like Schindler's list because that's what makes an ACTION movie.
1	Racist
1	You need to reevaluate your childhood
1	If you ask my redneck brother and his redneck family, they all think God got robbed because American Sniper should have won
1	Spielberg is the worst director ever for copying the Vertigo shot in Jaws. And Scorsese for the entire plot of The Departed.
1	Right, it should've had a sprawling worldwide international conspiracy plot with twists and turns and betrayals and 20 more characters and an hour of exposition and backstory and subplots. That would've automatically made it 10x better
1	Transformers has pretty good action sequences. I've found that all Michael Bay movies do, actually.
1	"You didn't think, ""Let's free the water by driving here and back"" was detailed?"
1	The play is cursed everyone that was in the original production is now dead.
1	You're a racist for saying this!
1	Ah yes that old trope
1	Yeah! And Goku is Japanese.
1	"He said it ""wasn't a color issue"". Do you seriously need more proof?"
1	Better cast every role in hollywood with wrestlers
1	You mean ... Matt Damon isn't brooding throughout? What a load of fucking shit.
1	It's a police officer watching them
1	It's so rare that the movie studios listen and respond so perfectly to the demands of the people, but it's finally happening!
1	Yeah they might as well pull it from theaters and burn the prints. After all there's no way there can be room for 2 different kinds of popular movies
1	Exactly, fucking do nothing bitch
1	Well it would be just tragic if the female lead was older than the male.
1	Hopefully they make a John Wick 2 paid DLC for payday :\^)
1	You can get lasik surgery on Amazon. I hear they have a two for one deal.
1	Not sure how that adds up to idiot, probably rely less on repetition and have a more solid case.
1	Obsessed with his work, cynical, doesn't care about the rest with a few exceptions, does what he does for joy not because he thinks it must be done, mocks the police? I don't see how it's related to Sherlock character at all.
1	Yeah, Without Remorse was as boring as revenge tales get.
1	Yeah, she'd be much better as Captain Marvel don't you know?
1	Yeah, don't you remember the parts where James Bond sort of rapes someone? Classic James Bond right there!
1	NOOOO! Movies are supposed to make you feel enlightened about the world and increase your intellect. You are obviously too STUPID to comprehend smarter films and instead go for silly action flicks made by low-tier directors, who are hardly on the same level as Nolan.
1	That sounds awesome!
1	Such a subtle light handed political allergory
1	That's My Bush on comedy central back a while ago. Literally Hitler
1	They needed room for The Hangover
1	Don't you get it? The pterodactyl sounds were her depression
1	Oooh Sick burn
1	But he's so irreverent
1	"I'm just hoping a plot twist will be Kylo Ren saying ""Luke, I am your son."""
1	No man, don't you know that in literally anything else they would've CG'ed her to look 22 and given her DD tits too!? It's just like how in the James Bond movies they made Judi Dench look like a supermodel, because Hollywood is so misogynistic.
1	they must be gamergaters
1	Apple fanboys were to broke to see the movie after recent phone upgrades :P
1	Memento and Interstellar are literally the same movie
1	Everyone knows that all it takes to make an art film is innovative shooting.
1	Can't wait for next year's version.
1	Didn't you see The Social Network?
1	Awesome prank Farva.
1	It's a good thing there's people on the internet to provide the cold hard facts needed to prove the validity of their points
1	He's signed up for a role where he plays a Senior college student who needs to get his shit together or else he won't graduate. There's a B plot where Hanks shows an adorkable 19 year old actress that she is beautiful by taking off her glasses and putting her hair down.
1	Great expose, I know that I ALWAYS check Fandango for my movie reviews.
1	He represents the race which you think he represents (how dare you think that).  Racist!
1	Hey, woah, calm down and have some sake. Don't send the Triad after me, or some sort of ancient Chinese samurai ghost.
1	Now I'm hype for episode I.
1	Yea, if you are not a famous actor then your life is meaningless! Brought to by TMZTM
1	It's clearly the only far fetched thing in any of of these movies.
1	Don't you get how totally the one butt joke ruined a serious movie about comical villain, exploding heads, super secret teenage spy academy and about 8 people maintaining a massive hangar full of super complicated military tech that probably mostly doesnt work anymore?
1	But they are classics!
1	The Marlins were also supposed to be an AL team, better pack up and go home I guess
1	Well obviously
1	yeah fuck Shawshank, the Green Mile, Stand By Me, Running Man, The Stand, IT, Carrie, and Missery he needs Kubrick to make any of his stories work on film
1	I was hoping it would be named Jack Reacheround.
1	The mini-series was closer to the book version and the best part is it even made sense.
1	Pulp Fiction, Shawshank Redemption, Forrest Gump. God, what a horrible year.
1	OH MY GOD SO COOOOL.
1	Yeah but where's Luke?
1	Um, it was a bit obvious to me. I mean, it's real right?
1	I'm sad, I expected to see Jar Jar
1	All of that footage was actually preshooted in the studio and the news were hacked so they put the preshooted footage instead of the real footage in. Also all of the supposed witnesses were hired actors and in fact there was nobody in the buildings during the demoliton. Wake up sheeple.
1	Yay, more people supporting the industry...
1	Nobody should bash you for not having good taste
1	I think they released 6 other movies. I'm not sure though
1	I know right, at least a better defined jaw!
1	Han Solo gently comforting Leia? Definitely a fan-made trailer.
1	But where is Jar-Jar Binks???
1	Luke is Kylo Ren confirmed
1	Time for a prequel or sequel or some other way to modernize and cash in on a classic.
1	It clearly states his name at the bottom of the poster.
1	Disney just needs to release three in the same year.
1	How dare you voice your opinion that is different from others! You need to be downvoted now!
1	No mate. Midi-Chlorians
1	No, no, he's not a racist, just a *race realist.*
1	Wow, what a creative, not overused joke!
1	You just committed the Dunning-Kruger fallacy!
1	Because I don't like it so that makes it generic
1	Hey did you know the whole plot is that the asteroid missed and humans and dinosaurs coexist?
1	So it is somewhat autobiographical?
1	WOW. An announcement to a movie Trailer. This is so exciting
1	I'm glad the trailer comes out right before the tickets go on sale, in case the new footage causes me to change my mind about seeing the movie.
1	It's an *event* that's different from other movie releases!
1	But aren't the male co-stars typically older?  They would have a lot more experience.
1	Oh gosh. I hope I'm not too late to jump on the anti Franco Rogen train! Shit, I can't remember if the circle jerk loves or hates Tommy. I'll just leave that out and echo whatever anyone with lots of upvotes has to say.
1	And his incredible French accent
1	Ratings are legal and binding!
1	Well maybe we shouldn't be using a WWE mid-carder's opinion on movies to begin with.
1	Man, the sequel was so much better than the original. I just can't watch the original anymore cuz the sequel does EVERYTHING better.
1	Makes sense. You hit the nail on the head with that one
1	Whoa man, no need to be such a SP.
1	Nah, socialised medicine is an Orwellian state system that let people like him and Stephen Hawking die
1	Yes, but by virtue of being a biopic, it automatically isn't deserving of Academy Awards.
1	No no, I watched the rest after the plane landed. Although there might be a part of me that wishes it hadn't.
1	Because a dark and gritty Batman movie isn't a one-hundred percent guaranteed box-office goldmine. That's why *Batman and Robin* bombed.
1	Well, to be fair, new trailers come out all the time so the answer could change from week to week.
1	Fucking hipster.
1	Another Austrian saves the day!
1	Ohh yeah, definitely not a coverup by NBC
1	Well that's the part that needs to be fixed.  Don't worry, I'm sure once the copyright expires on all those films they can be released in an open format.
1	Not true, there is like three positions for old businessmen a year.
1	Just like that front page video of the two dudes dying in a car is proof that men can't drive vehicles.
1	But hey. On the bright side, she doesn't have to be in resident evil movies anymore
1	Yeah, we need to work on a new fantastic 4 already
1	Came here to say Inception, beat me to it.
1	Ethan Hawke certainly does blow
1	Hey it worked in Moulin Rouge I mean why not rip it off right
1	Yes, because drugs are so accepted in foreign countries.  No way people are jailed or executed for drugs.
1	And the same can be said for video games based on movies.
1	Sweet, maybe we can get a new movie every year just like the games.
1	300?
1	God I hate when people try to solve the racism problem by focusing on race... it's like *we get it*, like stop shoving it down my throat alright!
1	Yeah, she is completely unbiased. She has zero interest in Steve Jobs being portrayed in positive light.
1	"you didn't like the ""bad boys"" theme? after all when you see a terminator movie you should hum the ""bad boys"" theme."
1	Yeah because a billionaire like Lex Luthor is going to waste his time looking at your emails and search history!
1	Well he pretty much confirmed honey I shrunk the grandkids
1	That's what all cavemen looked like, you uncultured swine.
1	And don't forget the 100% true phrase 'Money can't buy happiness'. Because sure I may not have any bills and enough money to buy anything I've ever dreamed of, living in a house with more rooms than I have fingers and toes, but don't you understand how hard my life is talking in a few interviews?!
1	Oh of course, you not understanding must mean it's nonsense
1	But Iraq and Syria don't! Or Europe! Or eastern Ukraine!
1	Have you not seen the end where the guy uses a chainsaw to cut his way out of a shark? What a performance on his part.
1	Dontcha' feel guilty for not agreeing with them?
1	he's a fucking jew. you leave him alone.
1	I'm shocked this is happening in Hollywood.
1	Nah man reddit is so sexist. I mean would you just look at this thread. Just look at the vote scores. I've never seen so many upvoted sexist comments before.
1	Sorry, didn't realize that was op's point.
1	"Put the ""fan-made"" part in the title, would ya... I wasted 4 secs of my life."
1	When will Neil DeGrasse Tyson stop hounding us with his movie reviews!
1	I thought Bugs Bunny made up the word Pacoima, along with Walla Walla and Albekoikey.
1	Well, at least there'll be some useful kindling for the upcoming winter.
1	Hey now! A man who dresses up in a bat costume to fight crime HAS to be deadly serious.
1	Village, verb: to not give a damn while living in a small town out in the rural country.
1	Cause people don't understand that michael gay only makes cgi shit shows. We need more practical effects like fury road.
1	Tell your bf if he won't watch it with you someone else will.
1	"Lemme tell ya, that spaghetti sure does look like it was prepared ""by a pro"" as the announcer says."
1	but transformers is literally the reason we aren't getting pacific rim 2!
1	But at least the rapping white kid was good
1	Wow, I would **never** have thought of it that way.
1	Did she do the painting with the dogs?
1	Probably because he misses Pesci
1	You will listen and believe! You will want to see her tits. You will obey the right answer
1	Right, because we're talking about the books in this *movie* subreddit and people typically think of the books when James Bond is mentioned
1	Right, similar to how it's pretty erroneous of BlackLivesMatter to label themselves with black people if they're so concerned with race relations.
1	Well, it wasn't a sequel in a well known franchise. Who the hell would want to see that?
1	What does he know? He's just falling for Russell's Oscar bait
1	Especially that dude who played Obi Wan. Never seen him before. Like wtf had he ever done. Am I right?
1	Haha exactly! Plus I can't downvote my friends shitty opinions.
1	Dear John, Channing Tatum, amazing performance.
1	Because all teens are grown up now
1	Uh oh! Somone isn't agreeing with the circle jerk! QUICK GUYS DOWNVOTE HIM!!
1	You mean Christoph Waltz play the same character in yet another movie???
1	What's the symbolism of this taking place in a graveyard for communist monuments? Seems too subtle for a James Bond movie
1	Wow,  thanks for the spoiler!
1	Parties are lame
1	Aww man I was hoping for nc-17
1	I think we should only have women protagonists in remakes of female films
1	Ya. Please don't overpay me to do a huge blockbuster, with tons of exposure, where for most of the movie I stand around and people pretend I'm in all the action scenes.
1	He was in, like, every scene.
1	That's a shame, I was hoping Ride Along would be great
1	Another super hero movie..yay.
1	Who is in the all black costume? is that Catwoman?
1	His name is Bucky
1	A trailer not revealing the entire plot of a movie? That's madness!
1	I heard he put on weight for the role
1	"Are you from Vancouver? :p ""I'm Canadian"" referencing cold weather."
1	So he just let nature do all the work? What a bum.
1	Nah, fuck your friends and your job and your house, just move you fucking pansy!
1	Running time: 738 min.
1	wow. didn't see that coming
1	Wait stop no come back
1	Yeah but at least that didn't have a retarded title
1	They gotta get the Asian guy calm down some more.
1	Sorry, no Oscar yet for him
1	It's OK because both Khans were cisgender scum.
1	The real question is why do you keep inviting people over and showing robocop to people?
1	Well we've all seen one image and several seconds of footage, so its clearly time to talk about how terrible she will be in the role.
1	Hey I'm not sensitive!!!!! How dare you think that!
1	No, you are completely wrong. Zoolander himself is a perfectly accurate portrayal of the white, cis-male: Dumb, ignorant of his white privilege, rich and powerful and also appropriating the culture of other people by sometimes wearing clothes which could be described as ethnic.
1	Yeah giving away his company and letting Star Wars evolve away from his vision and then donating all his earnings to charity really shows how he's never been humble.
1	No I needed to read this guys comment about his mini epiphany
1	Come on, we all know an extremely skinny actress can fulfill the role of a fit, maybe even muscular heroine! Just look at Street Fighter: The Legend of Chun-Li!
1	Can't tell if
1	You're obviously putting Armageddon in the fantastic category right?
1	Yeah. Those fucking Jews.
1	Thought it was VHS
1	GOLDENEYE was so campy
1	They made presales still completely optional? Oh no, games and movies are ruined!
1	Yep... that Han Solo origin film is really gonna distance this stuff from the OT.
1	Yeah, the minimum wage projector boy should tell a movie studio how to distribute their multi-hundred million dollar movie. They obviously have never thought about timing issues before this guy started crying.
1	You didn't have the 2000s classics like The Dark Knight, Whiplash, or Drive; that's why!
1	Yeah instead it's scored by that amateur, morricone.
1	Yeah, now we all know the truth of Lionsgates evil master plan. Thank you OP for liberating us
1	These ship thru my hub at least once a week to which I handle them with the up most care and concern.
1	it might mean that a large corporation get's less money though, which is way worse than violence
1	i will have my lightsaber ready to cut your fucking head off if something wrong.  it's not your fault but hey, you are there.   i can't cut off Disney's head can i?
1	So, not in a USB drive?
1	33 posts in 18 hours, and only 2 of them broke 75 points? I'm disappointed in you.
1	I probably should have labeled as
1	That woo! was weak, literally unwatchable
1	B-but they're a MOVIE company, and that guy wanted MOVIE stuff. What's so hard about that? FUCK the corporations, dude. They should be forced to cater to anyone who wants anything from them, no matter how trivial or misguided their request.
1	I'm sure this will be as *hilarious* as Anchorman 2.
1	What a shocking development. I did not see this coming at all.
1	Yeah just like he ruined The Martian
1	Castle.
1	It's okay, they're horror enthusiasts....that's qualification enough
1	It actually might be more of a plotline than a storyline
1	Memento, I don't know what I'd change, I just hope someone remakes it.
1	You're right though. Only a moron would think Y was a fucking vowel!!
1	Yeah, but you guys produced Von Trier who causes us enough headaches with ratings so I don't know that we want to use your system.
1	I don't know why people look at spoilers. I don't look at spoilers. I don't want to see anything more about this film until I'm in the seat at the theater. Isn't this comment interesting and useful? Don't you **care**?
1	Exactly...a touch-screen equivalent of clicking on a desktop window and moving it aside, bringing something else to the focal point of the user's field of vision. No computer user ever does that
1	You're gonna love Spectre then!
1	Oh yeah, definitely that one.
1	Fant4stic
1	"Cause it's the ""World"" Series"
1	Then the theaters will get called racist.
1	Yeah, James Cameron really ruined it.
1	So you're telling me that DC doesn't have any say over making Spider-Man R either?
1	Because we *all* know that 3D printers are incredibly time/money efficient, and well-suited to large-scale  production.
1	No shhhh, let them feel good about themselves. The only reason we didn't see the movie is because we hate Steve Jobs. It's definitely not because this doesn't look interesting at all or we just don't care about his life since we know his life story inside and out. It's all because he was mean and we're better than him.
1	No dide. Every movie has to be Citizen Kane or Casablanca. No fun movies are allowed you plebian.
1	Yeah because we all remember that shitstorm that rained down on us when Exodus came out a year ago. Aside from the dozens of other films of it's like.
1	"Deal. Though, I might not want to miss out on the inevitable ""Here's What We Know About The Force Awakens So Far"" piece"
1	Hollywood movies being unoriginal? Nahhhhhhh
1	No, no, no... Prometheus wasn't tied into the Alien franchise at all!  Not even a little!!
1	Yeah, I really need to know this.
1	Making a biopic of one of a person that brought back a company on the brink of disaster and made it the wealthiest company in the world while completely transforming the way we see technology is a bad idea, yes
1	Needs more marvel &amp; star wars
1	What about that anime Samurai 7, is it a ripoff of Seven Samurai?
1	It's set in Duluth Minnesota, actually. Misleading marketing.
1	This clearly needed a sequel
1	because....plotholes, and it sucked because it was stupid
1	He could support the fact that the main actor was black.
1	It's almost as if they were terminally ill when they watched it
1	I don't care how long it is, I will not watch this movie out of respect for our boys in blue.
1	Yeah but he would need a steam key to unlock that valuable digital loot yo
1	It probably got cut from the movie when they realized how bad the special effects were.
1	Well does anyone want my tickets I ain't watchin this crap anymore!
1	Hey guys we need to totally mark this as NSFW cause you know someone could use their imagination and a 5 second clip and have the entire movie ruined for them!!!!
1	I don't know how I've managed to live so long without them.
1	Didn't you just say it, **B**lack Mass
1	Thank you for accurately describing my opinions for me.  I would have had no idea what to think if not for preachy internet strangers!  Thank you!
1	And what about *Hitman At*
1	But she didn't make the MOST! Only then will there be true equality!
1	Wow look at all that cgi, it doesn't even look real.  Shit movie.
1	Yeah, and that movie was pretty much a flop.
1	Assassins creed will blow the cgi in it looks retarded
1	Yeah, and those movies sucked so bad no one every watched or liked them.
1	Force ghosts!
1	obviously boyhood! It took 12 years to make!
1	"Oh so this kid gets special treatment just because he's ""dying of cancer"" and ""in constant agony""?  News flash kid, we all got shit goin on."
1	Dude, don't you know? You're supposed to hate the Mad Hatter and Jar Jar. WE ALL hate the Mad Hatter and Jar Jar!!!!!
1	Why can't we get a REAL american?!
1	Ugh, haven't you been paying attention? The Force is made up of living creatures in your cells. Of course they sleep. Geez.
1	Don't worry, I'm sure someone out there will care, in a galaxy far, far, far, **far** away
1	Though I think she needs some chapstick by the poster
1	So we're in for two more films of shitty two-demensional characters, ludicrous storylines and rubbish CGI.................*I can't wait*
1	Hey, Hemsworth was to that point the star of probably the worst MCU movie and a red herring in a shitty ________ (vacation in this case) from Hell movie. So obviously he should be paid as much as a bankable star with an Oscar.
1	How about an evil *clone*?
1	Yeah, relating it to one of the most popular series in a generation is really good hurt its performance in the box office
1	Yeah, Men in Black II followed this formula and turned out great!
1	Wow, you clearly have seen the movie. That is exactly what the film is. Just the Ashton Kutcher movie with Michael Fassbender. It's not like it has a completely different method of telling the story or better writing or better acting. It's just the exact same movie. You are so right.
1	It's just one big computer
1	He should focus on getting rid of that pg-13 rating, it's probably eating into ticket sales - if they take out the gruesome off-screen deaths, it should be achievable.
1	"My dad never says bye he just says ""ok"" and hangs up. So this has always been immersive to me."
1	Oh and don't forget he's a holocaust survivor!! Cause that somehow excuses everything!!
1	Alien. Glad they stopped at Alien 3 and we could live our lives knowing they didn't ruin it anymore than they did with that train wreck.
1	"NO no, see it's a ""reboot""!  That's makes it new and fresh!  Just like when you reboot your computer to flush out all the bad crap!"
1	Thanks Obama
1	I find it very incredibly hard to believe that people have different opinions
1	You see, only the U. S. matters.
1	But what about Eragon, it was such a good movie.
1	Right? People who disagree with me deserve to be dead.
1	I think how to train your Dragon did it better
1	Well, that told me ever so much! YAY! I can't wait!
1	You mean they didn't cart in massive amounts of real gold for the movie?
1	Yeah cause there really needs to be more political dramas on tv.
1	Another classic from Uwe Boll, fantastic director.
1	You had to wait so long for the blood though!!!
1	Oh my god Shawshank Redemption and pulp fiction were made over a decade ago how do I answer this?!
1	Transformers^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
1	Yeah cause god forbid a normal person be excited for a movie. Must be a shill.
1	No but he will become a villain in the next expansion instead
1	Yeah I feel super triggered right now.
1	Wow.. he comes off as a really, really humble guy
1	It's just a sci-fi ripoff of Three Amigos.
1	Because it's not in Japanese, duh.
1	Maybe he's right and it's the general audiences who are wrong.
1	Nah, just another dog walker in his 40s.
1	I can already see the Oscar nominations.
1	Psh, I totally could've done better.
1	But it's animated, therefore it's for kids
1	yeah no one ever is. just ask Harrison Ford or Ewan Mcgregor or Mark Hammil. None of them are known for anything other than Star Wars.
1	You forgot the fact that he's the only one capable of saving us from disaster.
1	I still think [a short look at Luke's grizzled face should have been the last shot]
1	Yeah... because THOSE are Glenn Close's best known roles
1	Oh yeah a vague description if something from a third party is magnitudes better than seeing it in action. That's why we pay money to see films in theater rather than read the synopsis on Wikipedia.
1	Yeah unity was certainly well devolved.
1	Well there are 3 pictures actually, so I would say we have enough info to judge the movie.
1	They are projectionists after all.
1	I'm so glad this has become a thing. I look forward to seeing it in every star wars thread.
1	I don't see hin fitting Doctor Strange, but whatever maybe Howard duck will be good.
1	Yeah, its not like they're movies. They're just episodes and the season finale is Avengers.
1	Bernie Sanders 2016!!
1	Because no one ever expected that to happen.
1	will do, heard that before. but now i know who to downvote if its bad
1	30 fps, meh pass
1	Wait, is the writer/director of all the previous video game adapations making this one too? Damn, that dude sucks, he can't make a movie for shit.
1	I think you dropped this.
1	"Anything without ""bullet time"" and CGI is garbage."
1	Yeah, he destroyed his own AI prototypes, totally a villainous thing to do.
1	As Leo tipped his fedora into the abyss, he demonstrated male disposability, and chicks love male disposability.
1	You've heard about them? It's good to see underground talent like them getting more press.
1	So they get to go to space AND get a free movie? That's bullshit!
1	I thought Trading Places was just a comedy not a black comedy. I want a refund damn it.
1	BUT THE WHOLE PLOT IS A NEW HOPE CMON!
1	Remember all those great moments where Anakin acts stupid and Obi Wan acts annoyed? God, they had such a great friendship!
1	Declare war on it. It's working great for everything else.
1	Because we expected he wouldn't like it
1	According to people who defend piracy, this should significantly increase Hate Eight's box office by word of mouth publicity and whatnot.  Congratulations to Quentin Tarantino on this stroke of really, really good luck.  600K+ downloads!
1	Jackie Chan is in there 15 times or so. What an uncoordinated loser
1	This movie better be good.
1	THE ANCIENT FEAR
1	Yeah.  Cameron doesn't have a very  good track record with sequels.
1	What about Tusk? Surely that was a sign of a comeback, no??!!??
1	And they are both relates to mace windu right?
1	Except for a mountain of money.
1	But they had a movie
1	Yeah it's totally the studios fault if this looked and was ridiculous
1	The people that compile information for that site must be a blast at parties.
1	He would cut every time a space fight or lightsaber duel would start.
1	spOILER OMG
1	Fuck it, we're all only interested in $.
1	I'm no expert, but I think that dinosaur is shopped.
1	Spoilers
1	How can you say it's the worst when it is the same thing as the first one
1	You sure it wasn't The Shaggy Dog?
1	Where's the Mad Max one to Pitch Perfect?
1	Yes, ruining your career for a good movie would certainly make you feel much better
1	Shocking!
1	Don't worry man, TWOW will be out in 2016.
1	Everyone needs to enjoy movies the way I enjoy it. No exceptions!
1	The internet is not racist.
1	The internet is not racist.
1	Wtf I'm sure the people that said that don't watch any porn ever
1	Wow!
1	I hope it makes enough to warrant a sequel.
1	Your post needs more edge, and more spoilers..
1	Yeah, but are you high?
1	It's weird. People have such differing opinions. I just don't get it.
1	I can't wait to see Finn frozen in carbonite in 'First Order Strikes Once More'
1	Good thing that had that massive marketing campaign, otherwise no one would have gone.
1	You not listing a single one of them helps your argument a lot
1	And surely he did not get a single penny from Disney to say anything of the sort...
1	Holy shit spoilers
1	Spoilers bro
1	It came out five years ago, you know what that means, REBOOT!!!
1	This wasn't expected
1	yeah, the Rebels was way better!
1	This is another disney ploy!  Advertise Star Wars spoilers to make you see it faster to increase box office profits!
1	**No! Make it an all female cast!**
1	He was in movies recently?
1	Only the first two are worth loving...
1	If you have to watch a dub you're not a real fan
1	We don't consider it a good Diwali unless a family member lands in the hospital with at least 2nd degree burns.
1	Yeah, reboots suck...Fury Road was epic though and we can't wait to see the third iteration of Spider-Man!!!
1	"I know right?! It's almost like in the original trilogy they actually act like they're holding an extremely delicate weapon and treat it as so, almost like skilled swordsman dueling. So glad that they went more with the ""electro ballet"" style in the prequels where there's no stakes or drama at all because you never get the sense that these are two men actually trying to kill each other."
1	Nah, he lives in the eastern hemisphere and it's about to be midnight
1	A jew playing a catholic? Nice move Hollywood.
1	No man, jessica jones is completely unbelievable as a superhero.
1	Oh yeah, Star Wars is garbage. Stupid film industry.
1	Another movie about Kennedy? Yay
1	Didn't you get memo about [at all] muscular women being too manly and ugly, and no one wants to see that? Slim supermodel-ish looks is only option for female lead.
1	See how wrong he was? Sci-fi was doing great!
1	She is also fat and black so this makes the yelling twice as funny!
1	Where are the men? I want diversity!
1	I know everything about these characters and this story from this picture alone.
1	Right, because women in movies being anything other than a skinny sexbomb is just pandering.
1	Wtf is this shit. You're supposed to automatically know it's going to suck because it's a reboot, or has an all women's cast. Also isn't it obvious from this one still how the movie is going to play out. So predictable.
1	Lol.
1	*No you see if a person didn't like Interstellar, that means they're just too stupid to understand it. If you have a different opinion on movies, its because you like Transformers garbage like a pleb. You're not a* ***true FILM connoisseur*** *like me.*
1	You mean to tell me this is an actual teaser trailer and doesn't give the entire plot away? This is 2015, wtf?
1	Eh. Needs more Beastie Boys
1	This is the best idea ever.
1	Is he the woman in this one too?
1	Why would you do that when you can make money from the same one twice?
1	No, if you're a stripper you obviously have zero potential.
1	Women should learn to keep their mouths shut.
1	Well it took the Rogers 15+ years to think about it. Hopefully they do it in a more clever way.
1	He was upset that his character didn't get to personally blow up the mothership and mow down all of the aliens himself and add a custom rap song. [QT Movie The He Didn't Do Spoiler](#s Apparently the reason he passed down on Django unchained was because Django didn't get to kill Candy in the script. He thought he should be the one to do that because he was the star)
1	Pull the Ethernet cable before playing
1	Well I think you're a jerk and a poopie-head and I'm telling mom.
1	Its not made by the same guy from the originals, so honestly it doesn't really count.
1	You're right, they stole a ton of food because they were literally starving to death and not because they were greedy fucks.
1	Wow, so subtle
1	Part of me is genuinely surprised Jennifer Lawrence isn't on the poster.
1	Wow that's some great Photoshop!
1	How do you know??
1	I'm in just as long as they waste an hour rehashing an original story I have already seen.
1	Obviously, both forms of behaviour are equally atrocious.
1	Why is Obama watching movies when there are TERRORISTS COMING AFTER US!!! WORST PRESIDENT EVER
1	Not if he comes and takes over the country with those black helicopters first
1	Ah man, don't you get it? He's just a normal guy like everyone else. Even if he is a total fascist but don't focus on the facist part just the cool guy part because that's all there is left to like about him.
1	Yeah, that's why Francis Ford Coppola and Michael Cimino are in the game.
1	That's cause they haven't seen the other posters. Duh.
1	I'm disappointed there's no joke about dangerous animals yet myself
1	They're going the Blair Witch route.  You never see Godzilla the whole movie.  He's scarier that way.
1	SPOILERS DUDE!
1	Because, racist.
1	Maybe they decided it wasn't worth making a bad movie in exchange for lots of money.
1	Shhh, spoilers.
1	BUT ITS FANTASY IN SPACE,  NOT SCIFI!!!
1	No no, it's a *prequel* even though it adds nothing contextually and has the same plot and plot elements of its predecessor.
1	I wish you had given us a trigger warning with that post.
1	And Google and Reddit (admins/devs) and Twitter and Mozilla and any tech companies located in San Fran, Portland, Toronto, Quebec...not to mention the majority of colleges.  They are absolutely a small group with no power
1	It's offensive to me that they got a non male model (Ben stiller) to play a male model. It downplays the hardships male models have faced in society. I demand a safe space to watch the movie in where they replace all the actors with male models.
1	Thank god for reddit. I hadn't even heard anything about this and I wouldn't have known I was supposed to be outraged if it wasn't for this post. Now I'm definitely triggered and won't see this film.
1	I'm sure there's a trans? (I still don't know what they want) actor out there that's as good as Benedict.
1	Because the goofy throwaway scene at the end is the whole point of the movie.
1	Well we need these safe spaces right?
1	DELICIOUS MALE TEARS!!!
1	It's fucked up. They should've gotten a fat guy to play the tom cruise role. Why give skinny people roles that are meant for fat people. Also Tyler Perry has some explaining to do while I'm at it.
1	Finkle/Einhorn
1	So, what you're telling me is, Agent Cody Banks was the better movie.
1	Director/Actor was too inexperienced
1	Wait, really? I need to rewatch.
1	Too much HDR.
1	Great music choice guys
1	yay more wire-fu
1	It was sequel fuel for the New Testament movie that never happened.
1	thats why i root for japan against the whales
1	well, that just means that *there definitely WILL be several post credit scenes! YAY*.
1	Literately Hitler for having a different opinion!
1	Everyone is talking about those two huge movies going head to head, but I bet that Pusha T short film will destroy both of those.
1	I'm shocked
1	*But Star Trek and Into Darkness were both good!*
1	Yeah fuck Lucas. He deserves what he got.
1	"What else could he have said?  ""I watched it and it was shit!"""
1	Exactly, you got my point completely.
1	A Redditor giving athest-centric armchair advice to someone they don't know who's situation they know nothing about? What a surprise
1	Mothra would never attack earth. Step your Godzilla knowledge game up.
1	Yep,  all those recent movies from the past 15+ years sure are showing old people in a cool light.  No movie made before the 21st century ever had someone over the age of 50 at all,  ever.
1	Yes. Right on the money.
1	A non BJM Cameron Diaz movie being awful? I'm shocked
1	Oh you saw the movie already?  What's it like?
1	When making this I knew I had to match the tone of the film or it wouldn't work
1	Yeah, we'd never have guessed what was going to happen.
1	That trailer was the definition of restraint
1	Amazing how they can squeeze two and a half hours into a three minute trailer!
1	"Mr. Freeze... ""Stay cool!"""
1	OooooOOooOoOoo national board of review. Sounds serious
1	Nothing captures the magic of seeing a movie in theaters like sitting next to some random dipshit slopping down greasy chinese food throughout the whole thing.
1	Yeah but did those movies have pointless characters with flames shooting out of their guitars?
1	Am I the only one who liked The Dark Knight Rises?
1	oh but let's not forget that the film was already ruined because the script was leaked.
1	See: attack of the clones.
1	Wait a second.  Are you telling me that Star Wars is popular?  I had no idea.
1	Yeah but he saved that one family that we got 30 seconds of screen time with!
1	Oh, nevermind then. Fuck this. Star Wars all the way.
1	A WHITE MAN WON?!  BOYCOTTTTTTTT
1	Gravity was filmed entirely in outer space!
1	Man, The Big Short was trash. We all knew the global financial crisis was coming, and it took like 2 hours to happen. Didn't even have any twists or anything
1	God Damn man you're funny as hell. No
1	But they have beauty contests
1	Ur fucking retarded, 4K is the best and you can notice it miles away.  You should definitely pay $$$ for the amazing difference. I'll never watch another movie in 1080pieceofshit ever again.
1	and I think we are all richer for it because what a work of art that documentary is
1	so 38 years
1	TIL he had a sun named old Nanny.
1	Ah man, spoilers
1	Did you know she was actually 230 pounds and wore plus size dresses?  Today's beauty standards have become so distorted.
1	"""Bruh if you're not having sex weekly by the time you hit 15, you're basically a wizard."""
1	And they say germans have a bad sense of humor, I for one don't see it
1	Yea! Star Wars and J.J. Recycle Abrams can't do no wrong! Yea!
1	ONLY 40M!?!?! what a wanker
1	Good job guessing my diet
1	What a subtle change you've made to the article's title, OP. Good job!
1	This is BS. Leo didn't even have the commitment in this movie to have a real bear attack him. This is why after all these years, he still has no gold to show for it.
1	Next thing you know someone will want to remake Psycho!
1	Wow, listening to them describe his work ethic is like hearing anyone from the NFL talk about the next up and coming quarterback. He must have learned that discipline on the sets of Point Break and The Replacements.
1	Freaking spoilers in the lenticular.
1	Woo-hoo this is so refreshing we something new to talk about on reddit
1	It's a sequel to reboot the franchise.
1	Probably just cloudflare caching an old version.
1	And John beat the shit out of her like they were married
1	No dude. They needed to have a scene showing han sedating and securely placing the monsters in the cage for context. then him going on a pre flight checklist
1	Well I'm sure WB are crying into their pillows. How will they survive in the box office
1	LOL, only whites......only whites....
1	a harry potter block buster. oscar bait if I've ever seen one.
1	Should have definitely gone George of the Jungle route with the gorillas
1	Oh, yeah. It's fake. It's a short piece of film fiction. It's not a documentary.
1	Woah. Is this the IMDB description for Raid 2?
1	Sam Jackson *and* Christoph Waltz? Is this a Tarantino movie?
1	Yeah, that's what we need, more movies with cgi apes.
1	pleb
1	What do you mean it's directors fault the videogame movies fail, Uwe Boll is an amazing director!
1	Only 77:1 KD ratio?  What a causal, do you even lift?
1	"I know, it took some silly blind feud in order to push Shawshank Redemption as it's rightful place as Greatest Movie of All Time and that WEAKLING ""The God(this movie sucks)Father"" away."
1	I don't know, Dali might be worse than Goya and all, but I'm partial to cave paintings. The guys were complete innovators and I don't think we give them enough credit. Those are definitely the best pieces of art in all of history.
1	SPOILERS MAN COME ON
1	Which explains why white people dominate Latin American media.
1	There was a KKK scene in O Brother, Where Art Thou?, so that means the Coen Brothers must be racists!!
1	Pol Pot had some good ideas about idyllic countryside life as well, maybe someone should make a positive movie about him.
1	Yeah, but not a 1/3 that matters lol
1	Silly brosis. Reagan toppled the Soviet Union all by himself!
1	You're right, Tarantino is basically Michael Bay in terms of Oscar consideration.
1	white guy, clearly just got nominated because of the color of his skin and not his talent.
1	Shush, don't you know? White folks are letting people know that asians are apparently really racist, so racist that F7 was one of the biggest movies in chinese history
1	After all they were Poland's brothers and greatest allies. Everything they did was in Poland's best interest
1	Thats a good one bro,  really got me laughing
1	So instead of having boring loaded questions you get backstabbing self promoting opportunists... Much better
1	\#CommentSoWhite
1	Make fun of lady gaga and bison liver? There goes the Oscar chances
1	Well yeah, I'ma do ME, you do YOU.
1	No no.  He was nominated because he is white.  Didn't you read the other comments?
1	Cause pointing out common tropes means you've been triggered.
1	Yeah you seem super non-judgemental.
1	George Miller peaked with Mad Max a few decades ago too. Not relevant at all anymore.
1	but The Winter Soldier was a deep political thriller! didn't you hear?
1	As a black man, let me quote the web dictionary definition of racism to tell you why you are dumb.
1	Good. This subreddit needs something to bitch about.
1	As a Mexican American I like this quota thing. We only have a couple of actors in the US market. I would love to give them awards just for doing their job and not being the best.
1	I heard Jennifer Lawrence passed on it to work on the latest David O. Russell project.
1	Oh boo hoo, will nobody think of the poor, oppressed white people?  We just have it so hard nowadays.
1	Man that's impossible. They speak Spanish so they can't be white!
1	For a specific set of years, the Academy wasn't insanely racist. Open and shut case that there's no need for additional diversity.
1	I'm sure that's the same attitude you have towards the boycotters.
1	Yep. Tons of white women getting nominated for Oscars in categories not designated for women.
1	I hate when the VHS version is released before the bluray
1	Michael Bay?
1	Blue is the Warmest Color
1	You clearly know exactly what you're talking about.
1	next you'll be telling me that Asian Lives Matter.
1	That's what I'm talking about!
1	Rated R? This is a comedy. It has a cat in it. It should be PG-13. Think of the kids!
1	"""No cats were harmed in the making of this film. They both died instantly."""
1	Or enforce quotas like in other industries. 50% of nominations go to minorities. This will be nice and fair.
1	Yeah, this sub has no problem with racism
1	Mexican =/= Black so its still racist
1	This is only getting downvoted, I wonder why?
1	Yeah, I feel so bad for a rich, famous actor who's going to receive a prestigious award for his work. I'm sure a small vocal minority hating him on social media is really going to bum him out.
1	I guess those Hispanic-Americans really need to step up their acting game.
1	Up in the Air came out in 2009.
1	Yay, we get to see Uncle Ben die again!
1	ya 2 years wow, why couldnt they churn one each year like normal movies
1	Open world borders would eliminate immigration !
1	Weird how sometimes films are regarded slightly better than other films
1	Right, it's so dumb. There is no such thing as Natural law. You have to follow the rules of whoever conquers you as long as enough people agree.. I'm surprised not many people realize this. We have no rights natural rights anymore. You're not free to travel wherever or stay wherever you please.
1	OSCAR FOR WILL SMITH YOU BUNCH OF RACISTS
1	How long till someone will cut this like the Star Wars trailer because, ya know, that is the only way trailers should be ever be done, ever, ever.
1	What? Emma Stone's doing just fine.
1	no no no, clearly its because they're black and the Academy is racist
1	blasphemy!
1	groot?
1	Yeah, right, I guess we need to racially discriminate against whites then
1	Wow you already saw it?! Tell me all about it!
1	Man, you sound like someone I'd want to hang out with in my spare time.
1	Ya hello. You new here?
1	We need Earth's greatest heroes to band together to make witty puns for 2 hours!
1	Can' wait for this.
1	No, women aren't funny. Especially if they are unattractive.
1	"""A black man's got no place in a white man's ~~army~~ film industry."""
1	Think of the poor white people who might not get an award next year. That's the true tragedy here.
1	The logo is too fat
1	But will no one think of the poor oppressed white people??
1	We need quotas for black nominations
1	Your logic made me chuckle... Bravo sir bravo. He's just not a good director or story teller. He did the Mycareer story line for NBA 2k16 and it was horrible. I.E. You have a knuckle head for a best friend who's always getting into trouble, I bet he lives a long a fulfilled life.
1	Cool the Oscars have a black friend! Having a black friend doesn't make them racist at all.
1	Wait, reddit is ***racist?***
1	No, I wrote Spike Jonze originally, when I meant Spike Lee. It's easy to mix them up cause they're both black
1	I'm sure black people all around the country are devastated about that fact.
1	Hey I'll have you know that theres like two black people in my neighborhood, so I'm free to say whatever I want.
1	Yeah tell me about it iron man 2 was the worst
1	Cause of the Jew thing, right?  that's the difference here, isnt it?
1	Tsk tsk, proving that starring in those *Kick-Ass* films left permanent damage on her psyche.
1	28 minutes? That data seems so accurate though.
1	and only took 21 days to film!
1	Oh yeah, that works. Definitely sacrificing quality, though....we should start a band!
1	"Maybe because they're bad people as opposed to good, thus they're ""Badfellas""?"
1	Spoilers jeez!
1	Agreed, movies like Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, Inception, The Usual Suspects and The Matrix were all incoherent messes, there's no possible way they were gonna turn out well.
1	Don't forget Lucy's vagina!
1	I mean i totally love it when i wait months even years for a movie to come out, and someone ruins it in less than a minute.
1	Wow 60 movies.
1	"Without any of that pesky ""motion"" stuff to distract you."
1	I'm sure the culture that played soccer with human heads and cut out the hearts of children were not all that aggressive.
1	Michael Maybe-I-don't-have-enough-explosions Bay? I'm surprised
1	Michael Bay? Inaccurate? No way!
1	I like how you read the review within a minute.
1	So true, like hadyen christiansen and little anakin.  They rocked
1	If they follow the game release schedule.
1	We've already seen all of Batman v Superman in the trailer, right guys?
1	That does not look like a multicultural crew of various faiths and religions
1	They hit an average of 1 a day. They're best year yet.
1	Wow, this movie is gonna SUCK based on this picture!
1	But if you listen to this you'll know the whole movie!
1	The 3 sentence plot summary that summed up what was in the trailer. Yes. You might as well not even see the whole 2 hour movie now.
1	That was my though. NAACP hating on anyone that's not black.
1	I feel like I've seen a whole minute of the movie. Now how will I be able to enjoy it?
1	No they're totally right, Kevin Hart should have been nominated for best supporting actor in Get Hard. They robbed him off his nomination!
1	Michael Jordan in *Creed*
1	Yeah, you're right. Damon wouldn't have been able to pull off screaming, grunting, and clenching teeth as well as DiCaprio.
1	Yeah Chekhov was a horrible choice.
1	That is exactly what LurkerNation is suggesting. Geez. Follow the damn law!
1	Well apparently, I'm not allowed to have this opinion (see those downvotes?). It was such a wonderfully entertaining plot, Gyllenhaal was a perfect villain, and from beginning to end I was on the edge of my seat!
1	"What about the ""Ridiculous 6"" snub?!?"
1	And you can't forget *World War Z*
1	cuz its hip brah
1	Yeah if we don't talk about the leaky roof it will probably stop leaking. Good point!
1	Why would redskins hate Cowboys? Is that a new rivalry?
1	You'll be playing some meaningful games next January when Johnny Football comes to save Dallas!
1	They just jump really high
1	DUDE! Spoilers how some compassion!
1	But NOOOOOO that wasn't the point of the movie!
1	We all know Golden Globes are real awards
1	Spoilers!
1	Just like the comics!
1	I mean, yeah. It's always Reddit. It's always us. If you disagree, get the fuck out of here because I am trying to (circle)jerk myself off here.
1	I'm sure he wasn't pampered.
1	What's the point of a movie if it doesn't have 4 sequels, a spin-off, and a series on Netflix?
1	Yeah, I forgot that life was in black and white before the 1950s
1	That's some quality CGI right there!
1	You know what we need? More Batman V Superman tv spots. Just to balance it all out.
1	Oh no no no, you definitely need a penis to enjoy that.
1	This totally wont feel like the character overload in Mortal Kombat Annihilation.
1	There's a Sarah Jessica Parker autobiography???
1	Clearly he could only do a good job roasting if he was an amateur
1	I'm getting this strange feeling that the Martian wasn't a comedy. I wonder if people on Reddit noticed. I doubt anyone else has the same biting witicisms.
1	The Martian surely was a hilarious romp, amirite!!??
1	Yeah...let's make sure no one hurts the anti-semite's feelings.
1	Then she'll get the EGGGOT.
1	I agree, it's idiotic. But he did it off camera to keep the black man down.
1	This so hilarious
1	Because this movie is what the world needs right now.
1	Sound Oscar worthy.
1	You mean you don't enjoy seeing Sam Jackson spending minutes walking forwards a few paces, then backwards, then laying down his guns, then walking forward again, with his hands above his hat? Or Kurt Russell spending half a minute fumbling for reading glasses? Or people spending minutes struggling to hammer boards onto a door on three separate occasions?
1	Yeah!  How come there aren't more movies about IT guys? Or my neighbor Dan.  He's an electrician and his life sounds super fascinating!  C'mon Hollywood, we want the real shit!
1	How very witty
1	"The whole time I was watching him crawl around in the snow I was thinking. ""Wow this is JUST like the time when he impersonated the airplane pilot in Catch Me If You Can"" and halfway through I thought ""this performance is like a reskin of Jay Gatsby"""
1	I don't like sand.
1	no it's Alex Rolt
1	BUT THEY DESTROYED A DEATH STAR ITS THE SAAMMEE MOVIE NNUURR HURRR
1	So have the climax of another Star Wars film to be yet another Death Star. Good idea.
1	I'm looking forward to the prequels explaining the missing 30 years and why kylo ren turned
1	Yeah man, totally inconsequential, or so Plinkett told me in his review!
1	You're obviously just a narcissistic contrarian.
1	Yeah.  I LOVE trying not to cry my eyes out in public.
1	Well, how many CGI prairie dogs and monkeys does Temple of Doom have? Oh, what's that, **ZERO?** CHECKMATE, TEMPLE OF DOOM!
1	I wasn't aware that Aliens were behind the American Revolution.
1	Well, remember that George did let young Anakin show up as a ghost... So why not let Obi-wan have some more hair?
1	Pfft, what has he done in the last 8 months!! Clearly a slacker.
1	I've been dying to know how the theatre company plot will resolve!
1	Yeah! we're totally entitled to free content!
1	Only cost 4 billion for the rights to make it
1	Huh never thought about it that way , thanks
1	"""George Lucas ruined Star Wars"""
1	Yeah when's the last time a comic book movie did well in theaters?
1	yeah **FINALLY**.  We've all been on pins and needles waiting for this
1	That old has-been? He's lucky he got name dropped by Ke$ha and Maroon 5, otherwise nobody would have even heard of him.
1	That was him, one of the only times he allowed us to film him.
1	What took so long?
1	Because obviously that movie was sooooo much more popular and memorable.
1	She fell off a cliff and died on impact
1	Next to all the other movies is a slot for his 11th
1	What are you talking about, you got paid in experience bro. It'll get your name out there
1	Let me ask my Belarusian fiance
1	Because diamonds create a yellow glow in large quantities
1	You're just not smart enough! You don't get art!
1	oh c'mon - Padme shared her feeling she wanted to be held, like she was on Naboo!
1	Ah, yes. The prequels show that his reinventing the concept of visual effects made him a truly great director.
1	poor star wars. It didn't break records in every country on this planet. How on earth are they going to afford to keep on?
1	DAE not get the plot?! Totally not scary, not even one cheap jump scare!
1	Such a typecast.
1	Camp Rock 2
1	Oh yeah - Buffy, Willow, Spike, Angel, Cordelia, Wesley, Gunn, Topher, Echo, Ballard, River, Simon totally didn't go through character growth
1	Oh yeah I forgot to be pedantic
1	Lets all downvote you for having a different opinion!
1	Inception is really complicated.
1	how *dare* you! I'll have you know, my banana soup is fucking epic, and if you don't agree with me, you can fuck right off!
1	I disagree. Here, have a downvote
1	Chris Pratt
1	Because he can't tell what sequel it is. Utter shambles
1	Yup. The second time really made me enjoy it that much more.
1	That's a solid argument you've got there.
1	What these two guys came up with the entire idea of the 70's B movie camp style. Whoa...
1	It's like you know me so well
1	Is there anything Nick Saban can't do?
1	Why would thanking people that pay money to see their movies at the event when most of them are almost guaranteed to be watching. That wouldn't make any sense.
1	That wall can't come soon enough.
1	I am white and I feel offended
1	Wow did you call a black guy saying racist things racist? That's racist bro, check your privilege.
1	But when will white, Jewish males have a shot at winning an Oscar?
1	You're right, Matt is such a gay name.
1	I didn't see the movie but I could tell he was shit
1	Yeah, because that's totally relevant.
1	Black people are entitled to have black Oscar nominees every year, and if they don't, then obviously it's racism. The only reason the guy who played Ice Cube in Straight Outta Compton wasn't nominated for an Oscar is because of racism.
1	AH yes, Bernie, the guy that can't even manage his own finances and hasn't done anything of note his entire 30 years as a senator. What a great President he will make.
1	Concussion, best picture
1	Because they needed to crown the first gay Oscar winner
1	You think the big banks are bad? Wait until you see what racist, black-hating industry Bernie is funded by! That's why he does so poorly with the black voters.
1	Yeah, what's wrong with these idiots? They need to learn how to enjoy movies exactly like you do. You're way is the right way to enjoy something, their way is wrong.
1	They look for all the white actors and pick from there?
1	Oh wow! I'm so shocked!
1	Sorry, it's surely as bad to try to represent minorities at a reasonable ratio as it is to simply ignore the problem and hope it goes away. Good point. The best way to fix racism is to stop talking about racism.
1	Way to go Redditors! Making a really truly important moment in the world the highest rated post of all time!
1	#oscarsowhite
1	Call me when he wins a Grammy.
1	lol he thinks global warming is real.
1	Surprise surprise, a drama wins the oscar for best picture
1	Why doesn't Leo have 2 oscars this is ridiculous!
1	Movie night, where is the sweet bread?
1	Yeah that takes a lot of bravery!
1	Wait what Sam smith is gay? Guys stop hating!!
1	Wait... Sam Smith is gay?
1	Sam Smith is gay? I would have never known
1	#talent
1	HERE'S BEEN UP THERE TOO LONG PLAY THE MUSIC lol
1	The Oscars thread next year will be so much better when it's full of black nominations
1	But the men were in back. This is Tumblrs fault!
1	Ugh I hate it when Academy addresses real life issues when they have so many viewers
1	Most redditors usually only care about social injustices if it's against white males. Anyone talking about any other issue is a SJW.
1	Of course no African movies, shocking!
1	But the Oscar President is black, so obviously they can't be racist!!!
1	Life was so much better when we didn't talk about these subjects.
1	Groul is signing *black*bird??!!?? #OscarSoRacist
1	"they even picked a tribute song with the word ""black"" in it"
1	No, we want more awards for Mad Max. No one cares about race, stop talking about it and racism will just disappear because Louis C.K, Morgan Freeman and Victoria said so.
1	Stop awarding Oscars based on merit. Implement quotas now.
1	Yeah but they're not actors so none of them matter.
1	Oh yes I'm sure you're the only one.
1	Remember kids, it's okay to be racist against Asian people since they never get mad about it!
1	Asian kids joke haha so funny and shocking
1	Talking politics? Here's your music cut.
1	Mark Rylance didn't even talk about diversity. Shame on him. It's only a great time for WHITE actors.
1	If you were that easily changed, i have a surprise for you...
1	Woah won't he take the Oscar and run?
1	Hey guys, I was living under a rock this year. Is there some sort of lack of diversity in the Oscars?
1	It's only underrepresenting when the minority is big enough
1	But he's Canadian, where are the African AMERICANS?
1	Ha, good one!
1	It's art.  He's an artist.
1	The Weeknd better nail this.  It'll be hard to top Sam Smith tonight.
1	good job on updating this thread
1	WTF THEY JUST SPOILED STAR WARS FUCK THE ACADEMY!!!
1	what do you mean? Black people are the only minority we are allowed to talk about!
1	What do you mean you people?!
1	Damn liberal media.
1	Wow. How dare you?!? You racist bruh?
1	Sings like a black guy thats racis
1	This skit is great.
1	Sure, because I have made one comment?  Yep, makes sense, you are correct, I do like beating a dead horse.  You found me out, glad you were persistent.
1	I think they should do a re-boot of Fantastic Four, like this year. It would be totally original this time.
1	You're right. Nobody cared about Spiderman, Spiderman 2, Batman Begins, The Dark Knight, and the first three X-Men movies.
1	Wow, all that destruction in Metropolis!  Don't these hacks know Superman would never allow that?
1	How about that cgi Falcon monster action sequence tho?
1	Oh no! Gay people exist! Being exposed to anyone not like me is crippling!
1	r/movies is always right!
1	Yeah 2015 was great, nobody died or anything.
1	Maybe they should just shoot everything on green screens.
1	No curse, just sexism.  Winners being oppressed for winning.
1	fucking moron
1	Someone is forgetting their mid 80s, Stephen King-directed horror flicks! Yeardley Smith was in the box office smash Maximum Overdrive. She was brilliant!
1	Homophobic? I am not afraid to fight 'em!
1	You didn't like Alien 3?
1	Well, you see, there's a YUUUUGE jump in maturity between 13 and 14, therefore TV-14 is far more permissive than PG-13, it's just common sense really.
1	Well when you're as smart as me you don't have time for jokes
1	The Usual Suspects
1	Wow. That's SO rated R.
1	Dude. Spoilers.
1	But you can't spell cRAP without RAP! Lil Gayne is the worst!
1	This guys an idiot he shat on Reeves
1	Because Reddit is just one person
1	I bet he's a commie, too.
1	Yeah, us white people should teach black people how to deal with racism
1	I was arguing the same thing the other day.. Like why can't Adam West be Batman in Superman V Batman. I mean, it'll have more an impact.
1	Dae hate this cause it's not like the comic book?
1	BETTER CAST DONALD GLOVER AS THE NEW SPIDER-MAN OR YOURE RACIST!!! BETTER SHOEHORN IN A BLACK DEADSHOT OR YOURE RACIST!! BETTER MAKE THIS STORM TROOPER BLACK OR YOUR RACIST. BETTER MAKE AQUAMAN SAMOAN OR YOURE RACIST.
1	They are journalists! Their job is to write, not know shit.
1	*Years from now, people will look back and see that Deadpool (1994) was the first R rated movie and ushered in the golden era of film*
1	But those 3 minute trailers have shown the whole film and its crap
1	"That's cuz it's also ""Dawn of Justice."" It'll be two films in one. What a bargain!"
1	Ya, I'm sure that's what the director was going for
1	You forgot 2012: Daniel Day-Lewis - Lincoln - Marfan Syndrome
1	Yea totally! Matthew McConaughey was a fucking awful actor in Dallas Buyers Club because he did so many romantic comedies before. He just played the same role so many times and now I'm suppose to respect him because he took on more serious roles. If you think people can improve on a craft they developed you're just as simple minded as everyone else. True artist are born with it and don't need to be established before their ultimate master piece.
1	HOLY FUCK YOU'VE SEEN IT ???
1	"Ugh. Time for you to read ""Who Moved My Cheese?"""
1	I call bullshit, you could only possibly have 10% of your brain interested at a time.
1	You mean you didn't like that ending?
1	Pfft, whatever. You just didn't understand it!
1	"I dunno. Think they may've already done that with ""Spectre."""
1	Of course not, how would I know anything about growing up around young Maori kids.
1	If only I had $45.
1	I can't even fap to Emma Watson while watching *Deathly Hallows* any more after hearing this news. #thisiswhyweneedmeninism
1	Shhhh, we don't care about those, because CGI ruins everything!
1	Is that Bernie Sanders in the thumbnail?
1	"What do you mean ""will be""? We've all seen the whole movie in the trailer already!"
1	You mean it'll go against Ride Along 3? Good luck with that.
1	Well his Star Wars scores are utter shit to start off with
1	Hey, here's hoping they can get the same dialect coach for her that they had for SLJ!
1	Way to blow the lid on the plot. I totally didn't know Samuel L. Was going to end up the villain in the first one.
1	Buh-buh-but the EU says he was!
1	Well, we do know as a fact that straight white western dudes are suffering the most in media and have nothing going for them.
1	Release your enquiry paper now!!
1	Yeah, it really bombed!
1	Yeah,  it's way cooler when everyone acts like cool,  unthinking,  kungfu robots during fights,  like the matrix!
1	i dunno, kurt russell would've made a pretty good ultimate nick fury too.
1	Can Reddit do something nice?
1	Michael Caine playing the old father-like figure in five Christopher films (TDK trilogy, Interstellar, Inception)?
1	Because her boobs are the only reason to watch that incredible movie
1	Can't wait for them to have two lines and not be important to the story at all
1	Yeah being 14 is really hard sometimes
1	Oh, sorry or thinking something, The fucking cheek of me. I just thought the general public would know about the three time Oscar nominated actress who has been in many high profile films
1	Yes, yes tell us more about these flaws. I have not heard of such sentiments on Reddit.
1	Can't have a movie we can only screen 4 times a day gotta get at least 6 showings in for max profits.
1	Maybe we'll finally get the ultra violent Green Lantern sequel we've been waiting for.
1	I'm appalled at this. How dare Columbia pictures drop this on me without giving me a teaser for the teaser of the first trailer!
1	Oh, so now you're saying we all look the same?
1	I don't know, I think his role as the lawyer in Shaggy Dog was way more iconic than Iron Man.
1	But it's an R rated superhero movie, how could it not be good?
1	He's hoping the big Hollywood suits would see this. I heard they come here all the time.
1	you got a problem with a bunch of friends holding hands?
1	Wow, I think you're the first person to post this today.
1	It also spoiled the entire plot of the movie, right?
1	I just want to see a sequel so I can find out if my crazy fan theory that Sinestro will turn evil turns out to be accurate.
1	Spawn from soul calibre? That's so randon that he's getting a movie.
1	Convincing argument
1	Happy Valentine's Day!
1	yeah, how dare he die
1	Life of Pi?
1	Firefly is still going strong then?
1	So? Are you prejudiced against us overweight ppl? That's racist!
1	I can't believe how little exposure it gets. Sure,  the cast list isn't too impressive, but it comes out as a pretty good movie. 7/10
1	I don't understand. I thought all the hype was only on reddit and no one but reddit saw and understood the clever marketing?
1	Don't besmirch Star Lord like that. He goes to hospitals to cheer up sick kids and is a Hollywood actor while you just sit at home and eat Cheetos and type on Reddit. When have you done anything good for anybody? Never. So, before you criticize one of the Guardians of the Galaxy, maybe think about what you can do to make a big impact on the world other than your computer chair or when you fall down (because, unlike Star Lord, you are not in peek physical shape).
1	as a straight man I am totally blind to how attractive men are, they all look identical to me
1	But Zoolander!
1	Well that was just to further Matthew Vaughn's sexist, racist agenda
1	great
1	Yes, Ryan Reynolds greelit, produced, wrote, and directed Green Lantern so he had to make Deadpool to make up for it.
1	Godfather part 1 when Sonny beats up Carlo.
1	In empire strikes back I didn't like the plot hole where Luke decides to leave training early to go save his friends
1	Nah we gotta make it dark, gritty, and realistic. Forget making it like a comic book
1	No I don't like it!
1	So glad to see it's still cool to demonize albinos and to keep using them as villains, dehumanizing them, because in real life they are always treated so nicely by everyone.
1	Should just make the last to almost the exact same as the old ones.
1	And so the white genocide continues.
1	Ending shot of a new, and improved Starkiller base being built. I'm calling it.
1	jeez took em long enough
1	Cause that's what I said
1	"Morn? You must be a ""moran""."
1	...Username checks out
1	Really hope they follow the narrative of the comics, and don't throw away all of the expanded sonic universe.
1	Stories about government conpsiracy, secret societies, and virtual reality? Those are literally the most unpopular things that no one likes
1	Thanks for participating.
1	Think the highest rating I've given a movie is 7/10
1	100% true, you fucking idiot
1	You mean a movie that only has appeal to a very small subset of the population did poorly at the theatres?!  How could this be?!
1	Not the real Goku? I thought Justin Chatwin's portrayal was the definitive real Goku.
1	oh my gosh a movie took inspiration from a different property, get your pitchforks!!!!!! How dare they do such a thing?????
1	That's like forever away! Should be great to compare the two movies like Olympus has Fallen and White House Down.
1	You picked such a great scene to use to argue against the fact that TMNT has bad cinematography
1	Um, this has nothing to do with the superbowl.  Should it be allowed on reddit ??
1	Wow, he has the respect of YMS!? That's validation enough right there!
1	He's SO much more sophisticated and cultured than I....He only laughs at what everyone else doesn't!  His genius is beyond us lowly fools....big ol slash
1	Wait, they did a 7th one?
1	Thanks alot *Bin Laden*
1	Right
1	No Clerks II or III? Oh no!
1	No don't you understand? That guy said that it sucks, so that means it sucks. We're not allowed to like it.
1	Yeah, I'm sure Harrison Ford and JJ Abrams are going to allow themselves to get screwed.
1	Loved him as Rhino
1	I guess it's not like there's a Star Wars movie coming out this year or anything.
1	Oh, no! A difference of opinion! That *never* happens with critics
1	She's an attractive woman, therefore she *must* not be as able as her fellows in the field.
1	A 145 year old guitar that existed all the way till now and was smashed in a blockbuster movie? Definitely better. It was just sitting in the museum, unplayed for how many years?  Now you have it in multiple pieces for multiple museums to display that now has an oscar winning producer to futher its greatness? I dont see whats up everyones butts
1	Because as we all know, American cartoons should only exist to sell toys.
1	Well they can rest easy knowing that its destruction was properly immortalized on 70mm ultra Panavision in one long glorious take.
1	Yeah, it was such a snub when *Godfather Pt. II* won Best Picture.
1	Concussion didn't male the list? Wow, that's racist!
1	More air pollution equates to less auditory capabilities. China has more deaf people per capita than any place in the world
1	I don't know, the joke at 1:42 had me in *stitches!*
1	Because Aladdin and Cinderella totally needed to be made into trilogies
1	*slow clap*
1	He is just getting industry standard.  Don't ask so many questions and get back to work.
1	Only smart people vote democrat
1	"Pretty sure the only acceptable politics on reddit is the """"economic migrant"""" problem"
1	Sort the sake of humankind, I am really hoping this is
1	No better place to start than a 7.5-hour Hungarian movie in black and white!
1	Production images are all we need duh
1	Nope, if this movie is bad all copies of the original Ghostbusters movies will cease working, somehow.
1	"T-shirt slogan ""Show You're Titular!"" or should it be ""Show Your Titulars!"""
1	Can't wait to see the space gun shaped like dick
1	Wow it looks hilarious.
1	Oh great another global warming movie
1	I'm sure this won't be overly preachy...
1	Yeah I have no respect for any actor that plays any role of someone who isn't squeaky clean and has any flaws
1	Thought his acting debut was in the last season of Game of Thrones
1	Perfect. People love AGW films.
1	Oh yes, because David Deutsch said it, that means it must be a fact, therefore all hostile alien movie premises are invalid.   I assume he has *proved* this?
1	Yeah, it's like how they cast that Mark Ruffalo dude to play The Hulk. Like, really? He's so puny! Why would they mocap such a puny dude?
1	Ah, how could I be so blind?! There's a THESIS! Clearly all the information relating to the subject can be surmised from such a paper.
1	But...but...chemicals!
1	As long as Dennis Quaid is in this one too, I'll be happy.
1	And if not, oh well. Fuck the future.
1	But don't you know? The massive amount of people who combined would still be less than Leo's carbon footprint are the real problem because overpopulation.
1	This comment is not designed to cause arguments in any way whatsoever.
1	You don't? Filthy casual!
1	Pffft, filthy casual. You're suppose to freehand it goddamnit!
1	Looking at the upvotes you got, I can tell that Reddit is full of devil worshipers
1	Silly simpleton, it's only racist when white people do it
1	There's only one Indian in Hollywood. I know this because I've never seen two star in a television show at the same time and casting would never overlook something like this.
1	Who? Was she in Star Wars VII?
1	b-but theyre gonna use her in the next movie! this was just her introduction so stop hating!
1	I could really watch any movie. Dude definitely brings nothing original to the game.
1	Of course they would bring back one of the most important characters.
1	"Darn no more Noomi Rapace close-ups to add to my ""O-face"" folder"
1	BvS is absolute garbage. It's one of the worst films ever created. I literally got eye-cancer watching that shallow film and Zack Snyder should be properly punished for making such an abomination. I predict $70m opening weekend and $400m WW. Biggest flop of the century.
1	How about Lindelof gives the script a quick 'once-over' then?
1	I hope they spoil the whole movie with the next trailer!
1	Yeah, bro.  I wish we could always watch movies where kids use racial slurs for humor.  Stupid SJW cucks.
1	Yep.  One drop and you're evil.
1	I liked the part where the dude got shot
1	It's okay.  If you know the books you'd know his nonconsensual forcing of pussy galore in goldfinger was necessary because she was a lesbian.  Fortunately, Bond was able to fix that with that with a quick tussle in a barn.
1	I give until noon on the day of release. Anyone who *reaaaally* wanted to see it would catch a midnight showing. I shouldn't ever have to be considerate of other people when I want to talk.
1	So does this mean that Marvel could FINALLY get the rights back to Batman and Superman??!!
1	snider directs movies, he doesn't make the score
1	But it's practical effects and not that CGI garbage every film today is spewing out so it actually looks amazing
1	Superman just punched a man through multiple buildings and proceeded to punch him back to the ground and level that road. So what's the difference?
1	Well that's because you're a woman
1	onions
1	But they trained in a simulator for like, a whole day!
1	There are cable lines on that telephone pole. Did this movie even try to recreate the time period?
1	Yes, why are people hating on one of the similar groups, but like the other? That totally doesn't happen in real life at all!
1	SHUT UP MARVEL FANBOY!!!
1	Did you know Han Solo had a cameo in Indiana Jones? :O
1	I'm really sick of how the fact he's the villian for almost every batman film and show. Like give the joker a chance
1	Funny? Huh, a Zack Snyder movie that isn't funny.. Weird!
1	Ah do people forget that Spacejam exists.
1	What, didn't you like Jackson-with-a-lisp as a supervillain?
1	You were given two options: mild disapproval wasn't one of them.
1	Oh, I guess that invalidates my entire argument!
1	What about those critics that spent countless hours destroying the film, does their work mean nothing
1	Woah! Spoilers dude!
1	I'm not a huge basketball fan, but I think Coach Carter nailed the story it was trying to tell and it really made me interested in basketball. Either that or High School Musical
1	The magic of the real world get diminished everyday. You're not helping, jerk!
1	I don't know, that guy looks fine to me
1	yeah, its so UNREALISTIC in this realistic grounded world. wow guys
1	If only they didn't have a monopoly on all the movies I watch
1	Praise jeebus for Disney censorship
1	oh yeah, spreading ignorance that kills is not a problem, just relax, no big deal
1	No deathsticks in Ep VIII? Way to ruin a franchise
1	Watching a Hollywood movie about McDonalds is on the top of my to do list in life.
1	No, unless you're in the news all the time, you're obviously a failure and not doing anything with your life
1	Fuck you for enjoying the movie!
1	Yea fuck you and your opinion
1	Duh, because Superman is an illegal taking our jobs.
1	I am shocked that Rolling Stone would put Bob Dylan number one of their list.
1	I cant believe people think this will bomb, I mean its Ben Affleck.
1	no you are wrong, they are all paid marvel shills
1	It's not murder if they still have a pulse when he leaves!
1	You can't tell me that God's Not Dead 2 doesn't look like an oscar worthy film!
1	Needs more HGH and testosterone right from an alpha bull's testicles. I wanna see zits on the back and a vote change from Gal Godat.
1	No just a movie featuring women warriors. I bet they'll even sucessfully fight bad guys who are men in this move. More vile feminazi propaganda!
1	Oh how racist clearly these women aren't greek
1	Don't you know women are small, dainty, fragile things?
1	Jenny cleaned up her act.  Good for her.
1	Yeah what an irrational thought process following the massive failure of the gritty, humorless Nolan Batman trilogy.
1	like the movie, its not fun
1	Themyscira has been gentrified. Only skinny, white affluent women are all that is left of the Amazons.
1	I mean we do have standards. We're not animals.
1	bro have you seen the legends of the guardians: the owls of Ga'hoole?!
1	It's clearly Revenge of the Sith
1	That's how you have Batman. He doesn't work during the  day so it has to be night.
1	They don't have to because hitler is self-funding.
1	cuz they gays are destroying murica
1	Yeah and as we know, they only serve the Catholic homeless
1	Youtube comments say otherwise!!!
1	Honestly Catwoman was a masterpiece
1	No, the other Facebook.
1	He can't handle the dark and grittiness of the film!
1	Hahahaha guise this guy is feeling crappy because he's being discriminated against! Hahaha what a pussy he should man up
1	We should totally not do something out of fear, the terrorists would hate that.
1	Everything the reviews found wrong with it
1	She was in Thor?
1	No, obviously Jimmy is the funniest person to ever be on his show. It's his show, he is the star, and he is the funniest.
1	Did you know that movie took *12 years* to make?
1	You mean only white people can be racist, right?
1	But why should we be recording movies in ***THEIR*** language? They should be learning to speak American, goddammit
1	She's a brunette. She's English. She was in STAR WARS. I can't possibly think of any other factors to consider when casting a character for a huge reboot.
1	I can Confidently say, on behalf of all Star Wars fans that the CG in Attack of the Clones is far better than those goofy practical effects from the 80's films.
1	Yeah she has really shown her chops on Grey's Anatomy.
1	Oh my. How debilitating.
1	Yeah, I long for the day when all people speak only English. Why have diversity at all?
1	Nope.
1	Yeah, why ruin the classics that are the original Tomb Raider movies!
1	Yeah, how dare the Navajo Nation Museum choose to translate it into Navajo rather than Swahili!
1	I hope it's as good as Anchorman 2.
1	This really added to the discussion.
1	I hope it's as good a Anchorman 2!
1	FarCry
1	Wait, that wasn't what the movie was about?!
1	Because i have an opinion that differs from all the cool kids on reddit? You're not judgemental at all.
1	Yep. This shit is the norm. Most men you deal with will be this way.
1	If that's not real then someone sure took a long time thinking it all up for nothing. Anyway, I will probably still watch the movie.
1	There was a trailer they put out back in November. I haven't even seen this TV spot yet but I'm sure it's glorious.
1	It's Reddit, agree with us or fuck you!
1	Next up, should anyone under 17 be banned from a movie theater?
1	smart move, everyone loved that last one so much
1	no, it's a HP and Hunger Games ripoff and it sucks!
1	Meaning you live in a stump?
1	She didn't want reddit to see her tits so she's a stuck up bitch.
1	yay, wonder womans first onscreen appearance and we reduce her to being a naked sexthing!
1	Personally, I'd prefer my Sandman without wonky musical numbers and plot-lines that go no where.
1	holy shit the CGI got so much better. It's almost like the first trailer was incomplete CGI
1	just let him use the accent that he used in the Revenant
1	You read all of Snape's book?
1	Yeah, why didn't they answer those questions in the trailer?
1	Oh no this guy has an opinion that differs from the crowd, let us all downvote him
1	But it's a comic book movie so it has to be OK for kids, right?
1	Nope, it can't be the fact she was awesome in Silver Linings Playbook and they are totally fucking up the Mystique character with how much they are pushing Jlaw, it's just because reddit is a bunch of mindless conformists.
1	Less chance of them screwing up lines!
1	That's classic victim blaming.
1	Ugh, I hated John Boyega before it was even cool. He's so annoyingly fake and relatable. What a douchebag.
1	but its Jennifer Lawrence!
1	Yeah, because X-Men 1, X-Men 2 and X-Men: Days of Future Past were such bad films that everyone hates
1	Whose the girl on the bottom left?
1	Now remember, this was before 9/11.  People with bombs were allowed to go anywhere they wanted.
1	What character is jlaw playing?
1	So the top, most profitable and highest earning directors are for it, and the ones that only have a few successful films under their belt are against it? Sounds legit. I was wondering when the geriatrics were going to come out against the proposed natural progression of the industry that might put them out of a job.
1	But racism is prejudice + power and Asians are successful so you can't be racist against them.
1	But I thought executives were just overpaid crooks and their work didn't matter. Anybody could do just as good as a job.
1	It's only an issue when the person being disrespected is a woman.
1	Yes, because Crystal Skull was **beloved** by its fans
1	"""Kill the fucker"""
1	So brave
1	LEAVE THE CLASSICS ALONE. STOP RUINING MY CHILDHOOD!
1	Everyone knows diversity only counts if you're referring to black actors/writers/directors.
1	A silly and ridiculous scene in an Indiana Jones film? NO FUCKING WAY!
1	"Yeah, because those people totally know movies with tongue in cheek titles like ""Sausage Party"" and ""The Nut Job"" are for adults."
1	SPOILERS!
1	When opinions goes as valid criticism
1	Ratatouille 2 just rolls off the tongue!
1	Because you're not thinking of the children.
1	Well Todd Akin only spoke about 'legitimate rape', not just any rape.
1	Why'd you have to go and be all logical about this OP? How are these people supposed to hang on to the one thing they have bitch about?!
1	cancer
1	Well you guys apparently couldn't hand 'the philosopher's stone'.
1	i dunt c a prolbem?
1	What?  You didn't like the cinematic masterpiece that was The Sum of all Fears?
1	Christopher Nolan, such a hack!
1	That's because people don't use USD in the UK silly
1	Jeez, he meant 1950's, not 1550's.
1	Why would we need to know the point at which a movie makes or loses money?
1	Shut up nerd.
1	Right, because if Disney does anything, it sucks the life out of movies and makes only unwatchable garbage.
1	And, as we all know, spies can't be bald.
1	No dude, THIS one was EVIL and the movie was ONLY made as a FUCK YOU to dudes on the internet!
1	They should make it even better by giving the fans what they want, and make beetle juice a female this time!   I vote for Melissa McCarthy!
1	WE WANT MORE SEQUELS! WE WANT MORE SEQUELS! WE WANT MORE SEQUELS!
1	Wait there was a third Alien movie?
1	Ahem, his last name is spelled without the d. Get with the program.
1	Oh yeah it totally makes sense. Tony Stark talking about how super heroes should be policed then goes and uses a child as a foot soldier in a war. Makes lots of sense.
1	Wow dude. That was useful.
1	But..but..the internet told me everyone had superhero fatigue?!?!?
1	Ashton Kutcher was a good Steve Jobs because he looked the part.
1	"""Hey I'm swinging here!"" 10/10 Brooklyn accent"
1	But guuuuuys!  They revealed too much in the trailer.  Now I feel like I don't even need to see the movie!
1	Get Paul W.S. and he can cast Milla as 20 year old Lara
1	that doesn't guarantee the movie will be crap at all!
1	So.. It's a comic book?
1	The requested page could not be found? One of the best!!
1	Thanks Tim Burton for making my biggest dream a reality
1	Oh great! Another one!
1	"Yeah, just like ""On Stranger Tides""!"
1	Thin the herd.  People needed licenses to have babies due to overpopulation.
1	hmmm...that's what they *want* you to think..
1	First sign he's going to do a Lucas and edit the films?
1	The best month for movies
1	I don't remember that one... but I remember his cameo in the first hobbit movie. I don't think he's been in anything much besides that though.
1	Just $140? No millions?
1	Proving the age-old adage, if you're loud enough people will eventually listen to you.
1	Should have been nominated for I, Frankenstein
1	But you can't criticise her, that would be sexist. You can only criticise men
1	I've been saying it for years! If they're gonna make a Surf's Up sequel, *it has to be about the WWE*! It's the only logical progression
1	They're all commies anyway, what does it matter
1	No, they did it because they are racist pigs. And guess what, MJ didn't even win an Oscar for his performance, #LooneyToonsSoWhite
1	Because he killed Zod!
1	Of course it's fast it's about cars
1	They're missing out on a huge opportunity.  Utilizing stereotypes helps avoid a lot of awkward exposition.  Need a thug, but don't want to spend time establishing that he's a thug?  Make him black.  Need a really bad driver?  Asian woman.  Brilliant doctor?  Indian.  Evil mastermind?  British guy in a black turtleneck.  Where would cinema be today if it weren't for these timeless archetypes?
1	"""it's a cadillac!"" I laughed so hard I sharted"
1	I thought it was they simply hate women and also hate seeing women in film, like in Aliens and Terminator films
1	It would have made more rated R probably. Deadpool made 135 M after all.
1	No surprise since all artistic people use drugs
1	"WHAT?! You mean you didn't like the ""power of Patty compels you"" scene!?"
1	Oh wow, an artist took acid in the '70s. What a crazy fact.
1	"Michelle didn't say ""how rude"", Stephanie did, you filthy pleb. Learn your stuff."
1	Yeah. But they've all been pirated which is why the movies never break any records
1	Only once though.  We can't have people waking to reality or anything.  We've got a lot of money invested in this.
1	You cannot do this. Society needs you to be an obedient worker bee.
1	Not everyone can have such an elegant and refined taste such as yours
1	Shut up, Interstellar is perfect
1	I didn't know Edward Olmos was playing Jacob Duran
1	Only a stupid woman would think that.
1	Just what we need ... more superhero/villain movies. Yay!
1	Yes, because one of the most popular pc games are only for mouth breathing idiots, just like Comics and Star Wars.
1	No, but today the specific gender of the lead character means no one of any other gender is supposed to enjoy it
1	That'll happen when you graduate from West Point.
1	It's probably because it doesn't star Ice-T.
1	Oh great, another superheroes movie. Whoopie!!!
1	They should have done what the new Power Rangers did: have 1 Asian, 1 Mexican, 1 black and 2 white people. Then maybe people wouldn't complain as much.
1	It should be R rated too
1	I really think the black woman could have been played by a white girl... #whitewashingmatters
1	Ya well were talking movies not books.
1	racist
1	Not with Isis at large. Know the enemy
1	Yeah but they're women so it's gonna suck obvs
1	the third live action Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
1	True! I'm excited to see how the movie shows her storyarc gaining knowledge of the Metro subway (New York City), history of Cadillac love (Chicago), but also sounds like a stereotypical Southern Baptist (Bible Belt)
1	Remember, its because we hate women that we dont like it, not because it sucks.
1	He had first-hand training in practical application of paranormal sciences, but clearly he's not a scientist because he doesn't have a degree
1	"Because Chris Farley coined and owns the phrase ""that's gonna leave a mark"""
1	Uh, because all black people are uneducated? Duh!
1	Why so negative? This is going to be at least as good as Aeon Flux!
1	Obviously
1	WE DID IT, REDDIT!
1	"Gotta love ""global free trade"". We teach them rudimentary English and then pay half what a SAG actor would get."
1	Ah well, they can just buy another guitar right?
1	Oh yeah because they definitely put this through production since the #Oscarsowhite stuff
1	But cgi is the devil movies should go back to only using physical effects because no good movie ever uses cgi
1	Duh, every story has to have a beginning, a middle, and an end!  That's just basic money grabbing.
1	Ah yes, because she failed so miserably at her last series
1	Racist!
1	I gotta agree, The Revenant would have been so much better if they had just stuck to the source material and not include Leo's son. Instead the film should have been about his quest to retrieve his rifle from Tom Hardy's character.
1	You want a sequel to Magnolia?
1	But 1994 was the best year in the history of film!!!!!!!!!!
1	Also let's make Eddie an Asian computer geek instead of a drug addict while we're at it. And he will struggle without internet instead of drugs. Because why not?
1	Oh fuck yeah! Why have a movie set in Mid-World when we can have another movie set in our location!
1	"Yeah, ""sucked ass"" is pretty thorough"
1	Nothing like the high quality masterpiece sequels that  American cinema produces.
1	Yeah, and when will anime quit casting blondes, redheads, and, like blue haired white girls as japanese schoolchildren?!!
1	Don't you know? Black people can't be racist
1	Oh it definitely is, I was actually attempting to be snarky. Sure will be great when we can have fonts that convey tone of voice or meaning in their style. ya I know about
1	It helps if you use this..
1	Pfft. I'm sure George Miller is disappointed that Mad Max has to be in the same company as those films.
1	First they take our jobs, now they take our awards.
1	Exactly it's racism that Straight Out of Compton didn't consider any Chinese actors for their main roles. Yeah that's racism by your standard.
1	I would have liked All the President's Men without the text.
1	Right, you're just walking out into a world that is 71% covered by oceans of fatally corrosive liquid which also literally falls out of the sky on a regular basis. It's not instant death though, so it's totally reasonable to just go naked.
1	lol, how could he play a black guy???
1	Sexism.  ALL sexism.  100% of it.
1	No way. It's definitely because of misogyny
1	Oh, man: a vagina joke ten seconds in *and* a racially driven attache character? They *have* thought of everything.
1	But... what if it's a masterpiece of modern cinema, like Blues Brothers 2000 was?!?!
1	Dont you know? The patriarchy cant handle strong independent women!
1	Is that Logan Marshall-Green?
1	Sick of Cops; When will Hollywood Make TV Shows Again?
1	Thats just clearly because you have internalised misogyny. Stop spreading hate speech
1	You're just upset about the female empowerment
1	If I had it my way we'd go back to the times of Shakespeare and all roles would be played by men.
1	Yep, it's clear tackling someone who is about to murder a child is planned murder
1	I don't get it, why are you showing me the Powerpuff Girls? They're girls, get your fact straight!
1	They should've casted Dwyane Johnson.  Isn't that what they're doing with reboots these days?
1	Yeah what's going on is brave internet warriors are stopping the feminist agenda
1	I just hope it's an origin story.  I've been dying to see how spidey came to be on the big screen!
1	Another Spiderman movie! Yay, hopefully we'll finally find out about his origin.
1	Dude, no. They had last-minute reshoots 6 months before the movie comes out. No movie has ever done that before.
1	Yeah that worked well for wonderwoman didn't it?
1	But her tits aren't big enough...
1	Maybe he is playing Cassandra Nova.
1	How Comcast wants to buy Dreamworks for $3B, thanks a lot, OP.
1	Aww c'mon a 2 hour commercial with Transformers getting sued for not being enough of a commercial isn't ironic
1	I bet this is 100% accurate.
1	Yeah, why would he try to emulate a voice of the person he is acting to be?
1	Don't worry they'll fix it in post
1	You are wrong, they know, they saw it on tv and on the internet, must be true!
1	It's like people can change their minds over time, or they might not have liked her in DoFP, or she could have made other films since DoFP that sucked. Safe to say the hatred for her started after DoFP and those were fairly big factors.
1	Just another example of the unrealistic body standards women are held to and men totally aren't.
1	That's because they're objects. We're not talking about the beach or the sky either.
1	On a planet full of male only prisoners? Unbelievable
1	You mean WoW: Mists of Pandaria? It wasn't that great.
1	It's definitely a fact when it's about likes and dislikes. That's just how stuff works.
1	Reboot? There isn't a reboot.
1	Wonder if Mystique will be in this? Looks like they just replaced her with JLaw
1	A $25,000 fine for the potential corruption of innocent minds? That's an abomination!
1	Indeed, he was superb as Genghis Khan in The Conquerors.
1	Yeah because Marvel/Disney has proven that you just can't translate your characters and stories onto the screen and expect to make money.
1	Hahaha good one.
1	how does this have anything to do with the show itself? Oh NO! CBS needs me to subscribe! i guess i'll never watch it as there's possibly no other alternative.
1	People are entitled to those nudes because she's a celebrity and celebrities belong to us body and soul
1	"""X-men: Mockingjay Part 2: Apocalypse Part 1"" I can't wait to see Katniss train the other mutants to fight Apocalypse"
1	Did you see the movie, he went through surgery.
1	Thanks for sound
1	Better in every way?
1	The ones agreeing with me.
1	Nonono. It's where those SJWs limit our free speech by getting all triggered and offended.
1	Translation: Chinese official advocates continued US access to this market because it may advance their space program, and most certainly has nothing to do with how financially invested he is in it, nor is it an invitation to US filmmakers.
1	The social commentary was very immediate
1	The marketing really undersold it.
1	But them cheap Chinese workers stealing American jobs at NASA and shit.
1	Well, refusing to cooperate on peaceful scientific missions is sure to help.
1	Warner Bros. sure know how to keep a pulse on what the people want.
1	That was directed by Bowie's kid, right?
1	I actually have seen it....but am I the ONLY one who didn't really like it?
1	Well not nowadays, but that's because generations today are pussies and commies.
1	This is as surprising as Star Wars breaking records.
1	But then he'd be downvoted for having a positive opinion on Transformers movie
1	Without your totally necessary comment I wouldn't have known what he meant.
1	Or you could try reading it like Rudyard Kipling intended!
1	Gee, Hollywood, why don't you remake Goonies. And Monster Squad. Might as well take The Breakfast Club, and War Games,too. How about a live action Kidd Video? Or Space Camp, yeah, that really needs a remake. Might as well redo The Last Starfighter while you're at it. Here, have my whole childhood, I wasn't using it anymore anyway.
1	Wow you have a different opinion then me and that makes you stupid.
1	Anime is all the same right?
1	There's a film screaming for a remake
1	What? The Bourne Ultimatum *is* a real movie though!
1	I can't watch at 60 fps does any one have a real life trailer that runs at 24 fps?
1	Vin Diesel is currently their top prospect
1	Yeah and that slide-whistle sound effect was just great.
1	So brave
1	Schwarzenegger, the man is a chameleon and truely transforms into whatever character he plays.  I never recognize him when watching a movie.
1	Godzilla is not asian
1	He meant an important Oscar
1	You wash your mouth out!
1	You know who's death would suck? Ted Cruz.
1	dark and gritty versions, oh why how SURPRISING of warner bros to do that
1	Yes. There are absolutely no movies that take every opportunity to display a US flag with hero and patriotic overtones. None.
1	Where is Batman or Antman? Where are the superheroes??
1	Uh, that's four movies.
1	Shut your mouth you fat, uncultured, loud, juvenile, hamburger loving, cheap beer chugging American swine.
1	Live action CGI lions
1	I think Chris Pratt might be in this movie
1	Nice guy that Hitler. Knows how to treat his fans
1	Wonder how much Disney paid Robbie for this review.
1	seems like hollywood is on this remake reboot binge. pwr rangers 1st couple seasons were great as a kid. please leave it at that. even the movies thereafter were meh. so 20 years later, oh man, u know its gonna be hit
1	Yeah, Denzel's a shit actor. They only hired him because he's black
1	What?!?!!?!?! Another white woman playing a Asian role? WTF Hollywood?
1	Why, the Martian was comedy gold, I was in stitches the entire time.
1	Wow, they really pay respect to the original costume.
1	Nanny State for the win!
1	More Hollywood whitewashing!
1	More Hollywood whitewashing!
1	Hopefully people don't run out of things that hurt their feels.
1	noooo but alcohol is evil think of the children !!!
1	Yeah Titanic 2: Titanic Harder was a kick ass movie.
1	Yeah, one would have to be complete idiot to even think about making sequel for highest grossing movie of all-time. I mean Redditor's aren't even quoting and making dank memes about it, so it clearly has no cultural relevancy
1	Sssshhh...everyone here could run a studio better than Kennedy. Don't you hear all these incredible ideas?
1	The first one is her real face, right?
1	But if she was Japanese then how come she don't have them squinty eyes?
1	Perfectly fine to have a black James Bond or Superman, though!
1	hey man, he needed to cram all religious symbolism instead of character developing, its pretty obvious whats needed first right
1	Ben Mckenzie could.
1	And the First Order blew up a whole solar system in The Force Awakens, so Batman and Superman can kill whoever they want
1	Yes. Superman is a murderous killing robot. Snyder perfectly encapsulated that beloved part of his character.
1	But the third Star Trek isn't out until July
1	Yeah, so it was just like Tron!
1	Yea I agree there's not enough westerns based on revenge
1	One should only watch Lawrence of Arabia in 70mm.
1	Don't watch Se7en, either. You'll be disappointed.
1	Can confirm. Kindergarten Cop was so manly.
1	Well, except for those critics who were paid off by Disney
1	Cool shots put to Inception's 'Time'. I never thought I'd see the day.
1	No no no, you see... Snyder is a hack who doesn't know how to direct movies.
1	While clearly the only viable option being Lucy Liu
1	Will it have a script? That would be awesome.
1	Don't be racist ,anon
1	There was a TV series? Why didn't anyone tell me?
1	You can't be negative till the critics or Internet personalities give it a negative.
1	Of course they weren't, we saw no Midi-chlorians on screen!
1	YouTube unfair? Whaaat? That's crazy...
1	Why not get a mixed raced actor, half-white/ half-asain.
1	Yes, segregation was the bomb.
1	Right, because there are no popular stories about the production of Star Wars.
1	lol expanding thier knowledge base...YEAH that's what they are doing.
1	It certainly worked well for *The Last Airbender* and *Dragonball Evolution*.
1	What a tattle tale
1	It is fucking dumb, I'm 21 and I've started carrying a .22 hunting rifle with me into films so I can just shoot their phones out of their hands.
1	AMC should make an app that lets you text the theatre directly alerting them of the texter in front or behind you
1	Uh huh. Cussing is so cool. Especially when it's offensive. It really added to the story.
1	What? Was Emma Stone not available?
1	Damn. Get them started early.
1	Well, men can't actually be raped
1	Well they are weaker so its more important. The strong shouldn't pick on the weak.
1	Is that the smart girl from modern family?
1	I know, right, lucy liu isnt even a real asian
1	It's good to see you have your priorities in line.
1	He's European. Stop making fun of his accent!
1	Oh, no. Fox is not fucking over a well working idea/team. How boring, indeed.
1	thank you for reminding us that only white people exists in the movies.  I think actual Japanese people is like a myth right?  As long as there's white leads in all my entertainment, my world is safe and sound. Excuse me as I re-watch GIST knowing the Major is actually one of the whitest woman on Earth.
1	What's going on with all this dialogue? Refn what the heck man.
1	You don't imagine Motoko Kusanagi as a super super super white woman? I just can't see why.
1	Cmon now everyone loved the saiyaman saga!
1	Yeah that sounds really hard to translate to an American situation.
1	AMC Corporate: well, Americans have grown up with their Second Amendment rights, so we're exploring allowing patrons to bring their  firearms with them to the theater, to integrate their right to bear arms into their right to enjoy the amenities of an AMC theater experience.
1	"""considering"" - My local AMC already does this! Not only that, but you can play on your phone the entire movie and no employee will ever care! Mine must be so progressive compared to other AMC theaters!"
1	Everyone knows women belong in the kitchen, not movies
1	Just admit it, you'd rather have stage 4 cancer of the brain than put your phone down for 2 minutes! You millennials are all the same.
1	Mass murders won't scar a child. Breasts though? That poor child will be mentally scarred forever.
1	yeah havent you played every game in existance
1	Disney made sure those checks were mailed early.
1	^  found the Jay sympathizer.
1	Hob Goblin confirmed
1	Hydra mad scientist experimenting with cosmic-rays and alien DNA of course!
1	I hope we get another origin story! It's been almost 4 years since the last one!
1	They should recast bill and ted as women to make it more 2016, I think Kirsten wiig and Melissa Mccarthy would be the best casting choices
1	"Na, fuck them for creating their universe first and having it be hugely successful, it's totally not everyone else spamming the ""universe"" idea for fucking everything."
1	So he was still a protagonist?
1	Yeah, why can't they be more intellectual, like Wrath of Khan or First Contact? Don't forget that the most action-packed Star Trek film, the Motion Picture, bombed completely! Why can't they learn from past mistakes?
1	This is taking place in MCU, clearly.
1	And totally passable as an Asian
1	Can't wait to hear all the bitching about white washing movies
1	No, that's Donald Glover.
1	Psh, Cumberbatch looks nothing like Dr. Hugo Strange, and this looks nothing like Arkham Asylum.
1	Yay! Batman using even more guns and killing even more people while fighting like a drunk boxer!
1	Who would've thought an American produced movie would have an American style date??
1	A perfect start to the hype
1	what Crystal Skull story?
1	Yeah his character in Titanic and Wolf on Wall Street was basically the same character as Arnie in Gilbert Grape. Dude has no range.
1	Yeah dude. He was the shit in talahaga nights
1	Yeah, terrible.  A New York Lawyer who is also a Super Hero wanting to defend Captain America.  How awful.
1	Oh boy, once Snyder releases his amazing adaptation of The Fountainhead you'll be eating those words!!!
1	Yup, definitely only those 2 and only in those specific and well defined boxes that never in any way mix.
1	He will! Didn't you read the title?
1	Oh good, the reason I subscribe to r/movies. Politics.
1	huh.... you're right I have never seen an adult at any sic-fi or superhero movie ever
1	I know right? They should have kept up the Daredevil mockery that they began with
1	I think we have an early best picture contender! Take notice, Academy!
1	Nah whenever I think Star Wars theme I think of 'Jedi Rocks'.
1	Criticisms of Melissa McCarthy in relation to her being ~~fat~~ a primarily physical comedian aren't rooted in internet misogyny at alllllll
1	OMG there's going to be explosions in Alien : Covenant I'm shocked!  Shocked I say!
1	As opposed to Harley's traditionally non-American accent?
1	It's DC so it will suck
1	Is this guy trying to tell me that archetypes are a thing? how revolutionary of an idea.
1	:/ man could it be there were more male characters? wow man who wrote this garbage
1	But I thought they literally killed all those animals!?!!
1	Agreed.  SJWs and Feminists should have complete authority on the casting and writing decisions made in Hollywood to ensure no minority is taken advantage of by the Patriarchy.
1	Yes. $2 is going to break the bank
1	^The ^^good ^^^old ^^^^days
1	Gosh! Tell me, who should I hate? Men? Misogynist screen writers? The film industry? You must tell me!  I need someone to blame!
1	Oh cool. Created by polygon. This totally isn't going to be biased in any way possible!
1	Yeah because if 800 + million for both superhero films that came out this year proves anything, it's that people don't want to pay to see super hero movies
1	Sounds like Apple to me.
1	Maybe that's how the Lativan accent sounds like to Russians
1	Fast and Furious: Feminist takeover.
1	"What is Edge of Tomorrow? Don't you mean ""*Live, Die, Repeat!*""?"
1	I hope the reshoots are to make the film darker.
1	Yeah there's no room for nuance is there
1	Yeah but apparently some people get offended when people dont like it when you jerk off to their nudes. The nerve of some people
1	Don't know why a Kyle Katarn movie is necessary.  Just watch those cutscenes.  They're high art.
1	I don't know, Eggsy's baby sis didn't seem very ruthless!
1	Gotta hide those outtakes from the fake moon landing
1	You sexist pig!
1	Yes, EVERY single movie coming out has a female lead. No male leads to be seen anywhere in cinema at the moment
1	Rupert Pupkin was in Banshee on TV?
1	Yeah, that's why Deadpool flopped.
1	Should I be concerned that my daughter's favorite character is absolutely Darth Vader?  I mean, I should probably insist she relate to Princess Leia, right??
1	We need a governing body to protect innocent viewers from spoilerific trailers
1	DAE think Rey was too perfect at everything? I mean c'mon Luke was just a farmer with no military, weapons, or combat experience who successfully penetrated the Empire's largest military base, fought dozens of well trained Stormtroopers, entered a detention block that contained a high level prisoner, break them out, escape the Death Star, pilot a vehicle he's never flown during an assault on said Death Star and survive air combat with well trained fighter pilots despite being horribly outnumbered, survive all the anti-air turrets and defensive mechanisms of this moon sized military base, and then blow it up.
1	I don't know what you're talking about. There is no episode 3.
1	How else are people watching the movie supposed to be able to tell it's her?!
1	Thanks. That info really helps.
1	DAMN IT! Ruined!
1	Just wait till you hear the voice the cast for Vader!  ;)
1	Maybe it will be as good as the remade battlefront
1	IP Man 4 looks great
1	Yes, the original movies were certainly a great example of impressive dialog.
1	Needs more Beastie Boys.
1	Not forced at all either
1	Oh great, another Star Wars movie with a giant Death Star.
1	Nono, you don't get it. From this one, you aren't able to tell the entire plot.
1	Right. If ESB was your left buttocks cheek and ANH the right one.
1	Well this was a brave and controversial comment
1	Maybe we'll get a new Christmas special!
1	Dude no one cares about King Arthur it's all about Khaleesi now
1	They could update it to parallel the current Star Trek films. The younger cast could get captured and the old folks have to save them! It'd be great
1	Right? Fucking sheep.
1	yeah guys a movie isn't supposed to be satisfying anymore, now we need 10 sequels and 12 spin offs to do that
1	All that hard work paid off I guess
1	Uh, the Godless commies?
1	Stop motion clay models look so much more realistic though!
1	A 100 times 0 is still 0.
1	Oh well THAT bodes well.
1	I blame Hollywood whitewashing.
1	Cultural appropriation
1	Are you saying you didn't like seeing James McAvoy's face in Patrick Stewart's crotch?
1	"Ah, i see you've encountered the Batfan before. It isnt moody and angsty though, its dark, gritty and ""edgy"". Which as you well should know are bywords for quality, relatable storytelling."
1	I actually thought about committing suicide right there in the theater when I saw it.
1	First ghostbusters now leatherface
1	It sold so well because of the stellar writing and artwork. It wasn't a publicity stunt at all.
1	You left a little of the original piece in there, and you missed the UFO's up top. Plus, I thought shilling off of other people's hard work for attention was the american way. Isn't it ?
1	nah, nah. We need safe spaces.
1	Well, that's some Nickelodeon stuff right there. Probably Nick Jr.
1	Yep only communists unite behind Nationalist political parties!
1	That's actually his totem. Only he knows it's a double sided coin. So when the coin changes, that's when you know he's actually in someone else's dream.
1	Noah
1	Yeah that scene where Aquaman awkwardly floated there then sped of was amazing!
1	Antman and Man of Steel were LITERALLY the same movie
1	Ugh white people appropriating magician culture.
1	Yes, because they're soooo underrated.
1	Because sometimes certain dresses cant be pulled off by certain women and all your left with that day is a long t shirt. You shouldnt tease people for their outfits
1	Typical reddit cultural appropriation
1	Because you need to be a social delinquent to have a healthy sexual appetite
1	We did it, Reddit!
1	Yeah, Leaving Las Vegas, Adaptation, and Joe were all terrible.
1	Yeah, its such an uncommon and rare opinion
1	Dude haven't you read all the articles? You MUST think the movie is unwatchable trash if you have any self respect
1	You heinous prick.
1	You must still be in denial!
1	Is he the one from Hunger games ?
1	Because TDK films were so aweful
1	Apart from the dozens of posts a week, am I the only one who had an irrational hate for fury road?
1	How *dare* she.
1	this is from the mastermind the dark knight rises!!!!
1	What you mean? You trying to say that is actually not her?
1	It's not bad you're just sexist
1	They're going for that new R rating trend.
1	Gilded!
1	Time to panic! They are doing reshoots! Movie is doomed!
1	Im sure the executive producer of the new version who also owns a large portion of the franchise has no ulterior motive whatsoever for these remarks.
1	YOu mean a half black-half samoan guy is going to play a white guy, oh the madness people will be going over this race bending.
1	"Yep your completely right, it's a terrible FANTASY movie that and I quote has ""excessive amounts of FANTASY jibber-jabber mostly renders the film nonsensical to everyone else."" -rotten tomato ""critic"""
1	Because making money is *always* directly related to how good a movie is.
1	You gotta trust the voice of Yogi Bear on knowing comedy gold.
1	Great, my least favorite part of a movie I didn't enjoy will be back!
1	Apparently there was aliens in it as well
1	how dare you undermine the strong female lead with male preference. Sexist!
1	But Jennifer Lawrence gets to be the star!  Makes perfect sense!
1	but dude it's supposed to be way too over the top, cliched, and terrible. the bad jokes are what makes it funny xDD
1	Didn't it?
1	I guess that doesn't include me then! :)
1	Because obviously Quantico and fucking The Goldbergs are what's interesting now.
1	I arrived just too late for this. Fuck you.
1	Racial Equality ugh. What a horrible agenda to push!
1	Grey-blue and grey-orange are colors.
1	Produced by BP, cause how else are they make back their losses on the accident?
1	But everyone told me BvS was a huge failure.
1	This isn't fair!  We need revenue equality in movies!  No movie needs to make that much money when so many others are struggling!
1	Why didn't that guy duck at the end?
1	Because they hate *you* personally, and are doing it on purpose to turn you against Hollywood.
1	Yeah man, real heroes kill their own people for fun!
1	Yeah, but EU isn't canon now.
1	He doesn't actually look at the camera. He just looks to his left (if we start counting walls camera left).
1	Yeah but they were old, and like, totally not hot.
1	Hasn't the propaganda already worked on you?
1	If you don't applaud this movie, then you just hate strong women.
1	Based on the casting from the Dark Tower movie, it's got to be Idris Elba, right?
1	I mean, fuck critics, right?
1	"But she's Asian! I'm not watching this movie with one of ""those"" people in it"
1	To be fair, Liam Neeson is struggling for film roles
1	I just rewatched PRim, thought it was amazing. got swept up in the extravaganza and also because I might have crushed on her a bit. I can imagine an alternate script with her character as the lead, that wouldve been compelling. But there's a chance that in that version, they cast ScarJo instead
1	Because those features are exclusive to caucasians
1	Stop using examples you oppressive shitlord!
1	She isn't blond, so not conventionally attractive.
1	What are you talking about?!?!? THIS FILM IS A MASTERPIECE.
1	Didn't you know that only white men can be racist?
1	Found Bill Gates account.
1	Well there's no other possible reason you could dislike this movie, right?
1	Nice photoshopping. It's so innovative of them to simply cut away a piece of the structure.
1	I really think this will ruin an already good thing. Brotherhood is probably one of my favorite animes, and it really doesn't need a remake. Better include an all female cast so certain groups defend it no matter how bad it is
1	Color me shocked.
1	Oh yay. Anime to live action films have a history of being good and successful
1	This can only go well
1	It's fine, the author is Black, and therefore isn't racist, remember?
1	You mean you're not on the edge of your seat waiting for further developments on Natasha/Bruce?
1	Olaf, the snowman, is actually transgender
1	Haha that is pretty funny what a coincidence
1	yep, looks like he has visible abs
1	Thank you for stating objectively that one movie is superior to another. And how dare Tarantino make an Oscar calibre film and not put in a scene directly ripped from the other? Sure the marketing gave no indication that DU was a remake, and Tarantino repeatedly said in interviews that the name was homage, but the film wasn't a remake, but that doesn't make it right.
1	Stop downvoting him. He's obviously just expressing his honest opinion based on his extensive knowledge of graphic design.
1	Ok. You don't understand. All male roles in the world can only be played by a female american. It's our time now.
1	Someone needs to stand up for the rights of the white male! We are falling so far behind!
1	I can't wait to see it!
1	I mean it's easy to make that point when you cherry pick the biggest flop of the past decade. They also made 5 of the top 10 highest grossing films of all time, and own 2 of the 3 most valuable/popular franchises in existence. Oh, and they own Pixar. But yeah they fucked up John Carter what a bunch of shit movies they're pumping out
1	Starring Scarlet Johansen
1	Wow, another trailer that gives the whole story away.
1	Clearly, who would muddy that up with allegations that he's going to be given an acting gig?
1	What a horrible person for daring to care about the plight of people who are worse off!
1	ITT: people shitting on Sean Penn for daring to care about other human beings.  How dare he try to raise awareness to the plight of refugees! What an awful person!
1	What do you mean by they's
1	Hey, ANGRY BIRDS was out, though!
1	We need an Islamic transgender Bond or everybody on this thread is a racist sexist bigot.
1	Yeah how come trailers never show enough of the movies these days?
1	Legalize abortion until the fetus is 10 years old, I say!
1	Take my upvote good sir
1	I wonder what subreddit this guy frequents?
1	How many times do we have to watch his parents die we know his origin story already
1	Yeah, but it was before the end credits, so that counts, right?
1	Why not actually shoot the movie in Wakanda? It would really add to the authenticity of the scenes and stimulate the Wakandan economy. It's bad enough our corporations are exploiting the country for its precious stones.
1	bitch , stop being a sexist mysogynist
1	No.  Explosions, one-liners and mayhem are what make Star Trek great
1	I hate it when movies don't do fictional cartoon orcs justice.
1	"So he'll be the bad guy in the movie ""Andrea Doria""?"
1	Kobayashi Maru, filthy casual.
1	Thank goodness! I know Disney was having some trouble making ends meet before this acquisition.
1	No sh*t, so you mean the main plot point as every game in the series. I wonder if they'll all have Templar and assassin's in the film ?
1	The worlds richest superpower? Yeah, what a failure
1	The worlds richest superpower? Yeah, what a failure
1	Over $400 domestic? That's gotta be at least eight people at current movie ticket prices
1	What are you talking about, he died in BvS, he even had two funerals!
1	Yes, you are. Otherwise you're a misogynist man-baby
1	Yeah, that really ruined Empire. Worst of the series by far.
1	Oh great, Elizabeth Mitchell.
1	But Reddit has no problem with women.
1	funny
1	Allegedly.
1	I like how it's politically charged regarding racism and feminism, like most movies these days.
1	No Jake Gyllenhaal?
1	Well, to his credit, that's not even close to as emotional and human as fighting over a girl.
1	Do you not know how gravity works?
1	And Val Kilmer was a shitty Doc Holiday.
1	"Geez, first Chadwick Boseman, then Michael B. Jordan, and now John Boyega?! I am SICK of these darned SJWs cramming their *""diversity""* down my throat!"
1	Well they have Zatanna
1	Another masterpiece like hail caeser.
1	But surely a Seth Rogan movie must have a deeper meaning?!
1	It's like how a if a 5 stands around enough 3s she'll look like a 7
1	That's why Team America World Police did so poorly.
1	Yeah because a giant marshmallow man is so realistic.
1	I completely agree. Apparently everyone else has already seen the movie and it sucks though.
1	Nah man it was *too smart* for Marvel audiences!
1	No dude you don't understand. It's literally the worst movie ever made and if you enjoyed it you are fucking brain dead
1	YOU CAN'T HAVE A BLACK GUY PLAYING THE T BLOCK! IT WILL RUIN THE STORYLINE!
1	coming off the overwhelming success of pixels and battleship, Im certain this will be fantastic.
1	I don't get it.  The color of their skin is brown not red.
1	I can't wait to watch this underrated movie kiss kiss bang bang I've never heard anything good said about it ever
1	Yeah Lord of Rings were terrible movies
1	Because marketing is always 100% correct and there has never been a mistake in a companies marketing before
1	Fantastic Four too. And X-Men Days of Future Past was filled with so many quips too.
1	You know what'll help you with the downvotes you're getting? Complaining about downvotes. That always leads to less downvotes.
1	Yeah, just like that POS movie *Empire Strikes Back*.  Movies have to have endings or they suck!!!
1	Unrealistic? You know the ship really sank, right?
1	He was also real fond of that Taco Salad he had last week. Let's not get too bent out of shape over his opinion.
1	Agreed, nothing like seeing tig ol bitties on the big screen
1	Yeah, America has great healthcare, and nobody is ever left financially ruined because of it.
1	"How about the underated movie called ""Terminator 2"". Almost no one seems to have heard of it."
1	But he's called black panther, how can they not be related!
1	Still not enough diversity!
1	Oh, good.
1	Max Landis
1	Wow, how original and innovative!
1	Maybe he'll get a cameo in the hotly anticipated all-female reboot of Ocean's 11!
1	Colin Trevorrow.
1	Love it love it love it when the trailer gives away most of the story! Awesome!
1	Because Battleship launched Rihanna into stardom.
1	Maybe that's the plottwist
1	Yeah, the one that looks like the best chance to be a good one is the beginning of terrible attempts
1	Yeezy gotta pay his debt!
1	Jon Greyjoy confirmed
1	The projection shots are dated, but at least the skiing shots were real.  Nowadays we get a more realistic insertion of the actors in scenes, but instead of real shots of a stuntman doing some amazing physical stunts, we get CG people flying down a CG mountain, jumping off a CG cliff and deploying a CG parachute.  So exciting
1	You seriously read the articles? What a loser!
1	Damn son. Spoiler
1	at least Hitler didn't make bad movies
1	No worries. It's been a year or so since I last watched the film, guess I'll just have to make myself sit down and watch it again after work tonight. Gosh darn the luck.
1	love the big red arrows. probably would have missed it other wise
1	Big surprise.
1	Ahem. He's only HALF-Guatemalan. He's also half-Cuban, so we'll see how that goes.
1	It's cool to shit on it now
1	The movie had 2 *whole* laughs and people have the guts to say it wasn't fun!
1	just kite them
1	A rated R movie with a non violent Wolverine. Just what we've all been clamoring for
1	I think you're forgetting 102 Dalmatians
1	Wow! How do these box offices keep topping previous box offices?!?!?!
1	Yeah but how much is that accounting for inflation?
1	Wall-e confirmed mary sue.
1	Piracy is destroying the movie industry!
1	Yeah he has amazing acting ability and can definitely pull off a French accent
1	What if its just a big conspiracy to bring the all the Fox stuff to Marvel?
1	Good thing they laid off all those overpaid American IT workers.
1	*silently judges you while condescendingly posting about it*
1	WTF this isn't The Prodigy!!! What happened to the music from the other trailer??
1	"No they said ""vengence upon thee"". Its completly different."
1	"""And I will strike down with great vengeance and fuuuurious anger, those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers, and you will know, my name is the lord, 'when I lay my vengeance, upon THEM."""
1	You saying this was based on book?
1	No love for Star Trek: Nemesis?
1	You take that back. There is not a character out there today as strong as that woman!
1	But...but Zack Snyder can't do anything good!
1	Oh no, nothing like that could actually happen.  Not in an informed democracy.
1	The villians arent actually in the movie, see, Batman will just get emailed surveillance videos of them that he'll watch instead!
1	Could've been Michael B. Jordan
1	I'm pretty sure she is human
1	Pretty disappointed they went with a white male Han Solo, typical Hollywood!
1	Aww but it was such a great movie
1	Yeah, you would know.
1	Wow, I'm shocked.
1	This is what happens when Kristen Stewart isn't in it!!!
1	Spoiler alert! You're giving away Highlander
1	Right, because Criterion is totally buying reddit accounts
1	How else would you know the pink and yellow rangers are girls!? They gotta have the boob armor and the heels or no one will know!!!
1	Because making them pink and yellow wasn't an obvious enough hint to their genders of course
1	For equality
1	but how else would you know they are women?
1	I think he means the good guys defeating the bad guys, 'cause, you know, that's exclusive to superhero movies
1	THAT'S RACIST!
1	Sucker Punch
1	*that we know of*
1	let me know when they cancelled it.
1	Thanks for that visual, man!
1	Bail contacted obi wan to meet up after he killed Obi wan, and they were hiding Anakin's children... (Which he knew because they were hiding the children due to their force sensetivity) But I'm sure it never came up.
1	But comic books are for losers. Bryan Singer knows cool people only watch comic book *movies*.
1	She's not unfunny, you're a racist.
1	You don't think women are funny. Just like how some people think men are pigs, right? But you're not sexist.
1	yeah Nemo was terrible, everyone hated that Dory Character
1	Is this in The Rocky movie universe?
1	Yes. It is LAUGHABLE that they are even thought of as good. Literally unwatchable garbage.
1	So, you're the arbiter of what Asians' opinions count? I see.
1	You're triggering the Supernatural community.
1	Confirmed Melissa McCarthy is sexist, cause that's the only reason you could dislike this trailer
1	That's exactly what the Marvel shills want you to think.
1	I can only thinking movies...
1	Yup, absolutely zero sports fans working in hospitals
1	Leonardo dicaprio as the Oscar statue, amirite guise!?
1	Highlander
1	But the human eye can only see 30fps?
1	Nah they're famous for their progressive views on race and culture
1	No straight woman can do those things with that stick. *Obviously* bro.
1	Metropolis and paprika are totally underappreciated too
1	I've never seen Top Gun. Now I'll never see Top Gun you insensitive prick
1	No, I thought celebrity filled movies that are named after holidays always do exceptionally well.
1	You mean to tell me that you're not tired of the large sassy black lady?!
1	How else will they get you to buy it twice?
1	Obviously it's battle beyond the stars.
1	"I love it when subjective terms like ""cheesy"" and ""meh"" are used to criticize movies. Without actually defining what cheesy or meh mean in relation to the film."
1	Good glad they were invited to meet a quota rather than on the merits of their hard work and oscar worthy performances
1	Critics just stop watching films after deciding their favorites back in 1979. That's why their favorites don't consist entirely of films from the 2000s.
1	DC is bribing reddit users in order to promote their movie sales!
1	easy for someone with DAD PRIVILEGE to say! not everyone has a father so how dare imply that everyone has a dad. you weren't even thinking when you said that
1	Spoilers jeez
1	You haven't heard of the Disney conspiracy about Walt Disney secretly being alive and controlling all aspects of Hollywood from his lair on the death star?
1	Sexist.
1	It's animated so it is for kids.
1	Yeah it's almost lazy with the amount of parallels between his character in the revenant and what's eating Gilbert grape
1	I guess we gotta have every movie about white people, we'll just fuck up POC.
1	Oh so all youre saying is that if I have an opinion that differs from yours about how a film presents is characters then my opinion is wrong. Totally fair, not at all a dick move
1	Oh shit, you just blew my mind.
1	but it was FUN!
1	tbh pulp fiction is a pretty underrated gem amirite
1	Warcraft already came out.
1	definitely check out paranormal activity if you wanna watch people walk around a house for an hour a half. it's totally worth it for the one or two jump scares the movie has to offer.
1	Movies still come in boxes?
1	but have you seen Moon
1	Yeah you're absolutely right, King Shultz and Hans Landa were absolutely identical characters with no distinguishing features or personality traits.
1	Only *real* nerds would get this reference
1	What about Finding Dory
1	But how can that be, when the producers of Batman V Superman insist the audience doesn't care about what critics have to say? Clearly this is supported by it's 82% record-breaking Friday-to-Friday dropoff.
1	No, no, he's alive in X-Men
1	People wanting to talk about a movie are secretly working for marketing at WB? Makes sense.
1	We all know, as long as a movie is dark and gritty it will be a success.
1	I mean they drive motorcycles right? Akira is like the godfather of fast and furious. I mean  Neo Tokyo Drift am I right?
1	No you don't understand, the meaning is SOOO deep.  You can't truly know someone until you've fought them!
1	Like that damn Fellowship of the Ring and it's sequels. Copy-pasted from some book by some british fellow. Distgusting is what it is. What has the world come to.
1	Is that the ID4 prequel?
1	But he has been in several *amazing* movies, like Legend of Hercules and the Twilight saga!
1	But have Marvel ever done a German Expressionist Film?
1	This will give the studio more credibility in the event of whitewashing accusations
1	The remain campaign is really picking up steam, and right on time!
1	Yes, cause there was absolutely no recycling or sequels happening in the 80's.
1	totally...Schindler's List, Saving Private Ryan, Minority Report...garbage
1	At least we've got rid of all those immigrants
1	What?! I disliked the video. How are they still making money?
1	Yeah, just show the fights, who cares about story.
1	it's already been done
1	Is this Episode VIII
1	I dropped this
1	Typical Hollywood!
1	They cast Mufasa from The Lion King as Darth Vadar? Ugh, they're ruining the character.
1	You're right. I'd hate for my business model to be thousands of people at my establishment for 2 hours at a time and the only thing I made money on was $7 popcorn at $6.28 profit and $0.32 in coke that I sold for $7.50. I know, I know, I can sell the $1 box of candy for $6 but damn it, how am I supposed to make it without a 4000% markup??????
1	Yet another area where the EU is ruining things
1	You're late because you don't want to get there early so you won't have to watch ads. Start the movie 10minute sooner and people will show up at the correct time!
1	No! , you're not alowed to like it!
1	Ugh, fucking casuals, never reading the original comics
1	You are right, that is completely relevant.
1	Because West is Best dontcha know? How dare brown people infiltrate the internet and tell us what they like?
1	Guillermo Del Toro was great as Pappy McPoyle in Always Sunny in Philadelphia so I could see that happening. He's got the range to do it.
1	And I'm totally sure that people ran out and purchased the blu-rays for those movies that left Netflix
1	It revealed they are spies. Now the whole movie is ruined.
1	"""All the music you whipper snappers listen to is garbage because **I** haven't heard of it, listen to Cher!"""
1	Hey look, a black guy! Must be Miles Morales, right?!
1	Because Lucas is literally Hitler.
1	ok not the reshoots but it would prove pg corporate interference cuz first they said that's what's gonna be in it. so if it's not, must been ordered to take it out. can't have star wars showing real violence, death etc. they never showed arms and heads cut off in the past . . .
1	Huh, I had you figured for a stupid religious person for a while there!
1	Another Death Star?  These Star Wars writers really need some new ideas.
1	Maybe they'll be Turbo Rangers
1	The same people who underrated Tucker and Dale, Moon, &amp; Cabin in the Woods.
1	People are morons.
1	This thread is going well.
1	Jar Jar Binks will be Indiana's new side kick. Get ready for fun!
1	Finally I can breathe
1	You know what that means... more Star Wars Easter eggs, yay!
1	Most responsive AMA ever
1	Is a steak a character?
1	"But isn't Donald glover already in it? How many black guys in a movie make a ""black movie""?"
1	But I'm pretty sure the tattoos are at least getting *some* good lines.
1	Because the mods know what is best, not the users.
1	WHAT? Pft, are you daft?
1	I hear its a recent startup with real potential.
1	We'll recognise her contribution when she dies thank you very much
1	Nah, they're just trying to protect the super surprise cameo from Will Smith.
1	Yeah, a young promising actor dying is absolutely hilarious!
1	Yeah, I've never seen another character read an email quite like her.
1	And we all know Hollywood is all about realism
1	Because anyone who doesn't conform for an ideal life, such as a night shift worker, is worth less as a human being than I am.
1	But consensual sex leads to violence! Everyone knows that
1	You forget, women are gross.
1	Not enough Disney.
1	Especially since now that we've seen her nudes. No reason to worship her anymore.
1	Then why did you team up to form a more perfect union?
1	They could've save the movie if they got Jaden Smith to play Will's son in the movie.
1	But then how would people know it's a sequel?
1	Only a *true* film watcher such as I would know the importance of such things
1	I get what you were trying to say, but you should probably know you would have a panic attack if you went and saw this movie.
1	no duh Reddit is a hive mind everyone thinks the same and opinions don't coincide ever.
1	But who doesn't like shitty reposted Skyrim memes that are 5 years old?
1	Yeah, sure thing, the industry decided to sink Duncan Jones' movie despite loving his previous output.
1	it has this even lesser known sequel where there's this scene in the beginning... dude... aiden gillen blah blah blah
1	Yeah people discussing characters shouldn't mention lines those characters had that they like.
1	They definitely did, but how much can you change when you lead writer is one of your lead actors. I know Scotty's 26 minute epic monologue will have made the cut
1	Good point
1	It's a tense and terse neo-noir monolithic crime thriller with overtones of complex meta superhero paradigms that transcend the primitive labels of genre and instead forces the viewer to decipher from the cacophony of abundantly merchandised obsolescence and find a true narrative.
1	So don't go to the fucking movie theater?  But of course they should go to the movie theater, fuck everyone else's experience.
1	Jar Jar Binks is the best star wars character and the prequels the best films not only in the franchise but in history.
1	Attack of The Clones is way better
1	Shush. You obviously aren't serious enough about movies to have any opinion on them.
1	And they should all look directly at the camera for the entire scene.
1	Because only the elimination of male role models isn't sexist, SHITLORDE`!!
1	Totally explains why Iron Man and Thor were in the movie
1	"""MY NAMES LARA CROFT AND NO ONE CLOSE TO ME WILL EVER BACKSTAB ME AND BETRAY ME!"""
1	But they had to make room for Olivia Munn. She was that movie.
1	you want to fire judi dench? Ageist!
1	I for one am ashamed that the new spider man is *just* black. It's CURRENT YEAR people! Xe should clearly be a genderfluid, handicapped, bisexual black person who also identifies as wolf-kin
1	Beasts of No Nation + Civil War = Black Panther?
1	Would love to see an all female reboot with Melissa McCartney as tuco.
1	This, plus gods of egypt and world of warcraft - a weekend marathon awaits.
1	Corporations are people too, my friend.
1	that makes zero sense
1	you know its for her sacrifices, a rich or poor woman who marries a rich guy might have choosen a different career path, even though threre arent any childs
1	Yes but I only like equality when it's beneficial to me personally
1	Pixels: 3.8 stars
1	You take that back!!!! Pluto Nash was amazing!!!!
1	Thank goodness for that ET voiceover huh?!  Would've had NO idea what was going on in that teaser otherwise!!
1	Great! Another childhood favorite that's going to be ruined by shitty remakes. Cant wait
1	So I can paint abs to go to the  beach this summer ? And I thought I would have to go to the gym...
1	Quit liking things, Reddit, fuck.
1	THAT'S RACIST!!?!
1	Why did they want him to kill him faster than the disease?
1	Like a potato?
1	Yeah, just like Batman and Robin.
1	Please refer to it by its proper title........Fant4stic
1	Old Man Logan confirmed!!!!
1	Yeah, I wish they had more ugly characters for me to relate to
1	Yeah, I hate strong female characters
1	They ride on rafts and pull islands from the sea. Was pretty clear.
1	To be honest they should definitively start producing Netflix Originals pornos.
1	I don't remember him in that Sandra Bullock rom-com.
1	Well doh! We need to show more commercials to make more money, because people is leaving our channel!
1	Tom Cruise writers union ruined a bunch of TV shows; hes very selfish
1	If only he had strangled an underage prostitute like any other actor, he would've had no problems getting work again! But he had to go assault someone with power and influence in the industry instead of victimizing the marginalized like any sane Hollywood big-shot. Hope he learned his lesson.
1	Yeah Guardians of the Galaxy and The Winter Soldier are practically the same thing
1	Where's my Runescape movie? That would be so good
1	Yeah why don't people want to drink from this second well, full of features that the people have asked for, after I poisoned the first one
1	Haha, yeah, I remember everyone talking about how great the marketing was for this movie
1	Were you not only staring at the wall?
1	Pfffft ofcourse, you think I'm a noob?
1	God man, don't you know not to use logic in a Ghostbusters thread?
1	TIL watching XMen means you support pedophilia
1	"""TIL"" everyone who sees GitS is an idiot regardless."
1	Oh that's it movie ruined
1	"That explains why they called it ""Sorcerer's Stone"" in Europe"
1	Oh my god, someone had the audacity to repost something after 3 years! How dare they.
1	Empire Strikes Back reference?
1	New directors is something always happens. We don't need to worry as there is nothing wrong. Just chill, jeesh.
1	how dare you shit talk a beloved videogame that was adapted to the best movie of 2016
1	You probably laughed through all the bad parts
1	You know, I was really excited to see this movie, but now that some critic on some site, along with other critics, have given the movie bad reviews, I think I'll just pass. It's probably the smart thing to do.
1	Oh look, another reviewer who doesn't understand anything about cinema, nice.
1	Dude, spoilers.
1	Sexist!
1	CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE SHITLORD!
1	I see the issue, they actually needed 17 executive producers to break the tie
1	Which is why Will Smith was the most bankable star for nearly a decade right?
1	Stuckmann reviews almost always make the front page around here, but surprise, his C+ review of Warcraft hasn't worked its way up for some reason. I wonder why that could be?
1	This movie is just a deliberate attempt by people who say terrible things to get away from the negative flak they rightfully received when they uttered hurtful and traumatizing words ! They came to learn that their words have weight and now they want to white wash all the pain they caused with this documentary.
1	No way! TIL!
1	Man didnt see this coming
1	But Deadpool was rated R. Now ALL superhero movies must be rated R.
1	Especially when the movie industry has never made money on a movie ever!
1	Haven't you heard? It's that darn piracy that's killing the industry!
1	It's not piracy! It's a matter of not supporting a antiquated distribution model!
1	Hmm, I expected better from hweird1reviews.com!
1	As I Lay Dying
1	that reminds me, a friend warned me the same about dota2, he couldnt be more wrong though, 4000 hours and life is not ruined yet
1	of course, r/movies is the true pantheon of objective criticism these stupid critics don't understand FUN movies
1	yes one review clearly sums up what 'hacks' the rest of these critics are
1	Yeah because it flopped and had poor critical reception
1	Piracy really is killing the movie industry, they didn't even make it to a billion!
1	Theyre making a Japanese one now too?! Lol :P
1	We need black transgender Jew for this role!
1	He was black for like, the whole movie!
1	Great.
1	oh, that's cool.  As long as there's no actual Asian man involved in this movie inspired by genre founded in Japan, I'm A-OK.
1	The best part is they were not even looking for anyone to be in the movie.
1	Hey Magneto was straight Vegeta in this one. Normally he steals the villain's plans and tries to wipe out humanity. Totally different arc.
1	How can people hate this movie when it hasn't been released yet? Maybe it is like ghostbusters and they are misogynists
1	i bet it's because marvel pays em, amirite guys?
1	Dumb and Dumberer.
1	Right, because little kids don't live movies or TV shows with talking animals.
1	You mean it won't hit $2 billion? Bold claim.
1	Enchanted got a sequel?
1	I don't know why he would have disdain for Hollywood,  it seems like such a pleasant atmosphere.
1	Ah yeah, it's not like Batman to attempt to prepare something when he knowingly couldn't outrun his enemy.
1	From what i learnt in video game pr, its the 29 frames per second
1	Fuck you sexist asshole!! Fury Road is the film to define our generation!!! If you don't like it you're a mysogynistic pig!!!!
1	No thank you, logic need not apply.
1	.....And you are part of the problem.
1	I don't know, maybe we should get an Asian woman to play him.
1	What a wonderful project to attach your name to
1	Ya, why would they rebel? I mean Darth Vader and his gang seem like such nice and friendly folks.
1	Hopefully they cast Dwayne Johnson.
1	Yeah but he said more knowledgable circles.  Clearly, you aren't in them.
1	yeah but guys we can't give into PC culture!!
1	Oh my god! 4 seconds of a scene in a 2 hour movie spoiled even though this scene will probably be showed in a trailer anyway, MOVIE RUINED!
1	Wait... No Theodore Rex? I'm dissapointed
1	Yeah, in My Left Foot he was hammy as fuck
1	Yeah because Deadpool didn't fucking work out right? No one wants good movies that are taken seriously.
1	Its not marvel so it sucks!
1	Mulan Rogue you mean :p
1	You pretentious fuck.
1	but they do reshoots for every movie!
1	Why would there be a gravestone when he is so obviously the new joker in suicide squad
1	B-b-b-but pacing!
1	You guys are really making me want to watch this movie now!
1	This is an extremely dark edgy Batman so maybe that is what he said
1	The sheer hubris!  Trying to make a **war** movie with the title Star **Wars**!  Thank goodness Disney put a stop to that nonsense.
1	Cause going from British to American is an upgrade, and the other way is a downgrade
1	Yeah I mean look RDJ he is completely talentless that's why he suits the role
1	\#blacklivesmatter
1	Looks like *someone* doesn't care about gorillas.
1	Everyone knows how well male gorillas get along!
1	But what about the hype boost from Ant-Man?
1	Only if she gets more speeches like at the end of Apocalypse.
1	But they thanked everyone in the paper! Doesn't that count for anything?!
1	cool post
1	And you are?
1	Sounds like a hack.
1	And we can have all the moviegoers complaining that they ripped off Deadpool a bit
1	But but what about the dceu?
1	Because we don't have the Trump Wall yet.
1	MARVEL/DC CROSSOVER CONFIRMED
1	Merlin's Beard!!!
1	Just say that you never seen the movie, not even once. And now you have given an opinion on something that you know absolutely nothing at all about. Feel good about that moment.....
1	It's not rape if you're attractive.
1	Well since the first two negatives cancel each other out, it's really only one no and one yes. And people keep saying that positive thinking is more powerful than negative thinking, so by that logic it is true.
1	It's a Chinese film. There's so much whitewashing in Chinese cinema, I can see why they'd be upset
1	You pig!
1	What the fuck are you talking about?
1	They copied that from DC!
1	Good man, the world needs more uncle Toms.
1	Child rape is not the crime that anti-semitism is.
1	Yeah, totally sick of how we can't do blackface anymore too, damn SJWs
1	That'll teach you to have an opinion you free thinking, thought having, hive mind disagreeing, should just go back to lurking ass bitch!
1	Right, because being black automatically makes you a thug.
1	Dude, spoilers.
1	Ugh, another film set on earth, that's not original!
1	Well, remaking a 2-D film in the golden age of 3-D is a legitimate reason to remake a movie.
1	reddit is always so equal-opportunity when it comes to lesbians, how heartwarming.
1	Oh man, you're just throwing up because what the CIA is doing is sickening! The shaky camera work is to multiply that feeling!
1	How could a wedge pointed at the chest be at all dangerous?
1	I fail to see the distinction.
1	Diegetic WhiteWashing?
1	Just like I've always said, the world is only big enough for one black female superhero.
1	Rudy
1	dude they're white washing it again.
1	This is why I lost interest in Hollywood movies, because of plots like this where it's so ridiculously unbelievable it's impossible to get invested.
1	The reviewers maybe killed themselves?
1	A movie about accounting? No way they can make it exiting. I am out.
1	How dare you express a harmless opinion
1	Ghostbusters, hello!
1	YAS lit AF fam!
1	And here I was expecting SHARKNADO 4 to save the summer.
1	Oh my god. someone did an adaptation of a character that allows them to build to something better in later movies, and give them more nuance. how dare they! batman never killed in the comics or other films
1	It's all I've ever dreamed of!
1	Are you telling me that while reading the comic you didn't get the feeling batman had rooftop sex like three days prior while hunting down a unrelated criminal. Because I totally did.
1	So, jump scares?
1	Well, if it's Page Six, count it as truth
1	Gee I wonder why
1	Millennials just need to shut the fuck up and die, amirite.
1	Wasn't 'The Martian' a comedy?
1	Don't confuse us with rationality.
1	i understand everything with YT's auto translate
1	Yup, nothing creative about Steven Spielberg.
1	It ended with a period, though. So it's obviously Medivh
1	Yeah man, The Godfather II was such a pile of shit!
1	oh wow spoiler alert Superman is not dead.
1	No way man, Christian bale definitely was all natty between The Machinist and Batman Begins. That was just hard work and diet brah.
1	Wait, you're telling me Egyptians *aren't* white?
1	That's right. Things were totally fine before and if you bring up representation in media it's actually *you* who is the racist.
1	Hmmm yep hes basically Hitler. Lets crucify him!
1	Billy Batson is a chick now?
1	They took away his board.... My God he's powerless now!!
1	And Arrow!
1	That would make Robin a girl and girls aren't marketable.
1	More PC casting
1	If only they went for a more Robert Rodriguez Spy kids feel.
1	Superman is alive??? Spoiler tag, please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Just like Inception
1	Yeah, people are really hating the Wonder Woman trailer just because it's DC.
1	But it's so organic.
1	ughhh... DC fails. They can't even get the Trident right! Worst movie already!
1	Stop attacking a peaceful religion
1	I don't know, this movie is going to have a hard time passing the high bar set by Catwoman and Electra.
1	You're right, she should have just given the nearest male character a blow job instead, because that's *totally* more true to the sort of character Wonder Woman has always been.
1	Steven Seagal in Executive Decision. Getting caught between the two planes.
1	Then those must've been low expectations.
1	WTF there's like three whole colours on that poster this isn't WB / DC's real promotional material!
1	I loved Leonardo DiCaprio in Goodwill Hunting!
1	Really hoping for the first glimpse of the Harry Styles musical number at the climax of the film.
1	Yes, Christopher Nolan should've stayed away from comic book movies and never had made Batman Begins, THE DARK KNIGHT, and the Dark Knight Rises. Those were all shit movies that no one likes.
1	Because it has rape
1	It worked for the dark knight so it must work for every other film we make
1	If they're doing reshoots then it must be terrible
1	I blame bad keming on that one.
1	Yes let's have a middle eastern person strap bomb collars on to a squad and send them on a suicide mission where several things blow up. To make it more inclusive, let's have them recite the Quran while we're at it.
1	Oh yeah, obviously Star wars 7.
1	It's for disagreeing with me right?
1	Yeah, the religious commentary is brilliant.
1	i assume these arent ranked
1	They renamed indy 5 to uncharted?
1	Jared Leto is not muh Joker
1	I can't watch comedies in theaters because when other people laugh none of its funny at all anymore
1	Perfect mindset to help achieve consistent quality productions eventually
1	She was in Grey's AND she played Kate Middleton in a dreadful Lifetime movie
1	Whoah bro, slow your racist ass roll. That's *Homeless Lad of Color* to you
1	It is the new starwars movie that tells the important story of how Wedge becomes Red Leader
1	"Psh, ""A New Hope"". What a lame name. When is that one coming out?"
1	Damn right
1	Me too.  I'm just so glad our dutiful mods prevent almost anything good about DC comics from making it to the front page!
1	This movie is a bad influence on people.
1	No dude. Didn't you know that boringness is an objective qualifier for terrible film.
1	It's not racist if she does it.
1	Because it's not like there's any pressure on the telecommunications industry to improve speed and bandwidth to send bigger files faster or anything like that.
1	Because no children tried smoking before movies existed.
1	Well I'm sure this comment thread won't be a shit show
1	But Shaw runs in a straight line, therefore it's complete shit
1	north america is just sexist. this movie should be doing 500 billion strong.
1	fuck New Jersey
1	Kids should not watch news programs, then.
1	There was that space wars thing that came out last year.
1	Dude you gotta spoiler that shit!
1	Yup. Cause BvS trailers showed the ENTIRE fucking movie.
1	They added some fun text though
1	But we're the front page of the internet!
1	Must be that unrated version that got leaked.
1	THOR Star - yeah, thats something to get star trek fans hyped
1	Thanks for giving us more of the time traveling that we have definitely been asking for.
1	Has anyone heard of Inception? Criminally underrated mindfuck
1	Charm?  You mean MISOGYNY.  Bond is a murderous, rapist, misogynist.
1	No country for old men
1	A direct result of the patriarchy, thus its the fault of men again.
1	I can't wait to see an *Alien* film where all the space marines are South Africans and Sharlto Copley plays the xenomorph.
1	Come on man I thought Vince Vaughn beating off to the hole in the wall added a whole new dimension to the film!
1	Well now I don't wanna see it.
1	Star Wars is **CANCELLED**
1	Spoiler alert!
1	Spoiler alert!
1	Damn, thought it would all take place between Empire &amp; Jedi
1	I dunno...I played a lot of Excite Bike as a kid, now I ride a motorcycle. The slope is slippery, yo
1	The Twist: It was Adam Sandler and he is trying to ban all his movies from libraries to increase people buying his movies.
1	Wow this is groundbreaking. I never knew Wes Anderson framed to center! It's so subtle!  You must be the first to notice this.
1	"Hey buddy there's no reason to drag American Sniper into this. He was a true hero fighting for real freedom, not ""freedom from slavery"""
1	Oh yes, the good guys losing all the time makes extremely good television!
1	Well, I'm sure this movie will clear up any misconceptions and improve the intelligent racial dialogue we have in this country
1	He don't need to, it is about a black guy killing white people, which means that it has to be part of a liberal anti-white agenda.
1	So is her character going to be called Imhotepa?
1	Also I get really annoyed when art has a message. It's not supposed to do that
1	Hollywood doing nothing but reboots again! When will they stop milking the Birth of a Nation franchise
1	Well guys, I mean the Jewish community just wants sympathy for crimes that occurred a long time ago with people that are in jail with movies about the holocaust so they just make movies now to give Germans guilt.
1	Ahhh so that justifies the lynchings and killing.
1	I'm 24 and I loved Johnny Quest growing up, so that one point in your well typed out response is invalid. Therefore, every opinion you have from here on out is also invalid.
1	Well obviously this pic was taken with a zoom lens. Problem solved.
1	Not provocative enough. Nate is really holding out on us this time
1	Gender appropriation!
1	Darkseid is such a ripoff of Thanos, isn't he?
1	The Death Star looks shopped in too.  Fake and gay.
1	It didn't effect me so it was a perfect time !
1	What a great way to judge a movie.
1	And this entire time I thought Oscar Issac was Guatemalan.
1	1998 Godzilla
1	And the yellow ranger is supposed to be asian. Damn SJWs ruin everything!!
1	"Isnt ""fun"" reserved for Marvel movies?"
1	Right, it totally wasn't representative of dozens more.  My bad!
1	Too bad the movie makers don't have hair and makeup teams whose sole purpose on a film is to make people look different than their normal, everyday selves. Too bad, what a missed opportunity.
1	"He really does look like a ""honkey muhfuh"""
1	Why? Roland probably just stopped at the laundromat for a quick wash and dry, and then ironed his shirt so it looked presentable for following an evil madman across the desert.
1	Maybe they can replace him with a gay character.
1	Once again, Hollywood has raped my childhood!
1	but... but... she only makes fat joke!
1	Yeah, no men are being vocal about this movie on the internet, that's for sure
1	Isn't Disney based in the US? Can't trust them now.
1	Where is Ezra Millers poster, ain't he supposed to be the red one?
1	Go back to your basement you shitlord!
1	Christ what an asshole!
1	Michael Bay
1	Because it's handdrawn? Yeah, absolutely.
1	FUCKING SEXISTS!!!
1	Well, obviously, a women can write about men and know everything about how a man is likely to act and react to things and why, but men can't do the opposite.
1	Maybe it'll be in the announced extended edition
1	But omg, he works so hard!!
1	Dont you mean pacinos last good movie was jack and jill? Because that movie was soooooo good i mean adam sandler played a boy and a girl it was hilarious
1	My time is precious.
1	Also, the *best* actor.
1	It has Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone; you are supposed to go see it regardless of the plot.  Get with the program.
1	Non-white male who was unremarkable looking, and by virtue of that, an expendable side note
1	Yeah, why are these movies about slavery so racist against white people?
1	You clearly didn't know that all the good reviews come from feminazi shills, though.
1	Yes, because everyone's review is *special* and *unique* and unlike any other review out there.
1	I saw the trailer and that's literally her entire character for the whole the movie.
1	Because humour is objective and things are either funny or not funny no exceptions.
1	Sounds like the perfect modern feminism film then
1	But star wars isn't futuristic, it takes place a long time ago, (in a galaxy far far away..)
1	I want Jai Courtney
1	clearly Roper is a sexist who hates women.
1	He's probably just a Donald Trump fan, that's why he didn't like it
1	Yeah it only did 422 million in box office after all
1	This sounds like a comment you can trust
1	What about Tom Bambadil?
1	But they look so similar!
1	Clearly an opinion matters only if it matches the agenda
1	So, Mr. Roeper, why do you hate women so much?
1	SEXIST!!!
1	Check your white male privilege at the door, you sexist pig.
1	Give Marvel the rights back!
1	well Nolan is top five of all time sooooo
1	Don't forget about the paid shills! Surely, Sony is paying off the lot of the positive reviewers!
1	But even then, remember Saddam *wasn't that bad*
1	I hope he gets around to doing more period-piece revenge porn
1	Helicopter Gambit was best Gambit dammit!
1	It'd still be better than Ghostbusters (2016).
1	But how else can people justify others having a different opinion than themselves?
1	Oh, you know, people.
1	For the *love of God* don't say that. The nitpickers will devour you alive. You can *only say it's a shitty movie* after you've seen it. Because obviously trailers aren't an indicator in this case. And don't go around speaking like you *know*, eh? It's a capital offense.
1	Hey man. Disney paid people off. Civil War sucked. BvS for life!
1	The fact he has a brand new Bentley has nothing to do with his review.
1	Dude, that's crazy talk
1	Sexist rag you mean.
1	No, honestly! Every other review is gonna be awful! It's gonna pound it down to 7%! THIS MOVIE IS BAD AND NO REVIEWS WILL CHANGE MY MIND
1	What a sexist review. Women do everything better than men.
1	No no no... the movie was great, we are just all too misogynistic to realize it.
1	Obviously EW is the pinnacle of sexist journalism.
1	Yeah fuck opinions!
1	excellent, fuck the world, only the guys on the con are paying for their movies in cinemas.
1	There is no Zin-mi, no family. Westerners made up the whole thing. Go ahead, look.
1	If they aren't bashing men in the movie then it's not good enough!
1	Don't you guys have enough blood on your hands to deal with?
1	yup we've made a full recovery and the economy is as strong as ever
1	because he'd be very public on twitter if they were.
1	What are you talking about? It's the best way to advertise and get people to watch your movie: by calling everyone who dislikes what the trailers show a misogynist and a sexist! That'll SURELY draw the crowds to the movie!
1	It's their turn.
1	Yea but it has an all female cast - so it's perfectly fine.
1	it's 2016 bro
1	_obviously_ they're making the movie for non-sexists. if you don't like the movie then you're sexist!
1	ya but its progressive sexism/racism!
1	IIRC when they jumped they left holes in the air for Sam Jackson to follow them through. That has to be what he is talking about
1	the problem i see is none of them were overweight or just full on wackadoodle so they can't have been portraying REAL women
1	But dude, what about the sexual liberation of women? It's acceptable for women to gawk at men, in fact it's seen as just a little bit of harmless fun. Men can never gawk at women without just turning them into sexualised objects though, because men are sexist scum!
1	4 white guys? What are you? Racist!?
1	men in this film are a great example that women don't need to put men down to feel empowered.
1	But... But... But womyns!!  It has to be good because the womyns!  Everyone here is just a cishet white male who hates womyn.
1	Oh, you'd like to do that, wouldn't you Mr. Man
1	Ghostbusters 2016 sucks? I am surprised and baffled
1	thats only okay if they are white! duhhh
1	Maybe thats why we never heard of you yet.
1	"Hey, they're going to get great ""exposure"" from that tiny indie movie. Who needs to get paid!"
1	Brave words from a bold man. What a visionary
1	Spoiler alert.
1	Pretend racism doesn't exist and it will just go away. Problem solved.
1	More than OITNB?!
1	The costumes suck, evidently this movie will be crap.
1	stop being homophobic we can't let the normal people forget that gay people exist and are TOTALLY NORMAL
1	They said the same thing about Heath ledger.
1	But this isn't the same Sulu. When old Spock went back in time it created an alternate reality where he became gay at that time. Duh!
1	Yeah, why can't we only have white men in film?  All this pandering to different races and genders is driving me crazy.
1	What do you mean? How else would we know he's mentally unstable?
1	We should just never add any gay characters!
1	Yep. That's a good sign when your movie is so bad, the digital projector becomes self aware and stops working when it has to play your shitty movie.
1	A Star Trek in the spirit of the TV franchises? No way, nobody saw those or liked them.
1	All I care about is their sexual orientations.
1	It makes sense that Cho's character be gay in a nod to Takei. Now all we need is for Takei's twitter feed to be straight for a while in a nod to Cho
1	Yeah, because 'Gulliver's Travels' was THE BEST.
1	You just have to shut off your brain for 2 hours it's just a movie
1	Yeah, what subhuman trash, linking to the article in a top comment. Obviously they want to hide the truth.
1	What a homophobe. Check your privilege shitlord.
1	Yeah but she's not REALLY lesbian because her slug is a boy.
1	They're gonna CGI some breasts onto his love interest.
1	typical asian potato queen! ugh!
1	I agree. Let's make everyone straight and white, resembling the world as it should be.
1	Oh shit. Time to fix your gaydar!
1	His performance was stellar in Rocky and Bullwinkle for sure!
1	Running a whale wash.....its like they were working from the same script
1	Those are the best ones! semi
1	Leslie Jones.
1	Well this obviously means that she's part of the conspiracy.
1	Read the article?!  Why would anyone do that when they can come straight to the comments instead.
1	Wow!  So many movies!
1	Totally not exploiting a recent tragic event
1	Heeyoooo!!! Burn alert!!!
1	Because Disney needs to advertise on a subreddit for a movie that everyone wanted to see since the title was announced
1	It's only homage when Tarantino does it, right?
1	The south will rise again.
1	So what women can't participate in panty raids? I though it was the current year.
1	Huh.........I'm partial to Norm of the North myself
1	They are obviously trying to capture the DOOM crowd and capitalize on the release of the new game.
1	Would have been a pretty pointless translation if the giant wasn't big.
1	"""I thought it stood for the Big Fucking Giant"""
1	Yes, apparently Karl Urban only excels as an actor if his face is half-obscured by a helmet.
1	Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man
1	Well, TIL about my culture.
1	Nope, just needed a snickers
1	You dropped this:
1	Great clickbait site.
1	I find the cinematography in the intermission to be lacking, quite disappointing frankly
1	Are saying you don't see it?  It's pretty clear. It a product designed to clean up your mess so you don't have to deal with it. It's practically housecleaning welfare
1	You must be godly looking
1	well star wars episode 4 was pretty good
1	Yeah, half his torso is probably filled with empty space or redundant fluid or something. He's an alien so anything goes
1	You spelled plot hole two different ways.  What a plot hole that is.
1	because teh voice actor is Black, so jar jar is a racist cartoon, am i rite guise ?
1	"Yea... he probably wrote that word into the script thinking ""I have no idea what this means hhahaha""."
1	Nah, man, Avatar was great!
1	Me
1	What are you talking about!? Doomsday was the most fully realized antagonist of any movie in the past 10 years. His motives were clear, his plan devastatingly cunning and he earned his brief win. You genuinely felt bad for him even when he was laying waste to an abandoned island. Let's stop this pointless debate and write WB for a stand alone ~~cave troll~~ Doomsday movie post haste.
1	And then that's probably why I don't watch any of the fast and furious films. Car chases aren't my thing. Oh well guess I'm missing out
1	You think that would be the case? that maybe if the movie was better it would be better recieved? no way bro.
1	Nah man, you have to be 100% original or you're a shitty writer. That's why I hate Shakespeare, or as I like to call him, Fakespeare.
1	I know man. Also music made after 2001 sucks!
1	Can confirm, am Mormon, have 0 friends.
1	What would he know about bad movies?
1	Yeah, they don't even speak the actual mayan language. Literally unwatchable!
1	Still, he ***FOUGHT***, you understand?!?!
1	Don't interrupt the circlejerk.
1	Star Wars had never used movies to sell toys before Disney bought them, they ruined it.
1	I like how the entire plot recycles itself in the middle of the 2nd act
1	Sounds like somebody scuffed yo shoes, man. Fuck 'im up!
1	Yeah the Emperor showing up in a movie where the Empire is at it's peak would have been gratuitous
1	Damn what a fall from grace
1	They show Bruce Wayne's mom and dad getting killed outside the theater.  For some reason, they decided to exit the theater in an dark alley at night in crime ridden Gotham.
1	It's been longer than a few hours dude. Lighten up.
1	Just replace him with a black actor.  His skin color isn't important to the story.
1	Yeah, but that's ***all***
1	Great, it's that Deadpool ripoff
1	Well Pluto Nash did so well decades later
1	Good that it's only another two months till it comes to Germany
1	Does not have colorful birds with rehashed pop music. No thanks.
1	I remember ranma 1/2 having a couple of episodes like that
1	Because what does that story matter?
1	Goddamn it!
1	That's why he makes the big bucks.
1	But there are women in it, didn't you listen??
1	NUT OBVIUS U FUKIN WITE SIS MAIL!
1	Halle Berry played Catwoman?
1	I think you forgot mila Kunis and her stunning portrayal of the wicked witch
1	Yeah, knowing you don't look good bald and then starting to lose hair is...delightful.
1	You've forgotten them a week later anyway. Better get hyped for the next one though because this time it's gonna have *real* consequences.
1	Django Unchained couldn't get made today.
1	How about you make like a screen door on a battleship and get outta here?
1	It's spawned some of the dankest movie memes though and that's all that matters
1	That may have just been him responding to a fan. Or to Jim Carrey.
1	yeah i also really enjoy that they completely changed his character in Zack Snyder's MurderVerse.
1	Oh come now, the Japanese were just super advanced at special effects! Haven't you seen the Godzilla movies from back then???
1	because that's the only french movie with nudity in it
1	I'm shocked. I thought for sure he'd celebrate it as a great humanitarian act worthy of a Nobel prize
1	Never heard of it
1	But she's playing a negative black stereotype in the movie. We people of reddit don't like seeing black people portrayed negatively.
1	She was the most high profile unfunny woman in *Ghostbusters* and that's the justification in some people's minds. So you know, clearly the punishment fits the crime.
1	You're right. Guess we won't be needing all these Iron Man toys anymore.
1	Hey, they're just a casual heroin user. Nothing wrong with that.
1	The Sopranos seems to work well after Goodfellas
1	It's ok, I've got an answer to this problem. An all female Oceans Eleven! It's going to be awesome
1	I'm sure the reddit discussion on this film will be pretty fun and very even tempered.
1	Who could have seen that coming?
1	The same box set without the Hobbit movies will be $1000.
1	Cannibal: the Musical
1	But what about that Ben-hur remake that everybody was super excited for?
1	That's why the film flopped, no homosexual themes that nobody even notice in the original remake until those letters  came out years later , and is still argued about whether it was intentional or not.
1	I agree.  The third one didn't have enough Alfrid in women's clothes
1	Dissapointed to not see Jackie Chan
1	Not trying to be racist but Jackie Chan's double looks identical.
1	Thanks, we'll definitely consider this!
1	Oh boy, I can't wait for some unrealistic, hyper-romanticized version of childhood love/crushes to be violently forced down my throat
1	Fuck well water.  Too much iron.
1	Don't forget Part 3!
1	Don't you know that obviously fake gore and blood is a million times worse than hardcore porn?
1	Nice job respecting his opinion while offering yours.
1	Yeah, an organization with a billion members who annually do more charitable contributions than pretty much anyone else. So much trash.
1	Another remake nobody asked for bombed!! Whaaaat?
1	Reported for hate speech against my fellow Gingers... we make up less than 2% of then entire human population. That makes us one of the smallest minority groups around, ya RACIST.
1	Gotta love America. Filthy jokes? R-rated. Ultra-violence? G. with blood, PG. with brains and gore and one shot of boobs OR saying a swear word, PG-13.
1	"At my old job they had us ask to take bathroom breaks. I told my boss ""hey, I'm running to the bathroom"" he said ""you know you can use the bathroom on break"" which was an hour before this point and an hour and half away til the next one and no one cared when you went but he seemed quite aggravated today. So I just looked at him confused and said ""yeaa.. and if I need to use the bathroom during break I will."" Then I took a nice 45 min poop"
1	But his family died in the Holocaust and his pregnant wife was murdered! Cut him some slack, you guys!
1	"She threw a cup of piss at someone's face. Doubt she cares about her ""reputation"" at this point."
1	i know right? one would think reddit would be more tolerant towards child rapists
1	But disco! Isn't disco just fucking HILARIOUS?
1	Was Deer Hunter really better than Shampoo?
1	Oh, so just because he's black he's shifty and second-best to a white man? RACIST!
1	Yeah you're the only one, hence why it made $100 million dollars, most people must think it's terrible
1	Also known as Lights Out.
1	Goodness me, how WILL audiences cope ............. ?
1	Yes, because there's no way that Disney let him say this
1	Have you seen Toy Story ? He is by far not the worst part of that movie.
1	They're gonna do one 3-hour movie, and then leak out the rest of the footage as a televised miniseries over the next 9 months to bide time until the next Marvel superhero extravaganza.
1	But jerking another guy is gross and weird!
1	The Shawshank Redemption is pretty good but you've probably never heard of it.
1	What about Inglorious Bastards
1	I had no idea that movie was even happening until a few days ago when I saw a trailer that included a quote of endorsement from Joel Osteen, so count me in.
1	Also the color of the napkins you can't see on the table represent his sorrow during the scene. It really shows through when the camera cuts out because just like how we can't see the characters, Conner can't see through his own flaws.
1	Because MaryJane looking accurate to the comic is hands down, more important than anything going on in the world.
1	I agree, who the hell could like that piece of shit
1	yeah because those are so hard to find
1	And Del Toro *knew* this. That's why he's Mexico's Brad Pitt.
1	I always wanted to see the dead bodies in 3D. To really feel like I am there with them.
1	Oh great. This should be fun.
1	And we all know women of color don't wear wigs
1	I wonder if he got tricked into this aswell.
1	This will be the happiest go lucky show out there.
1	Shut up you big fat SJW meanie!
1	Peter wouldn't be able to carry her if she was.
1	Well its been a long time since there was a controversial casting choice in hollywood to fire up reddit
1	Dont forget the mysterious cut scenes that must be great and totally redeeming to the whole movie
1	That's not comparing apples to oranges. Seems like a coherent argument.
1	Yeah that one good movie not those pieces of shit like Fight Club, Panic Room, Mr. Nobody and Dallas Buyers Club.
1	So you're not excited about the Ben Hur reboot?
1	Probably should have used
1	Superman looking depressed while saving people? How inspiring!
1	Should have been Chris Pratt!
1	Having to watch Ghost Dad is worse than getting raped.
1	If we make more mess == more jobs == economy fixed.
1	I did what I thought deadpool would do and left my shit anyway.
1	Have fun ruining the horror movie for yourself.
1	I too like to watch a Godzilla movie where they pan away from almost every fight.
1	Hey wouldn't it be great if they made it a Netflix/HBO miniseries?
1	Because the board game is at the peak of popularity and the old movie was an absolute disaster.
1	Wait...Ben-Hur is going to flop?!  Really?!  Man, I did not see this one coming.  Not in a million years.
1	That's not enough! I demand to know when the studio heads will have their lunch where they decide how big the reshoots will be!
1	Am I the only one thats a little disappointed that hollywood is going to ruin yet another classic film with another shitty remake?
1	Trickle down economics WORKS!!!
1	They could always CGI it.
1	Because a woman could never, has never written a sexually disturbing scene in any way.
1	B but it was *intentional* you idiot! You just didn't *get* it
1	Yeah you're right better to do nothing at all
1	LOL NICE.
1	Yeah, because theres nothing different about those two situations. Nothing at all.
1	spoilers dude!!!!!!!!!
1	It's shaped like a contact lens because they're opening our eyes and making it clear that Bush did 9/11
1	Of course he did. He implied she couldn't act. The Academy members who nominated her for Best Actress in Pride and Prejudice must have all been wrong!
1	No! Don't you see?!?! The patterns they translate to binary which when decoded explains the entire of plot of the next seventeen DC movies!!!!!!!
1	Not ham fisted at all.
1	But Warcraft doing bad was deserved.
1	So there's hope we can finally get a movie about the origin of Spiderman?
1	You know i can't wait until The Hateful Eight is added as well. A masterpiece for sure.
1	Toxic masculinity!
1	Batman does something most people couldn't even conceive of doing. That's not Batman like at all!
1	No don't you understand! They got temporary PTSD from all the guns!
1	We definitely needed another post about Suicide Squad.
1	People study acting?
1	So then we aren't counting the guy who went skydiving without a parachute?
1	They really should have fit more cuts into that video.
1	Yes, that's a very appropriate reaction to inconvenient media. No need for links to news as it happens or posts from important people while on Reddit, the front page of the internet.
1	Oh yeah, cause digital cameras don't need to be focused, right?
1	Do you think they could have had some more cuts? It was too easy to follow the jump with so few cuts.
1	Yeah, it's brilliant in that way.
1	The joker possessed him and *made* him OD. Duh.
1	Think they needed a few more quick cuts on the final jump
1	Are you sure that isn't just the movie?
1	But it's so wrong though :D
1	I thought it was the Apollo Moon landing.
1	No, everybody hated it, that's why it was a critical and commercial failure
1	Nice grasp of the English language
1	Mmmm, minors...
1	You're right! How dare people post news related to the people who pay for the movies we watch! In fact, why are people posting so much about this Kenny Baker dying?
1	Gods of Egypt will make a strong showing in that category
1	Obviously she's getting paid less because she chose a different career path than her male counterparts
1	What? That's absurd, how the hell could a rag tag group of rebels outsmart the empire and steal the plans? Doesn't seem realistic.
1	ALRIGHT! Maybe they can introduce Brainiac and make him nothing like the comic books, then Superman can break his neck in the last 10 seconds.
1	No, it's not as long as the woman is little more than a passive sex object. That's _realism._
1	Like in Star Wars
1	hey has anybody seen this underrated gem stranger things on Netflix ? it seems as if no one is talking about it . it is very simlar to et and 80s nostalgia is pretyy good .
1	Wow i bet no one saw this coming.
1	This movie comes before episode 4, this is a break from our current place the the timeline (the next episode chronologically would be 8). I sincerely hope you understand now because you will be confused watching the movie in december
1	bro i know right?
1	But what about the sequels?
1	What about the Flintstones?
1	Nah mate, V for Vendetta is pretty much a spiritual successor to Star Trek
1	I'm just waiting for the Death Star 4.
1	oh come on, why not ask that he massacre a roomful of children?
1	Wow it's almost like that show would've been wildly expensive back in the 60s o.O who knew
1	Wait, they will let them go away with destroying 30 % of the planet?
1	Fucking george lucas ruining everything, that's how
1	Damn teenagers. I'm glad *I* wasn't like that when I was younger.
1	Further proof that predominantly male-led movies are box office duds.
1	How dare you state your subjective opinion about which one you prefered! Get the pitchforks lads!
1	Alright. Which one of you cock suckers didn't watch the movie?
1	Damn white people all look alike
1	"Can't wait for the ""Ruined my childhood!"" crowd to get their hands on this one."
1	It was supposed to go off as sarcasm, but I guess its my fault for not adding
1	I'm shocked
1	Personally, I don't car about what you love.
1	bald men need to be made fun of right?
1	Clearly that's why the movie bombed so hard it lost $70 million.
1	Gee, that was unexpected.
1	Thanks, misogyny!
1	I'm glad you're getting the real point of the movie.
1	I don't care about this movie, but the whole obsession with seeing this movie fail is strange. There have been far worse movies (and more successful) out there that haven't seen this kind of outrage. Y'all call SJWs sensitive, but can't seem to stop ranting about being called sexist for not liking this movie. Because we all know being called sexist is like the most oppressive thing ever, I really hope someone was there for you guys in those difficult times.
1	Sweet! Another reboot. Just what we need.
1	Now listen here you cis male scum. You are the bigot the ***REAL*** ghost busters is a wonderful film about woman empowerment. You're just scared that the film industry might not be controlled by the patriarchy any more after this master piece. It's because of people like you that women and POC have had such a hard time making it in the film industry. Now check your privilege before you trigger me.
1	Society is sexist!
1	DAMN YOU MISOGYNY!!!!!
1	the patriarchy at work!
1	We did it reddit!
1	What are you talking about?  It only made a $180 million at the box office, that proves that no one wanted to see it.
1	Yeahhh, but at least there were no straight cis males!
1	Clearly the the entire world is just sexist for not liking this film.
1	It only didnt profit because everyone who didnt pay to go see it is a women hating scumbag.
1	Aww hell naw!
1	Proof that girls are not funny.
1	That's what happens when you send a woman to do a mans job. amiright?
1	It is all the Bernie Bros fault
1	Well your niece clearly has a case of internalized misogyny.
1	Color me surprised.
1	Crucify all the critics who give DC movies negative reviews!!
1	Didn't you read all the other replies? It's really because you're desperate for your daddy's love and are willing to go home with anyone that validates you.
1	plow?  plow what?  The driveway?  please kind sir be more specific.
1	iono man i mean while BvS was shit theatrically and DC, Watchmen was shit theatrically but AMAZING DC... i think he just doesnt get the freedom he wants. i blame the producers for BvS because we all know how well DC makes movies
1	But the prequels had great ideas!
1	Boy, they don't know what they are missing not casting the supporting actress of such revered cinematic hallmarks as *House on Haunted Hill*, *Final Destination 2*, and *Resident Evil: Afterlife*.
1	"What the fuck are you talking about when you say ""rewound""? Like select the first scene before taking out the movie? Dvd players have their own individual memory, not the discs. So it will always start from the beginning given that it hasn't been played in that player before."
1	"I think that issue was called ""The Force Awakens."""
1	Cause shut up.
1	Yeah fuck Leto!!! He should have fucking died like Ledger did!!!!!
1	They should make a pg13 version of this movie like they did Deadpool.
1	Obviously the need to throw more banter and moder music to it.
1	Jeremy Renner is in it.
1	It also got compared to Dungeons &amp; Dragons, compared to an animated advertisement for an iPhone app game, and called the worst movie of the year. But the critics were being fair.
1	But what about mad max : genesys?
1	That's so pretentious... lets remake the movie just to teach him some humility!
1	At this point Hollywood ought to just throw caution to the wind and remake all successful films after a period of no later than 5 years.
1	I am sure they loved the live rats and anal beads
1	Good. Because, as he said himself, men just aren't funny and it shows that this was directed by a man.
1	Hey, let's just do a remake of Charlie's Angels with 3 super effeminate dudes too while we're at it.
1	Ya but it didn't have more women so there wasn't a reason to get up in arms despite that one being worse.
1	Because nobody knows those other actors and their mouths dont Match up with what they say 100%, literally unwatchable
1	This is clearly too political, shut it down!
1	It's not okay for the poor kids either. Their ears are much more sensitive than adult's. Hearing damage, emotional trauma from loud scary noises? Yay
1	But what about the NSA they will still know?
1	Speaking of which, have you heard about this underrated gem Dredd? Not many people on this sub talk about it.
1	Who the hell looks at ratings on a cartoon?
1	As a theater worker who already saw parents outraged at Deadpool, which was advertised even more obviously as an adult movie, I can't wait.
1	The Star Wars Prequels!
1	Indonesia is inherently hilarious.
1	An actor known for being the pretty boy was cast as the Joker? That'll NEVER work...
1	don't cut yourself on all that edge
1	Yeah, it's really incredible how people downvote posts that suck!
1	Holy shit black people and Latinos go to movies
1	They should make a public apology and issue refunds + damages for having wasted the time of moviegoers.
1	Stop it!! He's damaged! You don't understand him!
1	Nah man, Superman totally killed those soldiers with bullets. He flicked them at them to show how much of a god he is compared to us lowly humans.
1	You want a coherent plot written by people who have a basic understanding of the character franchise? How absurd.
1	Maybe they will lose money.
1	This seems a bit political mods
1	yeah, the american weapon destroying a lot of major cities instead of an alien destroying the two major cities is obviously better
1	This guy is a genius
1	Do you have any evidence to back that up?!!!
1	But, as everyone knows, nobody gives a shit about animation in 2016! It's all gotta be in real life, with real actors, and *reeeeeeaaaaaallllll* effects!
1	It's actually [Weekend At Bernie's]
1	Yeah everyone knows Snyder cut 30 min out of his own film, creating holes in the narrative that made him a pariah in the eyes of the fans. That so Snyder lol
1	Great... We Americans will have to learn more about history to appreciate a movie.
1	But black people can't be racist towards whites!
1	Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad
1	YEAH Fuck them
1	What a marvelous job she's doing then!
1	They are getting checks from marvel and disney , i guessed you missed the announcement
1	Is this film called Tom Hanks or is it called Sully?
1	Oh, that would have put the asses in seats!
1	Radical Islam obviously.
1	What do you mean? The new Ghostbusters is *literally* the worst movie of all time and everyone involved should be culled.
1	I just want a decent Superman movie... like, with actual character development and stuff. I want to like the movie not based on the fact I like the pre-existing character, but because the movie makes me care about Clark Kent and his (weird and different from most people) struggles. Superpowers, but he's still got to fit in at school, he still hangs out with friends, he's got to adjust to the city, he's still got to try and win over the girl... but no, moping around all moody and stuff is enjoyable and artsy to some people.
1	Need to read that book again knowing it's based on the guy who played spiderman
1	Yeah Margot Robbie should cover up. And what are they thinking getting the guy from Fresh Prince?
1	So I also found this one bad review on Google News. Put that on your todo list.
1	What a shitty move, for them to protect their brand and continue to integrate their cinematic universe in a way that's rewarding for fans, enriches the content, and has served them well for the better part of a century
1	Pussy.
1	Only if aliens are included, otherwise all bets are off!
1	of course.
1	Have you *seen* National Treasure?
1	Now, that's an original casting choice
1	A film directed by George Lucas would have been a mess if he'd had total creative control? Nah, I can't imagine that!
1	Nah man, people who shop at Hot Topic aren't interested in athletics.
1	Straight Outta Compton with the Kings, Dodgers, and Raiders gear.
1	This should be deleted since it only puts more controversy to the whole Ghostbusters-discussion
1	THOUGHT POLICE! You've posted a video that mildly criticizes the work of women which is a threat against all women's lives. Mods remove this thread at once as my feels are more important than their opinions!
1	Maybe they did montage to set the stage for a possible flashback to another timeline where Jim Howlett is with the unit.
1	I for one am shocked
1	"Can you use the word ""edgy"" a few more times to describe it?  I don't think this was enough."
1	Literally the worst movie ever made. It has so so much Liam Neeson in it it's not even redeemable.
1	Marvel is paying reviewers to can the DCEU, duh
1	Silence, peasant. You don't know what discussion is good and/or appropriate. The glorious people on the right side of history will tell you what you may or may not discuss.
1	Yeah. Women hate that!
1	Yeah like renaming Cincinnati to Harambe City
1	822 supporters and counting, the revolution is now!
1	"Well then, I vote ""Pulp Fiction""."
1	That's such a great way to tell the world that you have faith in your product
1	"Or you could just read his tattoos! ""Damaged"", ""HA HA HA HA"". Get it?"
1	Careful, try not to cut yourself on that edge.
1	Darn, I was hoping 4kids would get the rights
1	Are you kidding? Marvel movies are cinematic achievements and are a perfect balance of entertainment and fan service. They're untouchable.
1	Just because people decided it was literally the worst movie ever 18 months before it was released doesn't mean it was due to bias!
1	Bro, cosmorocks said so! That's all the reason you need!
1	How dare you have your own opinion and try to intelligently state that opinion.
1	Just because she thinks women earn less than men because of a conscious decision to doesn't mean she's crazy
1	How dare everyone rip off the 3 act structure.
1	Towns too. Looks like they have a lot of work to do.
1	They gotta be objective, man!
1	Cause they're waiting to get the license back
1	Yeah but they didn't serve me a portion of foreshadowing on a silver platter so it doesn't count.
1	In the future, Black Lives Matter!
1	Like ghostbusters?
1	Hey, pipe down -- we're circlejerking about how much Zack Snyder sucks over here
1	Stupid Americans with their overweight Kaiju and bad posture
1	It's not underrated enough
1	It seems he and Efron should be in comedy duo movie.
1	Yeah, all anime looks the same.
1	TIL someone got paid for King Kong
1	"""I'm sexually attracted to a gender that I've never seen that does not exist where I am from"" makes way more sense. They need to stop pushing this gay agenda"
1	I love Sally Field in this era. What was her job in the movie? Been awhile. How could she afford it?!?
1	You're just a butthurt christian.
1	The Raid 2 isn't on here and neither is Hard Boiled. Invalid
1	You mean the one with John Brolin?
1	Hopefully they stick to the source material!
1	Sure, didn't you know that GotG was the first movie ever to include popular music in the film?
1	Starring Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt! One holds the blue portal gun, the other the orange... Can they escape together and find true love along the way?
1	I agree, Super 8 was a terrible film.
1	"What?! you didn't like the great jared leto's ""hunka hunka"" ? You fucking monster."
1	Hoping for a Breaking Bad bacon birthday scene
1	C'mon Fellini and Von Trier practically go together!
1	An all female reboot of the lion king is required.
1	Pssh, I only watch extended, uncut, director's cut editions of films. I watch the original uncut version of Das Boot like a short film.
1	You trying to say that being the President isn't American enough?
1	It has men kissing that's not safe for anyone
1	I hope they give him a bigger gun this time!
1	Oscar hopeful film popping in on a limited release just before the end of the year? Never heard of such a tactic.
1	You might also be interested in watching this small niche film about a man from a wealthy family who, after experiencing a tragedy, goes on a pilgrimage of self discovery and comes back to his home town with ambitions of making it a better place. Not sure if you've heard of it, but it's called *Batman Begins*.
1	Shhhh, this about how the main star has a family because of these movies, not about how some families don't have theirs because of these movies.
1	Nice to see Marvel adding more asian perverts.
1	Didn't you know everything will be shit no matter what? Even if YOU enjoyed it, it's still shit.
1	I guess that makes the third one a political thriller!
1	The new *ghostbuster*? Which one?
1	What show is this from?
1	Aaaaand there's another Studio Ghibli production I'm going to be forced to go see.  Poor me.
1	Of course. Did they not see the high demand for a remake of *Ben-Hur*?
1	Yeah but it's 30 year old made for tv movie effects aren't up to par with the 100 million dollar movies of today
1	You do realize that it takes a zombie apocalypse for a white girl to get it going with an Asian guy?
1	You should have taken her to see Gone Girl
1	NSFW, gawd.
1	That is sexist talk. Pratt's boobs might be smaller and less perkier than Jennifer's but all boobs are beautiful and deserve to be treated the same man, or you're a sexist piece of shit with a small dick.
1	what do you mean? there's a role for asian men that's not karate? Or a role for asian women that's not a docile, submissive, but sexually curious into white men?
1	It worked for her in Ghost World... why shouldn't it work for her in every single film she's starred in since then, regardless of genre, plot, character development or context!
1	Safe to say Avi Arad plucked her from obscurity based on her acting potential and not just because of his relationship to the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
1	Oh come on, the live action DBZ couldn't be that bad.
1	She's a celebrity, I deserve to see her nekkid 'cause I've pirated three of her films and she makes me feel funny in my pants!
1	Well, know we know the big secret Chris Pratt had to tell JLaw.  Thanks for the spoiler alert.
1	Yes, all Japanese secretely wish they were white.
1	Woaw, a girl who likes Idiocracy, you must be a pilot or something.
1	How much longer until they pull the stereotyping character out of the film?
1	Wait, that makes no sense. Safer to just remake it with an American cast.
1	Hopefully we'll get a much better orange and blue poster with cool fonts and floating heads!
1	Nah, he's a hack. Lightning only struck thrice.
1	I'd much rather they just did all those scenes with a british accent for some reason
1	It'll never hold up to the caliber of such cinematic masterpieces as God's Not Dead and God's Not Dead 2!
1	But Ant-Man turning giant was TOTALLY real.
1	r/hailcorporate
1	Look for 'virtue signalling', which is something liberals do to show other liberals how good they are, and definitively **not** something radical conservatives do to show how radical they are
1	Now you just spoiled it for him.
1	I feel sorry Brad most of all. Poor guy gets rid of his wife, which he apparently didn't much want, and a bunch of kids. All he has to show for it is his fame and freedom. Poor man really. Also it'll probably be difficult for him to get back into the dating game at his age.
1	Because only edgy liberal teens care about their privacy being violated.
1	How tf can I go to work now!?!?!?
1	Yeah, because Star Trek is for abnormal people.
1	Dude.  Clearly anyone who can be fooled into giving up their password deserves to have pictures of their sex life posted all over the internet.  I mean come on, they were practically asking for it.
1	And yet, the move STILL wont make any money!
1	Are you implying that people will show up to a movie if the female lead isn't 95% naked? Well sir, I'll have you know that you're just way off.
1	You just want everything handed to you on a silver platter don't you? This man has given you the *tools* to find this, now go succeed. Freaking millennials, sheesh.
1	Wow you're right, I never though of it like that! You've changed my whole view! This movie DOES blow!
1	It's sooo old! xD
1	I hear people keep throwing pizzas on the roof.
1	Yeah, that never happened. Don't know what you're talking about.
1	Yeah, this is totally gonna end well
1	Maybe if we're lucky they'll team up Leto and Eisenberg.
1	lets have another raptor-human-trex nod! that was fucking cinema history!!
1	Said every Chris Brown/Bill Cosby fan ever. But it's ok cause they're black
1	Disney paid off the audience
1	This
1	It's okay because it happened to a man.
1	Requiem for a Dream
1	Yeah they should just be grateful for all that vile criticism and child molesting!
1	Finally, a conspiracy Oliver Stone is a part of.
1	But a live action remake of The Little Mermaid sounds like such a good idea!
1	OH MY GOD, HE MUST HAVE AN ANTI-DC AGENDA! START WRITING THE PETITIONS! WE MUST KICK MR. STUCKMANN OFF THE INTERNET!!!
1	have we seen any kryptonian do that? maybe kryptonians cant smile! take that DCE haters!
1	That's why I refused to watch any of the Thor movies or Black Swan. Natalie Portman is still being taken advantage of by sick older men.
1	But the fight scenes were so engaging! Didn't you see all those explosions? Who cares whether we like the main character? He's Superman! You HAVE to like him regardless of the little characterization he's given!
1	I can't wait for them to create a whole Spawn cinematic universe!
1	But I thought superman died
1	Yeah, if there's one thing Reddit hates, it's the sexualization of women!!
1	Oh boy
1	i hope zach snyder is directing it!
1	It's a woman so it doesn't count!!
1	How could that be possible if Superman died at the end of Batman vs. Superman?!?!?! WHAT A TWIST THAT WOULD BE IF HE CAME BACK
1	Tell that to Chris Stuckmann
1	Wait, you mean Superman didn't really die at the end of BvS? Who woulda thunk it.
1	YOU MEAN SUPERMAN'S NOT DEAD!?! OMG NO WAY!!
1	Along with preordering games.
1	Darn warrior princesses going around, fighting the good fight for centuries, teasing us mere mortals.
1	*Come on*, that's obviously a symbolism that she's basically the saint that saved the Alliance from losing the war
1	But then how will I let people know that the new Ghostbusters is a masterpiece that the world deserves?
1	But... but... the reshoots were totally planned!
1	But...but the highly paid execs are job creators! Do you hate freedom?!
1	The lawyers would have you believe they should have seen this coming.
1	A few bad Reddit comments would differently make me reconsider my multi-million dollar contract.
1	"Yes, this movie will totally be more than ""Random sexy cosplays: The movie"""
1	Did you just assume their gender???
1	because Nolan movies are so smart, with complex themes and moral dilemmas
1	Remember, yours is the only opinion thats correct.
1	Well if you want to play that game than I can just say something stupid like superman is an alien with laser beam shooting eyes. How can we ever relate to that
1	Mother or bitch ? what a satisfying range of options for a female star
1	but when would marvel get the rights back!
1	I didn't realize the office was that old
1	But it doesn't praise the Taliban, how can this be considered the best?
1	Facebook luthor was best luthor.
1	Just another example of the media imposing impossible male body standards! Down with the matriarchy!!
1	Wow, really controversial picks you made there
1	How can that be?  I got so many down votes and was questioned regarding my claim that a 1/3 of trans women have HIV.
1	"Did you just call every non-white in existence ""an animal""?"
1	The Ant-Man theme is fantastic.  It's also written in 7/4, a time signature that makes it somewhat of a standout among super hero themes.  Yup, Marvel plays it safe.
1	But Orc lives matter bro!
1	Whom?  This never happened as far ad I'm aware.
1	Oh come on, this one is from Unilad! We haven't heard their opinion!
1	Yes, so many environmental activists in 1916
1	Are you fucking stupid? Some gay novel over a motion picture?
1	Clearly you don't understand assholes are inevitable. It's everyone else's responsibility to deal with them
1	But it made a billion dollars!
1	Cool, I can't wait for more updates!
1	Yeah, that's what made The Lost World so great!
1	No, atheists just have no moral compass or empathy!
1	You missed an
1	911 was an inside job.
1	Those movies pale in the book-splitting department to the treasure that is The Hobbit.
1	Um, yeah. Him and the other 100+ people that downvoted that nonsense are the problem, not you.
1	if he was a real American sniper, he would have been able to no scope.
1	The sequel to Fool's Gold?
1	Heck they could do an entire movie of just GoPro river ride scenes!
1	Uh....*The Shadow*?
1	It permeates everything really. But there's no incentive for the system to change so full steam ahead! :D
1	But an airport is a great excuse. That's why Civil War worked and BvS didn't!
1	It's not an
1	So the Third Hokage's name literally means Ninja Warrior too?
1	You didn't like Jesse Eisenberg?
1	Oh, great; another Batman movie. Can't wait.
1	Gee, I wonder what happens. Thanks trailer.
1	Studio-apartment? Aren't they like high rise towers? we call them 'teeth'
1	I hear instead of Dances with Wolves, he is using the Godfather saga as a template.
1	But that means you're saying Ghostbusters had a good score!
1	I'm sure, like all comedy sequels, this will be awesome.
1	Well I only trust IMDB, and this movie is a 4.3 so I'll probably pass.
1	But don't you know that it needs to make a billion just to break even?
1	EXCUSE ME BUT THIS MOVIE IS AN UNDERRATED GEM
1	Oh look, a little creepy white girl with telekinesis. This surely won't be an uninspired re-skinning of every paranormal/haunting movie in recent years that only succeeds in reminding you how good Ex Machina was and how shitty it is.
1	Nope, still a failure. This movie needed at least 4trillion to break even!!!1!
1	Audiences clearly hated Wallace and Grommet and the Nightmare Before Christmas
1	Yeah I mean there are going to be like six by the end of the year! What a nightmare.
1	I think it's pretty apparent the patriarchy is alive and well in Korea, and is suppressing this film under its boot heel. Its failure has nothing to do with it being a steaming pile of shit.
1	wow, korea is really sexist!
1	Was it on purpose? I figured it was ad libbed and the editors forgot to take it out of the final cut.
1	inflation duh
1	wait... are you telling me Apple wasn't the only IBM competitor in the 80s?
1	Yeah, fuck you for having an opinion!!
1	Like, Venice Beach?
1	Yes, every other religious themed movie is equal is measure, stature, and message to the Passion of the Christ. That's exactly what I'm saying.
1	I'm sure this is a pure grassroots campaign.
1	Does it count if it is just Mel Gibson applauding?
1	When she does press conference everyone is talking about her
1	A B movie with high budget, fairly famous actors for the time and huge box office takings, creating one of the most iconic cinema creatures of all time. Sure sounds like a B movie
1	1979*
1	We're the haters?
1	Alright, but what about your opinion on The Raven?
1	He's just so crazy and random! XD
1	Man i've got to see Forest Bump, never heard of that one
1	For Whom the Bell Tolls
1	Really? With award winning movies like Suicide Squad and Ghostbusters?
1	He was born to play Marcellus Wallace in Pulp Fiction. He just nailed that role. It was Oscar-worthy. So good. Just great.
1	do you really have to ask yourself that on reddit? where have you been lately? Reddit obviously loves Jennifer Lawrence
1	Is this a movie about the fashion industry? Models? Plastic people?
1	TIL shooting movies is stressful
1	Have you tried getting it in 4k?
1	oh no.
1	They should totally make a series of movies where it details how Darth Vader becomes Darth Vader. I bet you those movies would be very popular!
1	But but but it was critically panned on SOUTHPARK. Truest of all critics
1	But but mushrooms!
1	Yeah goldeneye  was terrible
1	Pandering
1	Don't sto thwith circlejerk man!
1	Yeah, cause Suicide Squad was such a flop
1	Yeah she's fucking ugly, isn't she?
1	No, anyone who takes part in the PC agenda is nothing but a cuck whose getting in the way of making America great again.
1	Slut.
1	Is this the prequel to the Hateful Eight?
1	Wow, you know they only did this because they didn't have the guts to make it R-rated!
1	Yeah, about that time I broke both my arms.
1	This is perfectly timed in light of Ben-Hur
1	hey man I will not have u besmirch the Madea franchise like this she is an American icon
1	Backdraft, Cocoon, Ransom, EdTV, A beautiful Mind, How the Grinch stole Christmas.   Yeah,  Ron don't know how to stylize a shot at all.
1	Here, you dropped this:
1	Remember to tag him in that thread as well! Let him run wild, and post a fifty page rant about how Marvel deserved that flop! Fuck Marvel! Kill all Marvel fans!
1	Damn, now I'll never get my Transformers TMNT crossover movie
1	**Super** original post, OP.
1	Yeah, those rat bastards lecturing me on how the planet's important and shit. Fuck the planet. Jesus will give us a new one after Judgment Day, so I don't see why it's my problem.
1	Dude, they used such innovative techniques like *reversing the film* and *holding their hands in front of the camera*. It wasn't incredibly obvious and distracting at all!
1	"These ""What Disney Characters would look like if:_____""  are really getting out of hand."
1	Nah bro you don't get it, it's about them remaking a remake okay?  How dare they remake a remake, it's about the principle that remakes are bad.
1	So it can be a huge success like the recent Ghostbusters movie
1	I guess J. J. Abrams is too busy direction Episode VIII, M:I 6, and the next Star Trek movie.
1	Well of course not! That man said you were living under a rock.
1	What are you talking about, world war z is a cinematic masterpiece
1	'Member when there weren't so many Blacks and Mexicans in Star Wars?
1	But Zelda is a boy
1	Imagine if someone actually built a massive surveillance system like the one in Spectre.
1	It's the smog.
1	If they aren't the stars, then who is? Anakin and Luke? XD
1	what a sad day !
1	Yeah that difference between 12 and 13 years is a real game changer.
1	*Oh boy, i can barely wait for Cars 3!!!*
1	Oh no what a tragic loss to the movie industry
1	as long as china has a ridiculous carbon footprint why should I do anything
1	Wasn't it announced long before it'd be similar to the original movie? Also fuck people for enjoying good acting, dialogue and effects right? What a bunch of uncultured swine.
1	OMG ! Give him the Nobel now !
1	"Good days, back when movies were meant for kids and kids only, non of this ""let's make it entertaining for kids AND adults"" bullshit."
1	So it's not based on actual age just some alternate definition of young you prefer?
1	dont you know its for the lolz bro
1	No man shame on you
1	Camera man
1	Of course we all know about it and don't deny history. The Indians went wild and started kidnapping and raping white women and then they ran away. History 101.
1	Yeah I wish those lefties didn't hate genocide so much!!!
1	Because it won awards and stuff
1	Yeah like Luke Cage. Only black people watch that shit.
1	You can, but then it turns into a Black Sci-Fi Movie, which white people obviously won't watch, and that couldn't work.
1	Lama Pentecost? What a silly name
1	Damn, I was hoping we'd finally get that haunted castle movie.
1	Nah, that could never work. I mean, two black guys in sci-fi? Damn racist liberals trying to force white people out of movies. A black Stormtooper was too much already!
1	Yes, let's cast an Asian actor to play the SON of Idris Elba, a black actor
1	He's that guy who does a really good British accent right?
1	"Can't have our children catching ""the gay""."
1	Yeah, Denzel was freaking awesome in that movie!
1	Maybe you're right. It is an astounding 0.4% increase.
1	Whats that word? Cast? Cart? Wow, censorship really works.
1	Hey everybody! This guy has a differing opinion! Quickly, downvote him!
1	Nono you're wrong, Reddit is *special* you won't find any cancerous comments here!
1	Their red line is child rapists.  Hollywood has zero tolerance for anyone who crosses that line.
1	rabble rabble rabble **decapitating my childhood** rabble rabble rabble
1	of course.
1	because disney making a movie i dont want to see is an insult to my superior intelligence.
1	I'm like the only fucker on here that doesn't know who Donald Glover is.  I came in to ask but yer all too busy being funny fuckers.
1	But he's suppose to be play Miles Morales guys!
1	Its a wonder how we ever made it this far when disbelief starts ten years after a well known incident. But i mean we can all agree that the world trade center never existed. Old films just cgi'd that shit.
1	did he just kill that man - wow so out of character for superman - they've ruined him
1	Yes, he looks and acts fairly close, only one problem, Professor X is from New Jersey.
1	I think it's Tom Cruise as Jack Reacher.
1	What?  You don't like random flashes of light and then connected flashes of light?
1	Ah yes, the comedic relief that this movie needs.
1	There is absolutely no way in hell that Greece would give up the rights.
1	Is this part of the Marvel Universe?
1	No Kenya scenes??
1	He's hypoglycemic. They just try to work into the shots.
1	Yeah, sure cause Hugh Jackman and Patrick Stewart are known for their shotty acting
1	Nah, Weebverine was the best
1	I'm surprised no one picked up on the last of us comparison? I guess I should mention it
1	You can't just quote him. How is that fair?
1	Yes, because being horrified that he would murder white women and children in their sleep obviously means that we condone what the masters did.
1	Yes, how dare a movie based on a Comic Book Series be even remotely nerdy! It should be nothing but tits, ass, and explosions!
1	And there probably still won't be any Gamora or Nebula toys because girl toys don't sell.
1	dammit Marvel trying to be dark now
1	how totally unexpected
1	I'm surprised that reviews don't mean shit.
1	Oh cool, it's the carpet from Sids house in Toy Story
1	Really? what's it about?
1	They should cast Jake Gyllenhaal as Altair.
1	Same. Good thing we're getting that Detective Pikachu movie!
1	Meta
1	Good thing we know this since Leo's helming it, it won't get too preachy about environmentalism.
1	Are you fucked. Marvel has made great fucking characters like Iron Man and Iron Man and Iron Man and uhh, yeah, you DC fanatic.
1	Oh good; this will revive the Shrek meme for at least another 5 years.
1	But but he doesn't look like Dwayne Johnson! He isn't muscular, hes fat! Look at him! He doesn't even have an 8-pack
1	Probably just lossless
1	But we're gonna downvote the ones we don't agree with.
1	Probably
1	Yeah, that's what was wrong with it, too much *whimsy*
1	"""But white washing..."""
1	WILL THE WHITEWASHING NEVER STOP?!
1	Well, this one is about a white guy fighting monsters.  Pretty authentic if you ask me.
1	Palpatine is Snoke confirmed?
1	Yeah. We watch movies right. Others do it wrong
1	Uh duh. The Nazis were the National *Socialist* Party.
1	We all kinda laugh at posts like this but didn't Bates win one for a similar role in Misery? Some day a fat white man will catch a break.
1	I mean how could he be alive at that point... unless.... MAGIC.
1	re looks physically challenged. crotch grab was so good
1	It will also include genetically modified dinosaurs, their reactions to humans and the modern world, and strong moral discussions on whether humans and dinosaurs are supposed to coexist in said modern world.  Also, are they safe?  Can we monetize them?  These are the burning questions that will finally be addressed by this installment in the Jurassic franchise.
1	His entire reputation was from slaughtering the younglings.
1	But star wars is for kids
1	He already has though, remember he viciously killed all those younglings
1	Don't you dare talk smack about Mr Antilles
1	The Imperial Freedom Star is the name the Empire gave it before those bloody Rebel terrorists basterdized it.
1	Well if it worked for GTA then it works for everything
1	therefore making you racist by association!
1	Sorry.
1	Some bullshit word they invented to take away all our pleasure.
1	We can also get more hatred of anyone who isn't catholic. More specifically the Jews. Awesome!
1	To be fair,  adults seem to be safe from him. So he's a rapist,  sure, but he's a *refined* rapist.
1	Because that's not gonna piss anyone off
1	I know, right? I mean, it didn't even have The Rock in it. How can a film be any good if it doesn't have The Rock in it?!
1	Lol
1	Can't wait for the live-action remake!
1	hmm, TIL
1	2013, no?
1	Yes, pushing a false narrative about men at the expense of intellectual honesty is so much better.
1	*Especially*, Mars Attacks.
1	But nothing can beat Wilhelm's?!
1	"It would've made the domestic audience confused. That idea wasn't realized in the final ""American Cut"" of the film."
1	Wasn't that Cloverfield?
1	Spoilers!! Jeez
1	Or like lighting a homeless person on fire
1	Power Rangers being cheesy and anime inspired? What has the world come to?
1	That's racist
1	Wow way to spoil the entire movie
1	I knew that
1	Aladdin and the Lion King are such hot garbage.
1	There seems quite a high post volume for this movie, but pretty much zero buzz. I wonder why?
1	oh wow! PKD came back to life a wrote a new story. sweet. can't wait to read it.
1	I personally can't wait for the Candy Crush Saga movie. We all know it's gonna be absolutely riveting.
1	Hi there, first of all i just want to say I absolutely love your work, secondly....will Thor Ragnarok follow the comics or....?
1	Wow I wonder who's going to win.
1	Yeah, there are only like 3 comic story arcs about him right?
1	Yeah, I can totally see where *The Batman* title missed its mark.
1	Yeah that is going to break down the box office doors.
1	As someone named Logan, I can't WAIT for all the jokes I'm gonna receive.
1	Egyptians were black!
1	even better than the new Transformers movie?
1	DAE think scenes should never be removed? Once its written by the truly visionary director nobody else should even be involved in the process.
1	Yeah, the fact that he had just previously beaten the most feared fighter on the planet is irrelevant.
1	Hmm... I'm surprised no one has mentioned that kid's long fingers yet.
1	lol reminds of the time I was eating cereal only to realize after, 2 hours, that the bowl was empty and I was eating nothing. Yea I'm that dumb that I don't notice such simple things.
1	By the same website that gave such masterpieces like Warcraft and Suicide Squad rotten ratings.
1	I actually hated spongebob because he wasnt a white man so I couldn't identify with him. Like Data in The Ghoonies, I liked that he had gadgets and liked James Bond but him being Asian completely stopped me from identifying with him
1	Are you saying you DON'T want 3 1/2 minutes of Mrs Wayne's blood spattered pearls dropping to the noirish, slightly damp and dreary streets of Gotham, to you know, invoke the angst and anguish that follows Batman for the rest of his life?
1	It's funny because he talks slow and sounds retarded.
1	There are no opinions only facts and mr plinketts opinions are facts
1	Was it because your name wasn't in it or get mentioned?
1	By the time the review of revenge of the sith came out, it was pretty clear red letter media didn't want to just do another plot hole nitpick type of deal (unlike their Star Trek movie series reviews). Mike and the crew are the type of guys who would rather have some meaning to their videos than be fraudulent hacks (or maybe they were always hack frauds). Point being the review doesn't start until 56 minutes in, but this video essay was obviously going to criticize the meta of Star Wars rather than just nitpick JJ Abrams and how he plays it safe (See the new Star Trek move reviews). I was frankly surprised they would even do a plinkett on this movie since I thought they wrapped up Sith pretty well. But nope they're just all internet phony hypocrites
1	Because he's a young up and comer who still needs to prove himself
1	I heard they did the same but with an entire movie when it came to Star Wars VII.
1	Well, corporations are people, so they should be able to run for office
1	But evidence suggests you'd love Transmorphers!
1	Krzysztof Kieslowski too.
1	I heard that they were going to super-impose the characters from Rogue One into the Original Trilogy and release that as a new special edition bluray.
1	Glad I could help.
1	There goes *Rogue Two*, I guess
1	Especially considering they torture and kill a car in that flick. Great kids movie!
1	Sorry, not impressive. It has to be 300 million dollar picture.
1	He'll alway be Red Forman to me
1	Then it's pretty incomprehensible whining to 99.999% of the world to complain about being paid more for less work. Shocking that she didn't get more traction
1	But it's *Entertainment* Weekly!! How could it not??
1	sarcasm.  I guess you people don't understand that.  I even put the fucking
1	Rita is MCU villain confirmed. The Rangers have no chance agaisnt that Infinity Stone!
1	Yeah... this is so definitely worse than colorful rainbow spandex with plastic helmets that came out of a dollar store.
1	Bulk and Skull are the Guildenstern and Rosencrantz of our generation. How dare you defy it by calling it silly!!!
1	*But I'm normal and I suck at math!*
1	She has that slight, upturned smile that I associate with Rita Repulsa. I can see she is going to nail this character.
1	That can't be it, it has to be a marketing conspiracy, that's the only feasible option.
1	Yeah, sure, Cumberbatch's only fans are horny women. He can't possibly be popular because he's a good actor or anything. He can't possibly attract audiences made of men, lgbt individuals, or women who think he's weird looking but talented.
1	Obviously
1	He didn't live in a 14th century European tower so it's basically just Asian religious mumbo jumbo
1	How could you not love Legolas entering god mode?
1	They look so much alike though!!!
1	I dunno they had a fake Croc they used in Octopussy which had James Bond in.
1	Ohhhhhh nooooooo you ruined the matrix
1	I'm truly sorry you missed out on getting that experience. You should tell your friend snape kills dumbledore
1	Yeah cobber don't debate this crikey with me otherwsie i'm going to have to shove my foot up your coit for being a cheeky wanke
1	Great article!
1	Yeah. All those musicians who haven't become rock stars are just completely miserable people with no joys in life.
1	It doesn't look at all fake.
1	"I'm assuming they decided against ""In space, no one can hear you run."""
1	OH GOD A WESTERN?! Wtf is Disney's problem they're ruining SW this is a such a fucking money grab it's just like BTTF3 quit milking our beloved franchise!
1	why couldnt they get asian actors to play those white roles hmmm??? #boycotthollywood #whitewash
1	Yeah, and the Clinton Foundation is a charity that helps countries like Haiti.
1	Plus there's Asians in it. Must be Kurosawa right?
1	You might as well get rid of the star wars title  too
1	Why? We just witnessed this in real time a mere 15 years ago
1	Sweet. They're actually using real Asians for the Asian roles.
1	Oh we're posting short films here now?  I like that it's shot on iPhone but there's an old movie filter on it.
1	The fun is over kid.
1	Racists
1	This is why Trump won
1	Can confirm
1	Human eye can only see 20fps!
1	Yes. Thank God, finally. Fuck him and his job.
1	Nope. They're not allowed. There's a Hollywood movie being produced, which means it's mainstream now and we have to act as gatekeepers to keep the hoi polloi out of the Holy of Holies.
1	Wow i clearly wasn't being serious, guess i should have put
1	Yeah because the classic Hollywood didn't have any kind of censorship... and didn't make any masterpiece with soft and no belligerent movies.
1	"Honestly, this scares me a bit as I've heard rumblings of a couple smaller chains emulating AMC. ""What? They can charge for their loyalty program?  Let's do that too!  They charge more for blockbusters? Hm...let's give that a go!  If we act like a big chain, people will love us more, right?"""
1	Concerns about her acting ability, but the Rock can just keep pumping films out. Makes sense
1	Never saw that coming
1	OK, then this scene actually sucks.
1	This might just be me, but I don't think she looks anything like Han
1	Yeah she really saved the last terminator movie
1	But as long as its not shaky its automatically a good fight scene
1	Its a weapon, someone call police and use lethal force!
1	Yeah, if only they had been tougher they would have won the Vietnam war when they got older.
1	Yeah it's totally unfair to compare a Batman movie's box office to the box office of the last Batman movie.
1	The Ass of JJ
1	So, we're not supposed to use stewardess or actress but huntress is OK?
1	I too am a fan of fiction
1	I love paying exorbitant prices
1	Yeah, just like a minstrel show!
1	Nonesense! Only Goodfellas! It's the greatest movie ever!!!!
1	A video game movie stuck in development hell.  That's never happened before.
1	Oh boy, another King Kong movie.
1	Pffft, large robots? Grow up! These movies are supposed to be realistic, don't bring this nonsense in a nonfiction.
1	Especially Marion Cotillard on his death scene
1	But bro the expanded universe and comics make it even better and you should have read up on them before watching.
1	So you guys are saying I *should* watch 2001, right?
1	This will be great, just like the live-action movie adaptation of one of my other animated favorites, *Avatar, the Last Airbender*!
1	I'm so tired of Japan Asian-washing White characters
1	Found the sexist
1	The Kingsman
1	I forgot that musicians can't have variety
1	I'm shocked
1	REally? A horse chase scene right off the bat followed by jets zooming across the sky? It's totally the action flic of the year.
1	Suicide Squad was excellent - people who didn't like that or BvS just don't understand how much of a visionairy Zach Snyder is.
1	I hear it's coming up on it's 53rd anniversary, who knew!
1	John Wick
1	No nipples? This movie sucks.
1	You're telling me turning Lincoln into a Vampire killer isn't unique?!
1	Losing your Miranda rights out of lawful exception for public safety is *totally* comparable to eliciting a confession out of duress by beating someone, right?
1	Yeah, fuck magic and wonderment.
1	Oh dope, the Glee cover!
1	yea man cartoons are for kids.
1	Because world history isn't good enough source material
1	K-Pop fans are definitely up there. Plenty of people I know like K-Pop, and the worst part is they're fans just because they think the celebrities look good. But hey, it's not an obsession because they're real people.
1	But Shakespeare in love was far better than saving private Ryan!!
1	Because he wants to see some beav goddamnit.
1	It's almost like he is mentally ill.
1	Looks like they ripped of the Matrix
1	the one with more bloom. Bloom makes every better!
1	Finally, I've been wondering about exactly this question!
1	There should be a Criterion Collection release of this movie. It's a work of art that needs to be preserved along with classics like *Armageddon* and *The Rock*. Supplements must include interviews with the cast and director, a booklet with a Q&amp;A with Kevin Spacey, and audio commentary by Christopher Walken. Get on it, Criterion!
1	What, Natasha flirting with a dork like Banner is not human enough for you?
1	As it turns out Class is a Doctor Who spin-off that i totally need that cause all those kids in Dr who were so endearing.
1	Age to addresses, very logical leap in topic.
1	Not like that information isn't anywhere else on the internet or anything right?
1	Idk why people don't believe somebody OTHER THAN THE POSTER could compliment the poster. Like, maybe it's this crazy thing where one person likes what another has to say, and then voices this opinion? But real people don't do that.
1	Yeah Dane DeHaan definitely looks too old to play Valerian
1	Oh wow Cara again. Show's they care so much about the film and not just another cash cow.
1	Is this movie like the 5th element?
1	But don't you know? Trump is going to start rounding up and gassing the Mexicans, gays and Muslims.
1	I'm sure that 1-2 degree difference in 50 years will be the death of us all and humanity wont be able to use technology to cope
1	No, it was the media
1	well yeah its because he is a knee grow
1	Hopefully they explore Spiderman's origin and high school life. We need at least one film of that before we die.
1	Yeah, that's definitely his fault.
1	The one with that Indian star that got its visa denied
1	You're completely wrong. This is President Trump's first act of racism and discrimination
1	He could be the poisoned Skittle.
1	In the USA, we call that the FCC.
1	how can she be tired if she doesn't make any effort in acting?
1	Socialism is great, we should totally lean that direction
1	"This is a great idea! Who can can argue with ""excellent more integrity"" decided by the government?"
1	Don't forget Amy Shumer!
1	They probably listened to Korn on set and figured they would get all Nu Metal fans in on the movie
1	White washing by a Chinese director in a Chinese studio about a European traveler assisting the Chinese in their war against dragon deities. Why couldn't it be a Chinese European traveler? Racism that's why!
1	They made Hermione black in the broadway production, why not Dumbledore as well.
1	They made Hermione black in the broadway production, why not Dumbledore as well.
1	Yet you took the time to click on the link and write a comment. You definitely don't care
1	But he died!
1	He definitely deserves the benefit of the doubt.
1	*The Fifth Wave* was clearly the frontrunner before this.
1	Oh no, the circle jerk is not amused...all these downvotes, I can't take it.
1	I love trailers for trailers.
1	"I'm not racist! I spent 3/4 of that paragraph saying ""I'm not racist, but""!"
1	But it's not the Death Star. It's 4x bigger!
1	Go away fun police.
1	Yay movie trailers! Thanks for all of those in-depth selling points!
1	I'm tired of all those damn Mexicans pulling the operation Wetback card and those indiand pulling the trail of tears card. Go back to your country if you don't like it
1	I down voted it because it triggered me, not because it wasn't funny.
1	Snyder's just getting his money's worth after licensing Zepplin for the Sucker Punch trailer.
1	Nope you're just a Marvel fanboy.
1	Yeah that's never been done in a movie before.
1	You're not *forced* to do anything. Sign the contract if you're happy, otherwise don't. And yeah, you have the right to criticize whatever you want, but your position to wax self-righteously indignant about it later is much reduced... or at least it would be if half the crusaders in here understood the concept of agency. But who says self-victimization has to make sense, right?
1	Because having hope a movie is going to be good is totally comparable to denying cientific facts.
1	Because, as we all know, all German films are basically unwatchable.
1	Nah,  what would a God of War be doing in a war to end all wars?
1	Eww DC sorry I'm only a marvel turd
1	Finn from Star Wars
1	OMG spoilers brah!
1	what are you talking about? that's a pretty good documentary!
1	Damn sexist Disney stereotypes. NOT ALL WOMEN ARE PRINCESSES!
1	I get it, the title is Hacksaw Ridge, and she changed it to Hackneyed Ridge to illustrate her dislike of the movie. Fucking clever one she is
1	Fight violence with violence.  That always works out so well!
1	I hope it's just like Jack and Jill.
1	Can't wait to see him in the pentalogy.
1	Hey bro, what's up?
1	Hey white people: be sure to make amends for the things that some other white people that you are not even related to did many generations ago.  I don't care if your family immigrated to the US one or two generations back.  All white people worldwide are guilty of the things that any white person did ever.
1	can't watch it and get into heaven son, that's stealing :(
1	What?  The ending is pure Disney.
1	Yeah, I'm sure Batman or Superman are not good stories at all.  That's why they must be so unpopular and haven't resonated with our culture for decades right?
1	Thats fair, Star Wars has always been know for top notch writing
1	He doesn't die in the movie? Come on! Spoilers man!!!!
1	So what you're saying is...Disney orchestrated her cardiac arrest so they could profit $50 million?
1	They cast British actors for a series that takes place entirely in Britain? HOW ABSURD.
1	Ugh the movie was ruined because I saw Johnny Depp for 5 seconds!!! 1/10 stars horrible show
1	Mike Myers could have pulled off a convincing Mad Eye
1	That's pretty xenophobic
1	TIL Monty Python isnt a huge influence on any american comedian ever
1	Aww, I was so pumped for John Wayne V Bruce Lee.
1	We don't take a liking to those people putting out quality compelling work
1	Yeah all the male actors who have sexually assaulted someone are blacklisted forever
1	Thankfully, his inclusion as is was completely necessary to the plot of the movie, and not at all fan service.
1	Yeah. Disney hates money.
1	"I think you mean...(checks imdb)...okay, what the hell is a ""fonz""? Can you eat it?"
1	But, streaming and piracy is killing the film industry
1	Because it dampens inertia, duh!
1	That's not how hearing works.
1	Thanks **2016**!
1	Yes, genius idea. They should also recruit their own Stormtroopers from birth to make sure they have the numbers to compete.
1	i mean, have they even seen the prestige?
1	Great, now I remember that Open Season 2 and 3 existed. Thanks for that.
1	You're right, 90s kids do!
1	You watch your tone young man. That movie is maybe the GOAT.
1	Bbbbbbut what about the wage gap?!?!
1	You think they will destroy a bigger death Star and episode nine will see the biggest death Star ever destroyed? The bad guys quit cause the spent all their money.
1	She could be on the list for highest grossing Asian actors soon.
1	Especially the weird kid orgy near the end
1	It's definitely a sign of real good person you're right
1	Dump Star Wars was a success guys
1	What, you mean some people may actually care about the death of one of the most highly loved movie actresses of all time? Of course not, they're just pretending for karma!
1	She looked so healthy in Rogue One though...
1	Just remember that the Emoji Movie is going to be a thing in 2017.
1	Yeah, he was great on Girls.
1	Spoilers!
1	Dismal, dank, depressing but of course edgy because rebels.  Why didn't the box office flock to it?
1	"Not if they do an all-women reboot though. Then it's just ""unnecessary""."
1	Hey man, I came to the comments so that I didn't have to read the article, OK?
1	Wow I can't possibly see any parallels to real life there
1	Good it's 2016, you shouldn't be assuming genders
1	I really hate this movie, the Kranks are bad people i guess for wanting to spend their first christmas without their daughter by doing something for themselves? what monsters
1	Wow, it's so weird that different places have different traditions and such. I too assumed everyone was exactly the same.
1	Nah, he's already gonna play Detective Pikachu, you can't steal him from us
1	Wow dude, Jewish people are allowed to enjoy Christmas too, stop discriminating
1	I'm offended that only one is male.
1	and all of them are white? Wow what a fucking racist.
1	Well it has Christmas in the title and it's about Christmas. So no it's not a Christmas Film. it's a taco bell documentary.
1	You sexist!!!
1	I can now sleep easier knowing the core players of this utter classic are returning to provide us another round of unforgettable entertainment.
1	Can't wait for tomorrow's picture!
1	No spoilers tag?
1	I mean maybe but then where would we get our sense of superiority from?
1	Damn, just because she's killed of in episode 8 doesn't mean Disney have to kill her in real life
1	Fallout boy cover.
1	Oh yeah, the things you do when you're younger never effect you when you get older. Never, not ever. I mean, who would ever think that? And for the record
1	Bullshit, Deadpool was such an underrated gem
1	I think everyone here is a bot. Named K-2SO.
1	It's possible, I mean, they are charismatic.
1	Anyone who doesn't take the immediate aftermath of a tragedy as an opportunity to show off their finesse at writing puns is surely just a stuck-up jerk, yup
1	There is passion in both, people in both, death in both ... honestly I don't see the problem
1	Careful now - you might offend transwomen.
1	And she drinks like 20 cokes a day so that helps.
1	Dude he's just anti smoking?
1	What about the kid who wasn't breathing for 40 minutes np?
1	Because sources like BBC News, Hollywood Reporter, etc clearly aren't reliable to the mods.
1	This movie is more deceptive than Collateral Beauty smh
1	Because she's a frail little girl and men are pigs.
1	Because you're supposed to watch the movies! Not think about them!
1	Next you're gonna tell me Jingle All the Way is overrated.
1	yeah this looks really edgy and compelling
1	Wow Im so fucking excited for super hero movie #375. I bet it's going to be nothing like the previous 374 we've seen.
1	Looks like Snyderverse is finally gonna ditch that dumb rope and giver her a sword like Marston always intended!
1	Yeah. That approach has been working *great* for DC so far.
1	Because no one can spell his name. It's much easier to just go with someone like Ryan Gosling.
1	This is America, idiots with a twitter soapbox have gone as far as the presidency
1	Interneter coming through to white knight a man's earring. I just got put in my place!
1	This is one of the reasons I hated Captain America. Like how can he jump so high and punch so many people. Its such bullshit.
1	Wow, so original
1	What! A woman protagonist! This is PC culture feminist propaganda!
1	*There's an article?!*
1	Oh look shes got some kind of Aug when in the future she should be brandishing dual smartguns duct taped to a pulse rifle and 4 flame throwers. WORST. MOVIE. EVAR.
1	So 2 companies out of the 10 that control all media. Really sounds like the conservatives are taking over
1	Like all the white movies with an all white cast. They are contribution to the white side of the equation.
1	I like the fact that they're so sure of themselves and this movie.
1	Affirmative action promotion, promote a white guy, gotta promote a black guy.
1	What are you talking about? Kids these days love the emojies
1	This looks like a new, fresh idea for a film! This is going to great.
1	Let Sabine survive and she can be an old knight of ren
1	Maybe in the re-remastered version we'll get one
1	But that lets you have rogue two between episode 4 and 5 where you can go rescue them from orison!
1	if the flash series is to go by, then he was injured by a normal punch of a normal goon.
1	You shut your stupid face!
1	People still play this game?
1	Oh yeah, Gladiator was shit, wasn't it?
1	It's a mood organ
1	RLM came out with their review!  Time to adjust my honest thoughts on the movie accordingly
1	2049? Why is the trailer out now?
1	I thought it wasn't Deckard Cain?
1	Is the secret that everyone is a Replicant, or maybe everyone is a replicant and they were hunting humans!
1	Holy shit you just ruined the movie for me. Now I'm not gonna watch it
1	Watch it now on YouTube in handy 5 minute installments.
1	Wow, who would thought that Collateral Beauty bombed that hard. It is impossible because the movie has many a-list cast.
1	Just because they're both black doesn't mean their interchangeable
1	How surprising
1	Obviously shouldn't be taken seriously, just one, big staged joke.
1	OH SHIT IT WORKED!!1
1	"Could be. In the origin comic i read a few days ago he looked pretty asian to me. Right down to the Fu man chu he was rockin. But regardless ""Transylvanians should be played by Transylvanian actors and when they blackwash Transylvanian parts out of major blockbusters like this, it shows the true colors of bigotry in Hollywood"" ...or something like that."
1	B-but it's totally anime! It has Asian inspired settings and characters and the brand of comedy and action mixed is literally anime! Doesn't matter that what we refer to as anime is Japanese animated works!
1	Yeah. Thanks Reagan.
1	Loki! No, don't quit!
1	racism only works one way
1	Obviously they need white people to be offended on their behalf, since minorities are incapable of such social insight
1	It amazes me how we can go from discussing fictional Western cartoon characters to an analysis of the psychological impact of the nuclear bombs on Japanese masculinity. Good job, Internet.
1	Yes, Peter Jackson, the man that fought tooth-and-nail to get the LOTR movies made in the first place, had to be forcibly stopped from deliberately ruining them.
1	Was the bus late?
1	What? Eyes Wide Shut is the perfect Christmas movie for the whole family!
1	Now don't tell me Oskar schindler was a nazi aswell
1	You mean the US army?
1	BECAUSE IT'S SO COOL TO HATE ONE DIRECTION
1	No it's actually the emotional climax
1	But where would you be had it not been for Enchantress' sweet sweet dance moves?
1	It's been 3,000 years already!
1	To clarify, '69' was not the cause of death. He was playing hockey with his son. I can't imagine a more Canadian death unless he was a little 'beered up' at the time.  RIP
1	Cops called
1	but keep the flames cause that's super cool
1	I can totally see Ivy rocking a *Go Green* tatt or something
1	Just as long as there aren't an anal sex jokes.
1	Fast8 your seat belt!
1	Not to mention how we all wished Tom Bombadil was back in the movies!
1	Yeah but poop humour is.
1	Can't wait to see this 480p beauty on the big screen
1	Ryan Reynolds - Green Lantern
1	But how will they expect US audiences to watch a WW2 film without an american in the lead?
1	Yeah, but Denzel is black. The Oscars like to piss off black people
1	Avoid history books too
1	What exactly would it spoil ? the narrative of over 300,000 European troops being evacuated from Dunkirk during WW2? because thats a historical event I've never heard of.
1	Haven't seen that font before.
1	I think you mean the Kurosawa of the movie
1	Poor guy it must be hard making 19 million instead of 20
1	Yes I too think wolverine is much better as an angry midget in banana colored pajamas.
1	Oh great a movie about how shit men are (Chevalier).  I can't watch that fast enough.
1	I wonder if it has to do with their demographics
1	Yeah, persecuting your own countrymen sure shows those imperialists.
1	Probably because of the second game
1	Short film, where he drowns instantly?
1	That new show westwood been hearing good things about it? That any good?
1	Superhero movies are flicks though, except for BVS and Watchmen
1	Amazing!
1	Huh, arent communists supposed to be atheist and above the superstitions the bourgeoisie use to keep them down? Perhaps some of the PRC leadership need to be reeducated about the superiority of the Marxist doctrine and how it is scientifically proven to eventually replace all imperialist ideology.
1	It's the Liberal Ape agenda at it again!
1	Nah, you are probably a shill
1	No way, nobody in reddit thinks differently from me! we are legion!
1	Wow. I just love original cinema.
1	I don't know, I still think the track Drunk and Hot Girls is some of his best work
1	We've known that for a while now
1	Wait, you mean to tell me that the Transformers franchise is no longer worth ticket price?!
1	Remember when MRAs mounted a boycott against The Force Awakens? The impact on the film's box office performance was *devastating*.
1	Is this where Gorilla Glass comes from?
1	B-but what about Pixels?
1	Too bad no other studios do this.
1	Man, what a really well thought out and informational article that was. Totally unbiased and really well written.
1	Not photoshop. Just shot at the wrong focal length.
1	Yeah, screw you for enjoying something that in any way touches mainstream sensibility. Go enjoy your your mainstream Coke while I enjoy an RC Cola, sheeple!
1	This joke won't ever get old
1	Who?
1	I was under the impression that Rocky Johnson was just Canadian.
1	Yeah like those fucking idiots over at National Lampoon who called their movies Vacation and Christmas Vacation.
1	fucking marvel fanboy
1	He was already birdman.. granted I didn't see that but isn't it just a Vulture origin story??
1	OMG he's so classy!
1	Holy shit they should not be allowed to speak or be seen in public. People that think differently than I do should be shunned.
1	Yeah, stupid critics! Only big movies people have heard of are any good
1	and a transexual person?
1	But the Jews control the media and all of these humans from different planets in a vast galaxy far far away look different.  Why can't they all be white, the one acceptable black guy per generation, or aliens?
1	I mean I obviously wish more too. It's just frustrating that issues of women or other non-white groups being relegated to shitty stereotypes or terrible characters be brushed away often on this site but god forbid they make a comedy about nerds... and that is a true struggle
1	How about Leslie Jones?
1	Oh my god I cannot wait, how am I going to make it another 24 hours without the Baywatch trailer??
1	And if you cut out the staircase fight scene, orgy and dance number it's a breezy 38 minutes.
1	Really? It took me a while to figure out.
1	I am sure it will show gamers in a great light
1	Fuck hollywood. It's called Ocean's Eight because they are already planning two sequels (Ocean's 9 &amp; 10). Clever!
1	No thanks - I will make my top 10 list however I damn well choose.
1	"Because men are the women's opressor, all men are evil. You should read Lena Dunham's new book ""How to shut down a mansplainer (By kicking him in the balls)""  Really enlightening stuff according to all the reviews."
1	but it's Star Wars
1	His personality is also a boomerang
1	But that would require actual *parenting*! Things like this is what censorship is for!
1	Yep, plenty of people backing down and forfeiting at Pro level tournaments
1	But he's made AMAZING movies since then!
1	Well, that's another book I don't have to read.
1	Actual discussion about the movie? You can't do that here! Fall in line and make sure everyone knows that you hate these films!
1	Yeah well, jokes on you, now she's a big Hollywood actress highly in demand
1	You underestimated how much of a fucking nerd you are.
1	Great, more weeb stuff! Just what we needed.
1	Yeah because there's never been a successful kids movie or book about environmentalism
1	Hue hue DRUMPF iz lol amirite?
1	Yeah. I've seen all of these movies. Was expecting a better list.
1	Dammit man, now they'll be dismantling the Eiffel Tower!
1	the jennifer lawrence mystique school of super powered beings. how can you appreciate how pretty the actress is if you keep her in makeup for most of the movie?
1	Not when government contractors are involved
1	The Mummy seemed to really jumpstart The Rocks career. So this will probably be good for Cruise.
1	I don't think directing Star Wars is really a good metric for success.
1	Naw man, nobody watches them. They're just making them for the fuck of it.
1	"What's this ""Stargate universe"" that you're referring to?"
1	Wow. Great. This world needs more super hero movies.
1	Jane Got A Gun
1	Oh great, more remakes.
1	Oh no, the planet of non-spacefaring Ewoks can't enter space! How will they ever survive?
1	What? You think their relationship doesn't go well?
1	more remakes. Yay
1	Interstellar, Inception, The Dark Knight, The Prestige, Memento... yeah, nobody knows who this Nolan guy is.
1	Bane in Batman &amp; Robin was the best Bane
1	Yayyy! I love it when Hollywood comes up with remakes instead of original ideas. They never make remakes of classic movies and possibly ruin it !
1	All star wars has to be totally subversive like episode 5
1	Ugh, when will fatigue set in?
1	What a fucking quality post here!
1	I don't think they'll kill Han Solo twice, so you're probably safe
1	16 seconds. Oh Universal, you do spoil us.
1	Enchantress got a fashion upgrade, sweet
1	the original mummy is supposed to be a man. Another feminist Hollywood remake
1	I hope there's a sentient computer with the consciousness of a dead Nazi involved in our current political climate somewhere
1	Ah, another DC film in production hell. This bodes well.
1	Yes because the EU is such a great example of coherent, well done, story telling.
1	2 out of those 3 dudes aren't American! THEY'RE TAKIN AWAY OUR JORBS!!!
1	Hey as long as we have another origin story. Not enough of those.
1	"""The Batman"" what an inspired title"
1	Give the rights back to Marvel!
1	I can't wait to see them somehow shoe horn Darth Vader in!
1	Plus this is already a sequel to Bad Boys... Which is a remake of Bad Boys with Sean Penn
1	I want to be a professional porn critic and researcher, where is my adequate pay. I believe that my work is very important.
1	Because this totally worked with Ghost Busters... Why wouldn't this work too?
1	Let's just remake all movies with an all female cast. Surely that'll please the feminist demographic that accounts for much of the film industry's revenue.
1	Oh good, another all female reboot of a popular film. Can't wait for this one.
1	And Josh Trank only directed Chronicle before the amazing Fantastic Four
1	Can't wait to hear about how this movie tarnishes the great name of the Oceans trilogy.
1	Oh yeah we have a real shortage of shit-pinchers in this town these days
1	Man that is some A+ writing right there, True oscar bait
1	It fits his narrative. Don't question it.
1	"Because ""Amityville horror"" sounds so kid friendly"
1	Hahaha look at me I'm so cool I destroy the movie industry lmao what loser buys films when I get them for free
1	Who cares? They're clearly just dirty moslem terrorists. We're going to make America great again.
1	Well, you want to keep the ceremony safe right?
1	Yeah, Trump's doing a great job of protecting us from all these dangerous film directors.
1	Wow that sounds lovely, a true testament to how great these places are.
1	Getting downvoted, but no rebuttals. Isn't r/politics fun?
1	Trump is doing just that.
1	The current year has struck again!
1	I personally preferred Joel Schumaker's campy batman.
1	It's barbaric and hostile that you would insinuate an entire country you know nothing about is barbaric and hostile. Perhaps their government is hostile (still not barbaric) but that does not take into consideration that we are more hostile because we want their resources. If anything is a black mark on the States it's the constant doubling down on asshole logic. Defend that asinine position to your death!
1	exactly, hollywood elitist types not attending their own awards ceremony to stick it to Trump? That will really show him.
1	We've done huge atrocities in the past so it's totally okay for us to do less horrible things now.
1	lol you're good at this trolling thing
1	So kind of like how Muslim religion thinks towards people who do not accept their religion?
1	Well yes everyone knows freedom of speech means that you can say what you want and everyone ***has*** to listen
1	DAE Blacks are the real racists
1	You don't understand, not allowing migrants from her country is waaaaay worse!
1	They were actually all spanked growing up, so it's the only way they learn their lesson.
1	Steve Jobs
1	I'll have you know that I took Psych 101 so I'm pretty damn qualified to analyze him thanks lmao
1	Yeah, Antifa are 100% also about genocide. That's like, their thing. If they got to power, they would totally also exterminate the races they see as inferior.
1	Yah casey violence is okay as long as it supports your political beliefs
1	And that's why the Holocaust was okay, because it was legal.
1	Before reading the article for a moment I thought it was The Arrival (1996)
1	Ya got anything else?
1	Right... the accuracy was incredible.
1	Jim Carey
1	There's no way the woman in the thumbnail was 80 years old
1	Nothing bad was supposed to happen in 2017 remember??? *autistic screeching*
1	OMG 2017 THE WORST. YEAR.  EVAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRR
1	What, you didn't see *13 Hours*?
1	Whatever happened to that guy. It is too bad they can't still use him for the Marvel universe.
1	dat exposition doe.
1	Well black people are not as good as white people, so when they manage to win it's something special. :)
1	Because Asians and Latinos weren't brought over in slave ships from Africa
1	I guess the Oscars aren't racist this year. Let's see if they're racist next year.
1	Black lives matter
1	How sad is it that she's the first to win three nominations, and there's been generations of actors with multiple Oscar wins in their family tree. Yeah, racism is over guys!
1	She is practically Jenna Maroney!
1	Thanks Trump, you say you'll make America great again but now we have coloreds in our oscars
1	If she were TRULY great she would have been in Deadpool and not complained about Trump
1	Well technically she can't be snubbed if she's not even nominated
1	"The one white person in the movie is portrayed by a man with the last name ""Freeman"". Marvel racist confirmed."
1	Where is Sausage Party?
1	Please that is obviously going to be a cult classic.
1	Fuck me, I want some of that gold.
1	Yes. You're correct that the validity (read: w***eigh***t) of an argument has no bearing in a court of law.
1	remember when they were credible, back when they nominated films like the shining
1	Spoiler Alert, fuck.
1	But the only people who didn't like Ghostbusters were men who hate women. There is literally nothing wrong with that film.
1	We're including spoilers in the title by default now are we?
1	Get out of here with your technically correct deep EU lore
1	How dare they insult poor Ben Affleck with a nomination. Let us all rush to defend his honor and denounce the Razzies
1	oh boy
1	Isn't Across the Universe considered made by the Beatles?
1	Yeah but Empire Strikes Back wasn't about blowing up a planet destroyer. So the only way for this film to *not* be an Empire Strikes Back rehash is to, *again*, make it about blowing up *another* planet destroyer.
1	Are they going to destroy another death star?
1	If I've learned anything the past couple of years it's that everyone is defined by their skin, their gender, their sexuality, and their religion.
1	Pirates have totally destroyed the movie business
1	Well, Pacific Rim was filming in the general area yesterday so it is definitely related.
1	so brave
1	THAT WAS THE POINT!!! THEY'RE JUST REGULAR PEOPLE WHO ARE SINGING AND FALLING IN LOVE!!!!!
1	Trump, apparently
1	Yes. Because they picked on these people for liking these things in the past and that's unfair.
1	I thought Reddit loved musicals now?
1	wow, letters over the main character, haven't seen that one before
1	You're not allowed to hate the movies I like, okay?!?!
1	That's racist
1	Well duh. It's set in Texas.
1	Goddamn Russian Hax0rs!!
1	But it's so powerful!
1	This flood water is just a CGI manipulation made by the (((liberals))) You can't fool me!!!
1	The guy from the memes?!
1	The order: 1886 was a film
1	THAT is the type of business management that led them to such great success!
1	"What, you didn't see ""Captain America: Civil War""?"
1	Right, we don't want the American propaganda machine to be used to for something evil.
1	Yeah you're right, we've already gone too far so we should just give up now
1	Yeah, cause fuck human decency amirite
1	Well, with all these vaccines causing autism, maybe the kid knows what's good for it more than you do.
1	They couldn't give the black suit to the black guy like in the original series because that would be racism
1	Shut up NERD!
1	At least it started later than 2016 did. Bowie died on the 10th, while he died on the 19th.
1	Damn Marvel shills expecting a decent, coherent movie, amirite?
1	Yep, total rip off. The giant Goldar and mechs and suits just show how similar this is to Chronicle.
1	Well if the producer said so it must be true.
1	Ooh look at you, I'll have you know that I only cried 3 times while watching *Hachiko*, so, hah!
1	Has this person never watched Sucker Punch or Love Actually? Apparently not.  Though it's not really fair to compare the two best films of this century and pit them against Last of Us. Let me just say Sucker Punch and Love Actually are the best films Hollywood has to offer and are indicative of the overall quality storytelling we can expect in the future.
1	Nothing on earth *is* cooler than White Power.
1	Hilarious!!
1	But he said *average* redditor.
1	I'm sure it will look much different once they do Josh Gad's voice-over.
1	So they put the dog through that twice?   Well that's much better then
1	Yeah look at all the downvotes you guys are receiving for calling it out!
1	Yeah, water boarding and squirt guns are the same thing
1	He's a cat person.
1	Well didn't you just hit the nail on the head! Wake up everyone, you must ignore all relatively minor injustices until all major injustices are dealt with! Wrap it up, no more caring unless its catastrophic!
1	They should ask for their parts of the movie to be removed!
1	much anticipated sequel finally announced.
1	Stupid dog, amuse us!!
1	Spotted the Vegan!
1	"yeah but it's ""fake news"" therefore Hillary is going to jail and and Donald Trump is our savior."
1	Oh that totally makes it fine then, I'm sure the dog wasn't terrified at all, since it knew the crew was there
1	Except he is a Taygaryen
1	They are all dangerous war criminals and must be brought to justice!
1	english only, this is usa, don't you dare bring a movie here without our language being used
1	It'll make sense when she's treated badly by Germans for being Asian
1	Totally. Remember when Joaquin Phoenix was unable to adjust his (non professional) singing style to imitate Johnny Cash? Johnny Cash definitely doesn't have a distinct voice.
1	Clearly! Since it didnt make 2 billion!
1	So what you're saying is women are actually paid too much?
1	I bet Lily Rose Depp was paid 3 times more because she's a star's daughter.
1	Hmm, I always find people who comment in all capital letters to be very convincing
1	well that's an opinion. it's a wrong one though!
1	Hahahahahahahaha they referenced the godfather hahahahahahahaa what a hilarious joke omg when I saw that part of Zootopia I share myself it was so funny
1	Pffft damn remakes, how dare they touch the Michael Keaton classic?!?!
1	Yep! Out of absolute necessity.
1	[honestly theres probably 5 or less musical scenes and theyre short. Its totally worth it ]
1	"""50% explosions and 50% low angles on bikini clad women"" - exactly what a Bond film should be, right?"
1	It's so great that someone finally made a movie set in LA. So, so underrepresented.
1	I saw a movie before release and surprisingly have a positive review to share on reddit. I promise I'm not a part of the marketing campaign at all
1	I smell a director's cut in the future!
1	yeah none of that cg bullshit in PB
1	no, they fully render all the unused scenes in the movie ....
1	Intriguing, but wrong premise from the start. This will be just the first of three Han Solo movies.
1	Why don't they replace her with jarjar binks?
1	"Thank God they didn't say anything about her being ""beautiful.""  The indecency of some people...."
1	Denis Vilneuve is well known for directing soulless nostalgia trash, you're right
1	but..but there are two male leads! Its basically the same movie
1	Yeah, I'm sure all those Uwe Boll films really had a negative effect on Rockstar's earnings for any of the *Grand Theft Auto* games.
1	OMG 2017 will your bloodlust know no end??
1	I should ask about this in his AMA he's having
1	Congrats you've stumbled upon the joke !
1	The 90% or the other half?
1	Sully
1	"Exactly, just like they did after the 2015 ""Oscars so white"" controversy"
1	No mention to Star Wars Ep. 8. Those guys are hack frauds.
1	Haha so witty man, because you took what he said literally. Haha hilarious man
1	Super good shitpost, man!
1	What, you don't like reading a hundred comments from dudes using faulty logic while discussing made-up scenarios and jerking each other over how smart they are? Pfft, feminazi!
1	It's good that Chicago doesn't devote any of it's other property east of Lakeshore drive for things like Museums or Stadiums.
1	Yeah there's nothing else to really do here
1	Wow people are really defensive of star wars. Without George Lucas all we would have to watch is football and mixed martial arts!! Which are not arts!!
1	I'll look some up, thanks for the tip! I went to school for film so that basically makes me an expert anyway.
1	thanks no one knew that
1	Yes, you are right. Discrimination is always the fault of the victims.
1	Because girls are only allowed to play with princess dolls obviously
1	So, if you have two actors who share top billing, but the movie is marketed at a certain demographic, you should pay the one that attract that demographic less the least amount of money? Sure, that sounds reasonable.
1	Just like those fucking Huguenots! Asshole religious minorities taking all the good jobs that proper (insert group) deserves!
1	They are so different from the West
1	Brilliant! Their cost cutting measure will certainly go well in their next investor hearing when they have to explain the flop and loss of revenue
1	Yes.
1	In other news: Superman is confirmed to be coming back for Justice League, and not to remain dead
1	Lightning needs to beat up Storm in police locker. That'll convince some of us.
1	JJ Abrams confirmed Dir/EP for upcoming Indiana Jones film
1	Which is exactly why it should be first in the line!
1	See a doctor stat.
1	If you never asked that question about the british accents, you're racist.
1	Well shit, the left wants us to lose gun rights and freedom of speech because of feelings and emotions...Why not apply it to all politics in general?
1	Yeah but did you notice the subtle Jesus references in Man of steel and Bvs? The avergage audience cant catch that
1	But you know it's totally not about them being women
1	What a night
1	Couple of questions...  Why does Flash have boobs?  And whos the sasquatch with a giant fork supposed to be?
1	Goyer really said that? That's one way to win the hardcore DC fanbase, David.
1	Yeah, they do so much for the world.  They're just better than us peasants
1	FUCK THAT CONOR MCGREGOR WOULD KICK MOONLIGHT'S ASS
1	No. Sportsball is le bread and circuses for the Philistine morons.
1	Actors are some of the most persecuted people y'all...
1	$20 says Elle doesn't repeat at the Oscars
1	He was just combining the two black movies.
1	So sexist that only wonderwoman's thighs are showing
1	Get ready for all the toys!
1	Token black dude maybe?
1	Awesome, another super hero movie
1	You're doing it wrong man. This guy literally told you there is something wrong with you for your opinion about a movie. Why aren't you feeding into his negativity?
1	I bet you have a superman s though
1	Yeah.. because Pitt is totally a mediocre actor.
1	I had no idea they made another one of those that recently.  Must have been a great movie
1	They made the president a woman
1	In going to be really disappointed if Nate doesn't walk around everywhere looking for hidden treasures
1	That's just your opinion, but it is wrong!
1	Yea because you know everyone on r/movies LOVES Zack Snyder.
1	You'll never guess who the director is then
1	How can I truly appreciate the quality of these films if they are in a f*cking gif with no sound?!
1	Matt Damon was great in this movie
1	WTF!!! No Civil War or Dr Strange? List is bullshit.
1	OMG 2017 will your bloodlust know no end??
1	Yup... One post with 200 karma is totally representative of a subreddit of thirteen million
1	But practical effects are *always* superior to CGI!
1	Worked for batman vs superman. Mommy's boys
1	Say that to my face and not online and see what happens
1	DAE practical effects
1	Ah Sony, striking while the iron is hot as usual!
1	Well according to all of the ads I hear on the radio and TV, 'Collateral Beauty' is a masterpiece. And it 're-re-defines what we know about the human experience' and all that bullshit.
1	So I've been turning mine on airplane mode for nothing!?
1	Wow, they really are a good PR firm.
1	Wow they should've used practical effects
1	Did he do it live or pre-recorded?
1	We're just gonna have to accept Stallone :(
1	Needs more Neon Demon
1	OMG WHITEWASHING!!!!!!!
1	No. You're not allowed to like things I don't like. And if you do then go fuck yourself.
1	But maaan, people die in this movie.
1	is this why everyone thinks *Unbreakable* is racist?
1	Weirdest Kid Cudi remix I've ever seen
1	Glad to see my tax dollars are being put to good use
1	I'm not a pro at all but I have played on stage before. I can only imagine that in that kind of environment that a stage without monitors (the speakers that project sound back towards the stage performers) it would sound like nothing was happening at all. I kind of feel bad for her. I mean as much as I can - she's physically stunning, has an incredible range, has universally loved music, and more money than I can imagine. Wait, why did she survive 2016!
1	Yeah she's only one of the most popular actors in the largest films of all time they shouldn't give the family anything tbh
1	That's so stupid that it has to be true!
1	Because daytime is for good Christian families with wholesome values while nighttime is for the...*gaaaaays*
1	Doc Savage eventually got superpowers. I guess Indy drinking the Holy Grail water that healed him had a permanent effect, given what he survives in the fourth movie, so maybe he did too.
1	Because why just ignore it and go watch something else when you can be an edgelord on reddit and tell everyone how right you are about a movie that hasn't even come out yet?
1	We won't get to see Scar Jo's boobs
1	Capturing children
1	Wait. are you taking about the super bowl or the oscars?
1	People in rural America will probably ruin that vote too.
1	You don't understand, anything that isn't about straight white people is something that's trying to make a political statement
1	Tony Kornheiser shows his genius.
1	I'm so glad comicbook films coming out 3/12th of the way through the year are already being deliberated for the oscars
1	They needed Jimmy Kimmel, guys.
1	Don't you know $100% of Republicans are misogynist, racist, bigot, homophobic, anti-semetic, islamophobes, ignorant, white trash?!
1	For me, personally, nothing can touch the comedy stylings of *The Martian*.
1	So powerful!
1	Duh. He was very obviously racist.
1	Omg you just didn't get it
1	The Saudi's are friends.
1	But if you deduct the millions of illegal votes cast for Moonlight, you'll see that La La Land really was the winner!
1	Yeah it was definetly beating a dead horse what stopped them
1	Conspiracy: What if in a moment to get back at the Academy after all these years, right before the envelope came out for Best Picture, he then decided changed the Emma Stone replacement card with the Best Picture card and thus, the wolfie was out.
1	Hey this is the one night of the year you can tell everyone how much you don't care about the oscars!
1	FAKE NEWS! SAD!
1	That's what they want you to believe
1	Even in victory the white man takes stake on the success of others
1	The whitest candidate.
1	Classic white people trying to steal the gold from the minority.
1	So true. Movies nowadays are so cryptic, we need exposition people! You really don't expect to keep our brains turned on while watching, right???
1	Along with literally everyone else clapping in the whole theater
1	Shh. Only people who play professional pretend celebrate life. Any other artist, healthcare professional, first responder, etc... is just amateur.
1	Can she be considered noticeably untall ?
1	i'll always  remember his speech from independence day
1	#whitegenocide
1	Spotlight and Birdman. You might've heard of those movies. Really went under the critics' radars
1	Time to get a divorce.
1	Inglorious Basterds
1	Yeah no way the man can be shorter than the woman, that would be outrageous!
1	Welcome to America.
1	For a movie about a man that didn't want to use a weapon there was sure a lot of blood and gore
1	Really? Out of all the actors, his are the scenes involving him sitting in a chair! Talk about lazy!
1	"I thought that ""Always"" was verboten here. And anywhere, really."
1	I'm sure I will never read this headline again.
1	"Yeah,where's the outrage at whatever the Japanese equivalent of ""whitewashing"" is."
1	It's a dark comedy!
1	But weebos are experts on the Japanese language after watching so many anime
1	No! I don't like 3D, I think it's stupid, so you're stupid If you like it!
1	Apparently no women talk for the first 40min of Johm Wick 2 and Max Landis is boycotting the film
1	Which is what? 10 tickets?
1	Fuck choices!  I don't like 3D and so no one else should either!
1	I mean he did fuck up her teeth in the second game. I'd be mad too if I was made to perfection minus the smile. Thank goodness they rectified that in the third game.
1	Hey really great job at low-key shilling.
1	sounds too confusing for the average audience
1	'#AliensSoWhite
1	Can't smoke weed yet in theatres.
1	Yes. Everyone knows the 60s was a great time for black people and women.
1	Gee I didn't see this coming.
1	I don't care what celebrities have to say about politics, that's why I voted for a celebrity to be president!
1	Cooooooool.
1	Yes, Disney and Lucasfilm should stop making the thing that will make the a billion dollars every year. That's a smart business decision.
1	Ah yes. It's not sexist as long as we're not literally enslaving women so shut up and get back in line. Haven't heard that one before.
1	He doesn't look like Han Solo. This movie is fucked!
1	Mmmmmhmmm, his administration had nooooothing to do with it.
1	Nah mate the songs been around since the beginning of time
1	that'll show 'em!
1	No he isn't, he's just working on it, the title says it's the crew, not the cast
1	That'll show him! Don't mind the coal slurry in your drinking water.
1	Following the trend of F8 of the Furious and Transformers 5, Ethan Hunt is the bad guy. Boom.
1	But he's the cool President that can't do anything wrong.
1	Oh boy, I'm struck with childlike glee and nostalgia.
1	Gotta love that diversity
1	Did you know you can't remember any of characters' names from Avatar?
1	Trump won get over it!
1	Cool *Inside Out* reference
1	But if she was nominated, there wouldn't have been room for Meryl Streep.
1	Ah yes, you probably did want to see that. Why have final shots when you can just fade to black over slow music?
1	okay, amblin executive, i submit to your obvious authority
1	There was more than one matrix movie?
1	Sure, that's just a running joke among Midwest students.
1	There families and relatives should also be sterilized to prevent such comic genes from spreading further.
1	Yeah they've made only 2x their budget in the first week.
1	If you love the Ghostbusters franchise but hate the new movie, well then you don't understand anything shitlord.
1	What a well presented point of view and well argumented response to the point, really furthers the discussion!
1	Boy, you must be smart
1	Yeah, I hated it when Matt Damon died in Titanic and when Leo loses his memory but turns out to be a CIA assassin.
1	Static
1	Yeah fuck new movies let's just remake past hits!
1	Is this a Logan spin off?
1	Yeah isn't a blood type or something? I forget how the measured it? ;)
1	but there was a hole in it
1	Why did they not tell us until now, those darn germans!
1	Good one.
1	Yeah it's definitely worth being saddled with crushing debt for the rest of your life to drink a couple of brewskis with your boys.
1	There were also no white or black people, so it can't be about racism either, right?
1	yeah but the south is EVILL and racist, and would always be EVIL and racistttt
1	It wasn't obvious from the credits after every single drawing
1	Also the bit when they end up in Bratislava. Pure gold. And totally accurate
1	Guysz wat r u talking about? Best WW2 moovy iz obviously Fury
1	Feel like the director could have said something. What a douche.
1	I don't Russell Crowe in it.
1	It would have been so much better in period accurate greek
1	Oh yeah? How do you know?
1	Really? What possible marketing reason would FOX have for getting this person to the RED CARPET?
1	Your friend sounds fun.
1	Toy Story 3
1	TIL a crew member was killed on camera to make Saving Private Ryan.
1	Just think of the cinematic universe though!
1	B-But African Slavery in America wuz worse!
1	It's too bad it's apparently impossible to make an Asian character not a racist caricature while keeping them Asian, huh?
1	Hey, I'm probably the first person to notice this but.....the names don't match up with the pictures. how annoying is that!!
1	Those unnamed sources that claim they work at WB. Trust me, its legit.
1	They got the actor names all mixed up
1	You know, if you're into that sort of stuff.
1	Whoa! Is he adapting that amazing spider-man musical from Broadway?!?
1	That explains ABC news reporting on a masked vigilante in combat with appears to be a humanoid bird
1	Not if you're with Windows 10!
1	Great. I can use this in real life
1	Thanks for your help.
1	Where's the love for Civil War, Rogue One &amp; Cloverfield! Why is some shitty musical winning awards!
1	Really? Quite a surprising win.
1	Damn women, not enough to leave the theater covered in snail trails; now they're stopping hard-working men from getting their 50 shades fix.
1	Dude, they probably had to do A LOT of research to find clips from obscure movies like *Hard Boiled*. Or they just heard about it on Reddit.
1	Good news, a third movie, *Fifty Shades Freed*, is planned for Valentines Day 2018. I can't wait!!
1	Yes mate, it should earn a billion to come even. I think more than civil war
1	I'm glad everyone has their own opinions but YOU'RE ALL WRONG. Everyone knows it's either licoln assasination or vacume ripping your dick off. Idiots!
1	How racist! What if there was a movie called Blackest Kids You Know. The Left would be outraged!
1	Obviously they should have all had their own solo movies and a few films where two or three of them got together before they had the giant Magnificent team movie. Don't these people know how you make cinematic universes?!
1	Wait I thought Tony and Steve were best buddies at the end of Civil War because of the letter??
1	Could he be DB Cooper?
1	Of course he isn't, Collateral Beauty is way better than Psycho
1	I am sure that this new script will ensure that it doesn't suck
1	clearly this is because men get dragged along to movies they don't want to see, and women won't come with to see man movies.
1	Yeah, all those people... such innocent victims.
1	"but thank god the projects he was able to get off the ground were ""Tusk"" and ""Yoga Hosers""!"
1	But the Doom movie did sooooo amazing!
1	Amazing counterargument
1	Double Dragon and the Next Karate Kid
1	I KNOW RIGHT. He's literally been cast in this, Pacific Rim 2 AND the new Star Wars! 3 films!? THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
1	Bring Shaq as genie! He already has experience.
1	"I mean he obviously didn't know the movie was about rebels, so when she said ""I rebel"", she gave it all away."
1	This sub hasn't forgiven her for The Godfather Part III.
1	They already have a creative team:  the execs.  They've been the creative helmsmen from the get-go.
1	Women are people?! Where are you getting this jargon?
1	Wow who are these people to stifle the creative genius of our time?
1	Slightly?
1	Apparently children aren't into bondage
1	Spoiler tag damn it!
1	Think they have them in stock at most drug stores, could probably ordered it from Amazon as well. Just make sure you get the extended warranty on it.
1	He also watched YouTube videos of Abraham Lincoln to get his voice down too.
1	What a SJW thing of the studio to do, to cast an attractive and talented, normally-proportioned lead! It's almost as if they're adapting the 2013 reboot game, where are my triangular breasts from the original!
1	As long as it's an Overexposed image fading into something Woodlands
1	I see Pharrell decided to dress up for the picture.
1	But then it's not equal!
1	I'm so glad both this and the Lego Batman movie aren't coming out in Australia until months later, if at all.
1	No, but it was probably abused in the making of the movie, just like the GSD in was drowned.
1	How dare you
1	How dare you
1	Maybe, if we are lucky, we will start seeing a pandemic of baby Groot memes just like the funny minion memes.
1	Yeah I gotta learn not to come to this sub, I find out I actually hate all  the movies I like
1	Pfffffft citing your sources? Where do you think you are?
1	Oh, I guess i didnt see what I fucking saw then. All is good.
1	I think we all learned a valuable lesson here in that a dog's purpose is to entertain us.
1	No but his dogs like it so its pretty obvious that all dogs love water. Can you read?
1	Absolutely. Title says all is good so must be true!
1	"don't you mean ""let me in"""
1	Wow you have such an odd taste in favorite movies
1	So soon?
1	What!? You didn't laugh at overly sterotyped robot twins or dangling testicles of the fucking poor excuse of Devastator?! That shit was pure comedy gold!
1	What a sad lose to the world.
1	What about their Phineas and Ferb cameo?
1	I can't wait for them to join the discussion.
1	Right, because 90s kids could never enjoy something from the 70s-80s!
1	Kevin hart.  Fuck.  Something tells me it's going to be the exact same Kevin hart movie as the rest of his shit.  Except animated.  Yay.
1	I hope it will be live action.
1	But. But. Superman died... How could he POSSIBLY be standing there?!
1	Because the first one was so good.
1	I've never heard that statement before.
1	Maybe they could include the gangbang scene
1	PUP is only like my third favourite boy band, right after N'SYNC and Hanson
1	oh you really pinned me! Got me right in the music!
1	"You mean you don't want to watch a scene where a bunch of prepubescent boys run a train on a prepubescent girl because it ""makes their bond stronger?"""
1	or Netflix, they could even have Adam Sandler and gang star in it
1	proven by the economy not crashing every time a repub is prez
1	"Well he does have a tattoo that says ""Wino Forever"". He's a man of integrity for living up to his art"
1	Guy with white name fights against two guys - one with a Russian name and another with a Muslim name. What's not to like?
1	Yeah man, first person! Haven't you played the multiplayer??
1	That's not Samuel l Jackson?
1	[Check out Jerusalem's Lot, that's all I'm saying]
1	Oooh. Someone is going to start a religious war.
1	Shame that Oscar Winner Suicide Squad has such little love
1	ha ha autotune makes singers of us all
1	BURN HIM!!!!
1	Found u/peltis' girlfriend.
1	Are they gonna get us a babysitter?
1	Working with the DCEU will be much easier, I'm sure
1	Yeah don't forget that the critics enjoyed it too, but that's probably because they don't go on Reddit
1	Surprise.
1	Joss Whedon helming a property about a young woman with superpowers sounds like a *real* breath of fresh air
1	But why adapt an anime unless you can make $$$$$$$?
1	Because it won an academy award! They have to make a sequel.
1	Meryl Streep. She's got range
1	Can we add SPOILER tags to movie posters please? I feel like I've seen the WHOLE MOVIE already.
1	Coal keeps the lights on! It's literally the only source of power ever invented by humans. How can you have light without coal!?
1	Planets were invented by the Liberal Conspiracy to make people think about Science, and hurt America.
1	Hey didn't you get the memo, the biggest danger in this world are liberals not plant food gas.
1	You forgot about the lizard men. They're in that group as well!
1	Spoilers!
1	But think of the coal miners!
1	14 hours and 25 minutes
1	got my caps ready
1	Only they've changed the time period so we get to look forward to part 2 of a bunch of adults texting each other and looking shit up online. Oh yay.
1	So in a way, she's a ghost in a shell ? Wow, I'm shocked.
1	Dude spoilers!
1	Of course he colluded with the russians, how else could Hillary have lost? It was *Her Turn* you fucking white male
1	What do you mean? r/politics is the most unbiased, level headed subreddit there is.
1	Whoa, watch out guys. Scott's being deep.
1	So... Amy Schumer?
1	Wow, you learn something new everyday!
1	I'm so glad you don't use an
1	Hollywood sucks so bad they have to keep remaking movies.  Why not a woman IT, a la Ghostbusters?
1	The creators of Amazing Spider-Man 1 &amp; 2 and the green lit Aunt may trilogy won't butcher Spider-Man.  Hell I don't know why Marvel is even using the character.
1	Snyder is litteraly Hitler.
1	A meditative poem about the enormity of time? How's that pretentious
1	Whoa! A national monument blowing getting destroyed in a superhero flick!? groundbreaking
1	WOW! A superhero movie! That's new!
1	Iron Man 4: Birds and Spiders.
1	Oh man, you're telling me a Marvel trailer maybe suggests that the hero will probably win at the end and learn something about himself? SHOCKER.
1	Michael Keaton playing Birdman 2.0 for another shot at the Oscar.
1	No the other original one
1	Wrong actor- boobs too small
1	They said the fandom is trash learn to read pleb
1	I'd like to hear what Caitlin Jenner has to say on the matter.
1	Oh, you didn't get the memo? The airport fight has gone the way of Kingsman's church scene. You're no longer allowed to like it.
1	I didn't know the Romans crossed the Atlantic.
1	Like her armpits!
1	That's no excuse for raping my childhood.
1	Yeah because she was so great in Terminator
1	Ahh, the collar makes it look like he's an actual vulture! How clever!
1	Bats are birds right? It's in the Bible I think.
1	I'll have you know there's a fine line between Moana and Peppa Pig
1	Mad Max Fury Road was way more forgettable than spotlight.
1	I'm not sure what this movie is about, can someone reiterate?
1	Agreed. All films should be judged by the critical reaction they received in the first few weeks of release. Just because films that are decades of years old exist today and may be viewed in a different light doesn't mean we should re-evaluate films.
1	What's the problem? The majority of the US are white men
1	More superhero movies, how exciting!
1	Interesting idea. First I've heard of it.
1	Fuck me! And I was *just* going to watch it. Thanks, m8!
1	Death Star, Star Killer, Solar System Suffocator, Galaxy Destroyer, Universe Annihilator. So many possibilities!
1	Please, write more.
1	"Because DCU movies are supposed to be ""dark and deep"" unlike the MCU movies"
1	DCs newest animated feature looks good.
1	Nah bro. Put in him a robocop style suit where he can only make slight movement each time
1	Oh look, yet another superhero movie! So pumped
1	Maybe SJ identifies as Asian
1	Then she clearly had a terrible childhood and has too much baggage to date
1	That ass shot was a complete reference to the statue of David, were Bruce is literally the perfect embodiment of man. And here he is taking on am alien who is even better. Do you even snyder?
1	What? I thought Cyclops was for sure shooting real beams from his eyes and that Stark REALLY is in an Iron Man Suit
1	Every scene is gonna take place at night. The big twist is gonna be that all the Justice League heroes are secretly vampires and can't come out during the day. That way Snyder can justify his deep blue filter.
1	More super hero movies. Oh boy....
1	According to r/atheism, I've a severe learning disability if I do pray and according to you, I have a severe disability if I don't pray. I just can't win, can I?
1	YOUSONOFABITCH
1	God Damn Barry messing with the timeline again! !
1	But how can you enjoy something without critically tearing apart every aspect of its impact as an original work of art?
1	well this hasn't been done before
1	good to know that you're an expert in all casting calls for all movies/tv series
1	Isn't is rumored he 3D printed the suit from an email attachment?
1	Well looks like you fuckin jinxed it. Thanks genius
1	Michelle Rodriguez
1	Merly is overrated
1	Dude, you don't know how hard it is to be hot. It takes a lot of work to look good and be drowned in money.
1	Wow that Avengers building sure looks like a real building
1	That's FDR to you!
1	JUST LIKE SANDY HOOK!
1	Errgh, tired of these midget Engineers. I can't wait to see the giant Space Jokey!
1	TIL TV image quality in the 90s was the equivalent of a dusty VHS tape.
1	Looks at name, yeah I'm sure you are completely rational and not defending Schumer purely because she is for some god forsaken reason considered a feminist icon
1	Oh no, what wonderful role model are little girls going to look up to now?!?
1	$20 says his real name is Bob.
1	We did it Reddit! Our shadowy meetings in sub Reddit rooms to destroy her succeeded! PRAISE PEPE!
1	Aaaand thanks for reminding me of her again.
1	oh no i was really looking forward to this movie... and im such a huge amy schumer fan
1	Man trump and the alt right really do have influence everywhere.
1	It looks like a cheap knock off of the Avengers
1	#NOTMYFLASH
1	I heard you the first time!
1	Damn straight. When DC killed Superman, he stayed dead. Marvel is awful.
1	Hey, but at least we got Cyborg.
1	The f*ck are you doing Sony?!? Why not throw innthe Sinister Six, Secret Wars, and the Carnage storyline while you're at it.
1	No, no, don't you understand?!  Satisfaction with a film is an OBJECTIVE experience, with a right and a wrong way to react!
1	This is actually not Light. His is name is Dark which is the opposite. He looks so dumb, L would have a hard time figuring it out.
1	Looks like they're going out on a high note
1	You clearly have never seen The Super Mario Brothers with Mario Mario and Luigi Mario.
1	They wanted to avoid Project XXX.
1	Should not be a problem when net neutrality is gone.
1	No, it's Marvel that are R I S K Y
1	No because DC will be copying off of Marvel
1	*irregardless
1	But it won an oscar.
1	so did Ghostbusters!
1	I've heard of Happy Endings at massage parlors, now they are going to show one in a kids film?
1	Suicide Squad
1	Yeah you say this now, but give it a dozen years and you will see the Malaysian population in a major decline as the homosexualism runs rampant from all the young boys exposed to this movie during their youth because being gay is clearly something that is formed during childhood by watching movies like this.
1	But we need to shove diversity everywhere, regardless of whether it plays any part in the story!
1	This blatant exploitation of the male sexualality needs to stop! Someone think of the children!
1	I hate when previews ~~give away~~ are the whole movie!
1	Bruce Willis in Hudson Hawk
1	Talk about whitewashing! What next, a white Nutty Professor?
1	Lol a five second scene was sooo in your face. What overkill! Right guys!
1	Yay.
1	Yeah! He makes that actor who played the veterinarian look like an amateur! As if it was an overblown cameo!
1	"Ahh I get it, IP Man **""4""** with the 4 fingers... clever."
1	Oh is Thank your friend?
1	Wow, another existing cartoon turning into a live-action movie. Oh boy, how exciting.
1	Dang. I was kinda hoping to see Scarlett Johanssen singing Reflection as Mulan
1	Yet it couldn't beat Iron Man 3's $174 Million weekend haul. Unimpressive.
1	but LA LA LAND!!!!
1	Oh boy can't wait for modern day Hollywood to ruin another one of my favorite childhood movies.
1	Who will they cast? My top three choices for the role of Mulan are Anna Kendrick, Emma Stone, and... lets throw a wild card in there... How about Chloe Moretz, she knows Kung Fu.
1	You purist, still trying to make Roland white
1	Because he found his 'sound' watching Back to the Future duuuh
1	Nah dude huge controversy, my children are going to see that.
1	Looks like they needed to import the rock band. Way to live up to stereotypes with the black drummer and bassist!
1	Oh good! I was afraid the series might get overly complex and convoluted
1	You got that many the thetans behind you, your basically invincible
1	"I get it, they swapped ""skull"" for ""dull"" to illustrate how they found the film boring. This reviewer's got the jokes!"
1	Ur opinion is wrong lololol
1	Well who the hell is this Hans Zimmer guy anyway?!
1	I also hope Reddit does not follow and get rid of their 5 stars and go to some sort of basic up/down vote only system. It would be a major hit to the content and community
1	Better do an American remake.
1	Thrillers featuring a strong female lead is my favorite category on Oscar night though. I want to see the same 6 movies every time I switch categories!
1	Both need a better ~~hentai~~ anime catalogue
1	It just expressed the opinion that women deserve to die in hurricanes.  Noice!
1	See: The 9 year old who reacted by turning into a wandering murder and became an acolyte to a death cult leaving all her family behind on a different continent. Yeah, Arya's a *great* example
1	OMG DUDE, SPOILERS!!!
1	fuck you tag your spoilers
1	Well spoiler! now we know they all don't die in the 2nd one!
1	That worked for the thing
1	What are you talking about? Suicide Squad is an Oscar-winning movie!
1	"I dunno. I saw a lot of Food Continuity problems in ""The Incredibles"" during the Dinner argument scene."
1	Everyone knows if you don't watch it then it didn't happen!
1	In all fairness, I think they were throwing the possibility out there to McLovin when they were talking about how great it would be if everything was covered in semen.
1	Falcon Cap next! Who's with me?
1	BANNED IN THE USA
1	IT'S CALLED BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, NOT LeFOU HATES TITS!
1	Why would they cut a happy moment, since gay means happy.
1	Malaysian versions never show any illegal acts like murder either.
1	Yeah I think it's about time Reddit expose those Americans
1	Han shot first
1	They eat black people in Malaysia too! Or is it Thailand
1	Pfft. Why do the gays gotta ruin the beastiality movie with their agenda?
1	Sure..but when I tell my neighbours I love fido despite him being a dog they get all uppity
1	*Malaysia truly asia.*
1	Exactly. I mean, WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO TELL OUR CHILDREN!!??Are we supposed to just tell them some people are gay??
1	Got me. I bet you had no idea what I meant eh.
1	Because I need to let you know why my opinion is right and yours is wrong
1	Man they announce movies so early nowadays! I can't wait until 2049
1	I usually check the race of the writer-director before attending a movie
1	If you didn't like the movie you're a fucking racist.
1	Yeah cause all my mixed friends get treated white when looking black.
1	Yeah because there hasn't been any focus on accomplishments for white people
1	Of course they are still oppressed. Look at the gaping hole of opportunities blacks are lacking as adored athletes, trend setting musicians, millionaire actors, and overall pop culture icons.
1	I feel the same way dude, 100%. While we're on the subject, does anyone think Jackie Robinson is overrated? Like, way to manufacture a career into a 'race thing' mainstream media, am I right?
1	Who came up with the original idea to use a Death Star as the main plot point?
1	60's weren't great time for race relations. Who would've guessed?
1	It's like pharmaceutical drugs, we're subsidizing the rest of the world
1	But we have to be critical with our movies and not just want to see some high quality CGI vehicle transforming robots fighting each other and shit blowing up.
1	"And it's prequel ""Beginning of the Rise of the Planet of the Apes"""
1	"Very appropriate that the ""it's finally starting!"" headlines have been reposted every few days. I wonder if it will actually come to pass some day."
1	But wait, how can Baby Driver be based off this music video when it clearly copies Drive?
1	Oh look, Captain Kirk has his shirt off. As a man I am so tired of men being objectified and paraded around simply for their bodies. We are not just meat to oggle at.
1	And that character is *white*! Hah, gotcha Racist!
1	Thanks, I really dug deep for that one.
1	What you don't like cars jumping between skyscrapers?
1	Yah let's just set the precedent that pedophiles can just pay out for rape charges. I'm sure that will really get them were it hurts.
1	Someone had to say it
1	But... but... but... he has a right to share media and these big corporations should continue to provide him with entertainment whether he pays for it or not.
1	This was funny the first time. But not the second. Or the third. Or the fourth. Or the fifth. Or the sixth. Or the seventh. Or the eighth. Or the ninth. Or the tenth. Or the eleventh. Or the twelfth. Or the thirteenth. Or the fourteenth. Or the fifteenth. Or the sixteenth. Or the seventeenth. Or the eighteenth. Or the nineteenth. Or the twentieth. Or the twenty-first. Or the twenty-second. Or the twenty-third. Or the twenty-fourth. Or the twenty-fifth. But damn, it'll be funny this time, right?
1	THE single highest grossing film ever, not second highest. But, ya know, Reddit doesn't like it, so that means it'll fail obviously.
1	Because it doesn't, obviously.
1	Is this the new Grim Fandango game?
1	Immediately noticed the sword isn't piercing through the sand. This movie gonna flop.
1	OR just turn the saturation down on your TV, but either way. WOW BLACK AND WHITE!!!!
1	Yeah I'm sure those financial successes really gave the studio pause.
1	Sure you can, they're first years in *Sorcerer's Stone*, the magic they can do isn't THAT impressive.
1	Damn, was hoping for Jake Gyllenhall and Anna Kendrick in the lead roles.
1	Yeah, doing voice work for Pixar? That's some real bottom of the bucket, end-of-a-career desperation right there..
1	I thought about reprimanding you but your taste in movies is punishment enough.
1	I am shocked and/or surprised...
1	Just bring back Dan Castellaneta
1	This is disappointing, I thought Scarlett Johansson would've been perfect for this role
1	What?! You mean Anne Hathaway won't play Princess Jasmine?
1	And good luck getting into the US, SUCKERS!
1	Can't they just give Tom Hanks a spray tan and call it a day?
1	Oh snap. He sure did.
1	Oh my! Not brown people.
1	"You're are right ""Sandniggers"" is a totally acceptable term"
1	I'd like to see Matt Damon as Aladin
1	"Oh yeah, it would definitely be ""islamophobic"". People would really give a shit. I totally haven't grown up watching Hollywood movies with sociopathic Russian spies and Arab terrorists my entire fucking life. Hollywood is sooooo politically correct."
1	So kids can relate. It's why children hate Raiders of the Lost Ark and Star Wars.
1	Just how they  recast Charles even tho he was in apocalypse aswell.
1	Yay. Another kid.
1	Oh no, they changed a fiction character's haircut! literally unwatchable!
1	Didn't Vincent Chase already play this role?
1	Oh no they used 2 famed white actresses whose character archetypes are well known to people. Those damn white supremacist !
1	Yeah, but Jenna is kinda, well, dorky.
1	He really knows how to make a movie feel special
1	OP said animated.
1	Especially Halle Berry as Storm.
1	What, you wanted it banned? How dare you?!
1	Your right; it's not a joke that merely went over your head, in truth it's an elegant metaphor for the whole of society and our individual struggle to fit in and live up to cultural &amp; social expectations. Or maybe it's a code for Chinese spies detailing exploitable weak point in the US infrastructure.
1	Maybe all the gay propaganda in the movie will compel him to.
1	BUT TOM CRUISE ISN'T A 12ft TALL BODYBUILDER LIKE IN THE BOOK AND THAT COMPLETELY RUINS THE STORY
1	"Yeah, it was totally not cheesy to end the story with ""hope."""
1	Yay! A remake!
1	Wait-  you've never seen 'Cop Out'?
1	That really hurts my feelings
1	The entire cast isn't white. Therefore: PC.
1	I mean, yeah I guess this girl is *pretty* good, but she's nothing compared to Marlon Brando in On The Waterfront. Call me when she wins an Oscar.
1	Bloody foreigners coming to London and taking the jobs of our own cheerful Cockney chimney sweeps.
1	"well they helped us understand that the Joker is ""damaged."""
1	Are you sure it's not Zooey Deschanel?
1	They cant use Bolivar - he's the Lich King now
1	wtf he didnt have The Dark Knight.
1	Hilarious
1	My bad. You're right... gay people didn't exist in 1700 France. I have no idea why you're being downvoted.
1	No, Belle is a man in drag
1	Jack and Jill is the only one I've ever liked
1	Of course. After seeing all those clips, I suddenly became gay and started doing large gay men.
1	Wow that's so clever!
1	Did you watch it? Obviously Deadpool 2 is a story about a phone booth and a single murder
1	Doesn't exist because whitewashing is racist and you can't be racist against white people
1	Fucking Mulan man, it's like the liberals had to be so in-your-face
1	I think there was a gay couple in Moonlight, too. Not sure though.
1	Of course Logan is the type of guy to have a picture of himself.
1	That just means that the Greek were the original fascists.
1	What are you talking about? Suicide Squad was released 6 months ago.
1	But don't you know? Pretty shot composition is all cinematography is!
1	Look we all know if they had swastikas they would be in reference to the Hindu symbol of peace bc the human society was a peaceful utopia that was forced to act on murderous bug aggression.
1	God Damned Mormon Extremists!
1	La La Land crew is a relentless bunch
1	Time for a live action Ranma 1/2?
1	Or it's a leftist account pretending to be a racist recruiter
1	In reality he was boycotting because of the Academy snubbing him for that *totally Oscar-worthy* performance in Allied
1	That's so creative haha!!!
1	Yay, social justice movies! Can't wait! So excited!
1	That's lil Yatchy's account
1	Yeah. There's totally no way of denoting sarcasm.
1	But the money is just so good.  How else is G. Rush going to support his cocaine habit.
1	What a unique statement!
1	PWC? Isn't that just some local bookkeeping firm in California? Surely can't be that big of a deal.
1	Jason Sudeikis being in it didn't give you hope?
1	Bro.... bro... bro. Disney is the most historically accurate film company ever. Like their interpretation of Lightning McQueen's historic win in Cars, mind blowing man. Or when a little panchod started talking to bears and tigers in Punjab, totally accurate. This is Disney, not 20th Century Fox who refuse to have their characters wear yellow spandex to piss off internet peeples.
1	Pretty sure that was meant as
1	Marvel needs to stop changing the race of our old characters! Make up new ones if we need more white people!
1	no
1	But she couldn't hack herself off the planet, if it was on Arrow then Felicity could hack the Alien spacecraft and downloading a terraflop of data.
1	I love being able to tell the entire movie from the trailer.
1	All this is really just an effort by Planned Parenthood to find a better way to abort?
1	The Godfather Part III
1	You're being stupid out of pity? I feel so much better now
1	But... but.... da characters were cliches and the dialogue corny!
1	oh no rich kids got scammed
1	"I heard that it's going to be titled ""fire festival"""
1	Sounds great.
1	Smash mouth is playing next month in the tropical island of Long Beach, CA.
1	So.. basically any music festival?
1	that's just what i always pictured roland looking like
1	No way man cause you can't be racist against whites
1	Of course not. Don't you see his bombardier blue eyes?
1	Hmmm wonder if I need to watch the first 5 to understand the plot?
1	You saw how successful Marvel was with changing characters races, genders, and sexual orientations.
1	Got me, Yes his name is pewdiepie.
1	Yeah, I love quality films like *Cars 2*.
1	Cynt? Wow, I didnt know we Carrey fans knew sych language.
1	Of course the top-voted comment is a reference to Chinatown. Fucking r/movies and it's superhero movie obsession.
1	Oh yay, another reboot that no one is asking for!
1	"At work, when someone makes a big mistake that's gonna cost the company some money, we say ""Someone really Nolan'ed it up."" When the same person tries to fix the mistake and makes the problem worse, naturally we say it an ""inception"". Christopher will be a punchline in hollywood the same way Anthony Weiner is in politics."
1	...Just look up his home address on Google and give him a visit. Wait until nightfall though, and don't use the front entrance.
1	One multiple! As opposed to many multiples! Learn to read!
1	I was thinking *Overboard* but I guess you have a point
1	I know. Like, how dare Doctors who have 8+ years of training before practicing medicine make determinations based on science instead of someones feelings.
1	That's boring and slow
1	I dunno, shower death by pubic mutilation seemed PG-13'ish to me.
1	But not May the 4th because people have too many other plans and wont be thinking about Star Wars at all
1	Total missed opportunity for the release on May the Fourth. I'm so disappointed. get your shit together Disney
1	You mean Indiana Jones 4 right?
1	Oh totally I mean there was no way my elementary school mind would seperate me from the over the top villains and kill the message.
1	Ahhh yes, gamesradar. What an amazing source for film news.
1	But season 4 was so well thought-out and cleverly constructed!
1	UMMM??? That's because Amber Whored was lying and now she's going to steal Tesla from Elon Musk
1	Whelp, looks like I'm moving to LA to be a scab.
1	Yeah my girlfriend likes to rate the dying soldiers on Omaha Beach in Saving Private Ryan
1	But The Punisher show isn't out yet!
1	Hahah that would be absolutely hilarious OMG
1	Someone stating their opinion about the MOVIE the post is about? In r/movies?! How dare they!
1	Oh, so sorry I negatively affected your imaginary internet points
1	Nah, it doesn't ring a bell
1	Or you give filmmakers the freedom to make the movie they want? Which is what? What James Gunn did? Oh wow. What a surprise that the film ended up good.
1	retards
1	"What is the ""disagree"" button for then?"
1	We just make assumptions of films based on other peoples opinions and roll with that
1	Idk 1000 is a lot. And obviously we're talking about English-language movies after about 1970
1	^^^ This guy definitely doesn't work for the actor's PR firm.
1	America as a country doesn't really count because it's quite big and they would never have been one if it weren't for french money/military
1	Yeah, something like that
1	Bro! Don't think it, don't say it!
1	Not even color?
1	Yay
1	That's not Jurassic World 2, that's Ancient Futures!
1	That's what you get for watching SAO.
1	Yeah that's why it got nominated for best picture and won a bunch of Oscars, because no one thought it was good
1	Totally shocked that you have no response
1	Cause these movies are so packed with good ideas, tight writing, and engaging dialogue that it's just impossible to squeeze these into the film proper.
1	Yea. Because black people are born jazz fans and it's in their nature to be jazz purists. How absurd.
1	Well that trailer spoiled the entire movie, gave away everything.
1	Ah yes, those Marvel cheaters making enjoyable, solid movies! How dare they have a coherent storyline and good characters!
1	there you go not global
1	Having the review embargo lift after the movie is out in several regions is also a good sign.
1	Then China has to be racist as hell just like this sub said 2 years ago!
1	Right, cause I'm sure the plot is really what drives people to see the films
1	Yeah, because Whedon has a long history of helpless women in his projects.
1	Im so glad i know this going into the second movie
1	Brainiac. They'll try to make him the James Spader(Ultron) of DC.
1	Yeah dude, America has such better taste than the rest of the world
1	Oh man, that's waaayyy too edgy for the likes of me! Damn, that would be too thought provoking and offensive to my sensibilities.
1	Trade routes can be *pretty* interesting. Every 12yo I know loves to learn about them!
1	Vince Vaughn was also tied and raped in Wedding Crashers. Man that was *hilarious*
1	Fake Star War!
1	"I hate this as well, and try to skip it. Especially like last season, pretty sure one of the ""previously on got"" intros showed the red wedding or the one story. Made the pie thing such a surprise"
1	underrated
1	Wow, you really take your phone out while everyone around you is trying to enjoy the trailers? Asshole.
1	James Bond films?  Roger Moore was supposed to be James Bond in those movies?
1	Dude, get over yourself. It's 2017.
1	24fps literally unwatchable
1	Just turn your brain off and they're a blast!
1	24 FPS smh is this a movie for a peasant console
1	I dunno, man, I'm a lot more frightened of clowns than I am of nothing.
1	If there isn't an 11 year old gangbang it isn't true to form
1	Woah! Cool explosions and shit! Woah! I'm so excited! I'm a manchild!
1	All of which lead to the fucking prequels. Take your fancy quotin' and be off before you jinx the good movies.
1	Actually, this time it will be built on an actual star instead of being a space station or built into a planet. Gotta go bigger!
1	You just can't see them.
1	Only 52? Hopefully they're at least 45 minutes each, amateur.
1	Nuance in my Star Wars characters? Get the fuck outta here!
1	That's okay. 15-20 minutes is all it takes for a normal person to fall in love with an animal too.
1	whaat? that first shot of her hand slapping down on the ground didn't get your juices flowing?
1	That's what the next ones are for. ^
1	Yea, no one wants introspection and soul-searching! Give us more things blowing up and add in some transforming robots!
1	I don't know, the 45 minutes of Barbara going after Rapey Fonz wasn't that bad.
1	Heavy
1	Great, now I know that something happens in the last episodes of the show! Thanks, asshole
1	Wow, they dressed everybody up really really well. I'm sure this movie will be the shit
1	Like the one where Terry Pratchett contacted a physician for assisted-suicide, sent an eerie tweet before he naturally died and the physician he was working with beforehand verified that he died naturally and not at all via assisted-suicide.
1	Because deep down inside, we wanted Amon Goeth to win and get the girl.
1	I've been poring over IMDB and I got nothin'.
1	Josh Brolin, eh?  There definitely won't be any Thanos-related jokes in this movie.
1	No, it doesn't matter how forced it is. Shoehorn it in. EVERYTHING is about equality nowadays.
1	That just means you're drinking it too slow
1	Yes because the Chinese would have absolutely hated the movie if Jet Li kissed Aaliyah.
1	While we're at it let's make a Jar Jar Binks movie too!
1	And who would've thought it only took the end of the world for that to happen.
1	You forgot to include Emma Stone
1	That's because white people have white trash weighing them down...
1	Those crazy Asians don't know how whitewashed the garbage they're cramming down their throats is!
1	What do you mean? The generic Hollywood orchestral BWAAAAAMMMs during the spider tank scenes were sooooo good
1	Oh wow. This has me pumped. Turtle necks and plaid suits are so badass. Especially when dudes are sitting in chairs looking angry. Wow. So pumped.
1	So
1	Well, i suppose in DCs defence, most avengers costumes are cgi
1	You're missing the point here. Thor's hair is different! This is a bold and fearless movie.
1	Dude, spoilers!
1	Yeah, normally people have to lie about Cate Blanchett looking hot
1	This is bullshit, fucking critics are so stuck in the past! Like there's no movies from the 2000s here at all, disgusting bias!
1	He's a really underrated director.  Have you heard of the film Memento?  It's probably the most underrated movie of all time, right next to In Bruges.
1	sorry idiot his next film takes place in world war ii
1	Yeah, but it was shot on 16mm black and white film!
1	Yeah, man, that never get's old! LOL!!!11!!one!
1	What are you talking about. Max Height sounds like a great title for a Hollywood blockbuster
1	Cause he's the oldest and everyone knows Smurf hierarchy is based heavily on facial hair to assert adult status.
1	*The Arrival* staring Charlie Sheen
1	Yeah I remember the flood of horror films that came out after that one with the found footage gimmick
1	Thanks a lot for the spoilers, guys. Now we know she doesn't die in part 8.
1	Proving once again that the power of song and dance... turns men gay
1	Is he still alive? Last I heard was that Hillary killed him with her devil powers.
1	Spoiler much?!
1	What? She didn't like Johny Depp playing a Native American?
1	No we aren't.
1	I am amazed that they got so many quality comedians and they were all named Peter Sellers. What are the odds of that happening?
1	Become a coal miner! Those jobs are coming back.
1	But guys... what if Ep 8 bombs?
1	You don't understand. It was filmed over a period of 12 years. That means it's amazing and deserves praise.
1	November 1st 2021? I can't wait that long!
1	Bold move, Disney, filming a *Star Wars* sequel before *The Last Jedi* is released.
1	Yeah, if they didn't show the alien in the marketing materials then nobody would know what it looks like, and it would be a surprise!
1	Yeah, as a balding man i took it super personally and it cut me deeply when Hannibal Lector was portrayed with thinning hair.
1	Bro do you love nirvana too?! They make the best shirts!
1	So between you and the other guy this movie could have made 15 pounds?!  You're why they don't make indie films!
1	Can't wait for the sequel
1	Should've casted Rhonda Roussey
1	But what about Deadpool?
1	Poor D.C., this role is so difficult. So happy he finally gets to end it. I know it was a difficult choice.
1	Yeah but he's Asian so that's ok
1	Yea, this movie certainly doesn't look like crap.
1	Will Ferrell runs his shows well
1	Yeah, but the trailer doesn't spoil the whole movie, right guys?
1	I feel the same. I read an interview with Scarlett about the movie where she denies whitewashing and says the controversy is really over her supporting women's reproductive rights. So she's really stretching to reflect any blame off her. What she doesn't realize is, like you said, could affect actresses getting blockbuster leads because if Ghost fails then it must be because she's a woman.
1	So do you guys think Moonlight's good?
1	He didn't say he loved you or your post. He just said he loved Reddit. You're being presumptuous and clingy, OP. Ew.
1	Well that's just average female form.
1	What are you doing not posting prequel memes?! Get outta here
1	r/hailcorporate
1	Guess you had the wrong type of mental health issue
1	Um... gonna need a source on the original pic... for science
