0	Yo dawg I herd you like yo computer to be fucked up, so I fucked up yo google so you can fuck up while it fucks up!
1	Hey, look at me!  I'm saying shit about MS.  I'm so cool and popular!
0	60 years? Really? They've been testing LED bulbs for that long?
0	In the future, this shall be seen as barbaric cruelty, like robots stomping on ambulatory fish.
0	"I was referring to the ""original"" picture, the orginal uri the story linked to did not have the obelisk. The posters question was referring to the obelisk."
1	next were ganna find out @barackobama isnt him, then my world will truly be crushed =(
0	That's a horribly convoluted title.
1	I'm sure glad this article links to the patch.
0	No one's a winner here.  Not even this.
0	"I assumed he meant the Washington monument when zzleeper stated ""just near the river""."
0	call me when he is off his knees and israel's dick isn't in his mouth any more
1	Yeah, their directory services and their sql server suck so hard. What were they thinking just boot legging that crap?
0	1. A fucking list of lists
0	He's not talking about Stepbrothers, he's talking about Rounders.
1	yeah cause haaretz being written by 'jews' ... would never publish any pro-palestinian articles.
0	You could always use a cable and boost your speeds by an order of magnitude.
1	Ooo yeah, we need to keep a tech tax (licencing fees) on businesses to keep them in line.  Only that money should go directly to big companies who force them to pay annual fees to get complex 'security' updates (even though those updates are really just errors in the original program).
1	Yeah exactly, its not like anyone uses Linux for their servers at any major datacenters, not like Linux makes up a huge chunk of the server market that's probably running the very website you're looking at.
0	*faps furiously*
0	I like U2's older stuff.
0	I wish i could find it, but there is an article somewhere from a group of psychologists who were given information about prominent religious leaders (Mohammed, Jesus, Moses, etc.) and without knowing who they were, classified them as delusional and even dangerous. how true
0	Sometimes when I visit Russian discussion sites, I get the feeling that Russian government employs similar tactics as well.
0	That's actually pretty awesome. Finally we get some concurrent apps. That's one limitation on the Apple platform that bugs me (as a user).
0	Al yur bass r belooonnnng to us.
0	Ehh you'd be better off buying loads of Pixar movies. Steve Jobs only makes $1/year as Apple's CEO, unless you count stock options. But he owns Pixar so go for it.
0	"I don't know, but I think the fact that its name is made up of substrings of ""Livejournal"" and ""MySpace"" gives a good indication."
0	Once you're owned, you're owned. Just wipe and be done with it.
0	A Wii controller built into their phones?  What the frack am I doing with this lump of coal, Sprint Rumor then.  Geez!
0	Aah.  Twitter is a hamburger.
0	No, I simply use both.
0	"Google knew the websites would just buy a new URL. And they did. Have you seen the notice page? It's a joke: ""We are not supposed to sho you _this_""."
0	I imagine reddit does this sort of thing too.
0	We've got to have at least one derogatory word. Seems like stupid is the most problematic one to make un-PC, so it stays.
0	You took the words right out of my mouth.
1	What? No way!
0	No one said having an empire wasn't good for anything.
0	I would respectfully disagree, I would (seriously) love to know how you came to that conclusion - not just for a pissing contest but because I would judge the US as (although it does depend on which state to a degree) the worst of the bunch.
0	That's because way back when copyright was reasonable in length and wasn't (a) ridiculously long and (b) being extended faster than things came out of copyright.
0	I only had to pull connection records once in 5 years.  The funny thing was that the time skew on the terminal servers was so bad (it was off by days by that time) that there was no way to trace a particular user to a specific time.  I think he was trying to buy porn with a military credit card.
0	Yeah, seriously.  Having eyeglasses perform this function (and even better, integrated computers so you can surf the web from wherever, whenever) would be great, but I don't see the need to put the stuff actually in your eyes.
0	Agriculture.
0	Kind sir you almost forgot your monocle.
0	Mmm... do they have reliable power/net connections?
0	Handcrafted, and ready to be used once.
1	Since the people who are organized to recycle them are inherently good people (why else would they work to recycle them?), I'm just going to assume it's not that big of a deal.  I mean, what are they going to do?  Harvest our personal data and invade our privacy for some sort of monetary gain?
0	I've done it on purpose to fix a crash somewhere or other. It's really a non-event. Get him to delete kernel.exe, now that's fun.
1	Yeah, computers are totally incapable of working on anything other than local time.
0	"a simple ""4.85 Beta 4"" would have sufficed... but thanks."
0	The starter edition has been around since XP. It's obviously working as well as they want in those markets.
0	And there needs to be a paper trail.
1	yep like OSX is just crap. thats why the hackintosh community is total nuts. You are totaly right.
0	meh...I guess a 10mb size limit host with FTP, atleast 200mb of hosting space and unlimited bandwidth doesn't exist :(
1	... B-b-but that's the government. They would act in our interest, not self-interest, right?
0	Awful title.
0	Oh, you mean those dressed up Volkswagen Touaregs?
0	I bet you that hulu has more influence with the content providers than we do.
0	the ones in shops are on private property. Local authorities run the street cameras which then get monitored (or not) by private security firms.
1	But, Apple is virus-proof?! This has got to be a Microsoft conspiracy.
1	Ooh what fun! The corporations and government are taking away all of my privacy!  Cool!
0	surprisingly no 'asdf' or 'qwer'
0	It means you're a lot closer to standard compliant than if you fail it.
0	I'm not saying that nothing will need to change, I'm just saying it probably won't require a massive change (or a massive amount of capital to make that change).
0	I imagine a day when every movement of ever plane, car, man woman and child is monitored from giant dirigibles thousands of feet up in the sky, for on this day we will all be truly free.
0	Where is the rest of the story?
0	voted up for truth.
0	That's a horrible idea. I use backround tabs for music all of the time.
0	Unjust enrichment requires a legal judgment though. A lawyer would cost Apple as much as 3 mini's.
0	That's only 2D TV, unless they're planning to add a row of vertical cameras.
0	BTW, I care that you don't care :(
1	Moar peepl!
0	LOL WUT?
0	How does opinion on the appearance of outer wear on that computer indicate fan boyishness?
0	Yes, but they are still cops.
0	...and the browser doesn't feel bloaty.
0	Some Legacy business software requires the host Operating System to have Internet Explorer 6 installed to function correctly.
0	The problem isn't that its a charge-for service.   the problem is that google stumbles onto its answers and regurgitates them as if its actually FOUND what you're looking for.   Which is no problem now that you can scroll down to see it,  but just the same,  its annoying.
0	That title is worthy of a 1000 upvotes.  Well done!
0	must have run out of apostrophes as well
0	If the guy's name was Steve Evets, I'd have to go out of awe.
1	Great this will totally kill off piracy and lead to record sales of CDs and DVDs.  Just like the Napster and Kazaa cases.  Good for the artists.
0	Those capacitors fucking hurt when they discharge into me.
0	Where is she now.  Does she have a facetwitterspace account?
1	Its about time someone noticed you degenerate linux users, glad the cops are finally cracking down. WINDOWS FOREVER
0	i hate it when windows is on the computer i'm trying to use.
0	sometimes when I am writing comments, just in the middle of the sentence I
0	If they get away with this then expect all the other providers to do the same.
1	Oh, is that all? Then what's the fuss about?
0	Easily
0	All paid for by the taxpayer. Citizens are paying for the gov to spy on them! WTF?!
0	If there's a block of apartments and an evil murderer lives in one of them, should the FBI raid and kick everyone out from every single apartment? or just the one who did the evil?
1	Didn't they tell us we are supposed to believe that pirating contributes to terrorism? ...that pirates are terrorists?
0	There's no uncertainty about that.  Looks like Heisenberg was definitely there.
0	I honestly think this is the most overhyped April Fool's joke of all time.
0	Your ass must be really burnt by now.
1	I know -- Finally! Right? I just heard about it yesterday, **THANK GOD** I didn't have to wait more than 24 hours for a video presentation, *GAWD* !
0	that is what she said.
0	Dear U.K: The book 1984 was a warning not a blueprint!
0	and who determines it is justified if not a judge? that logic leaves plenty open for abuse.
0	Yes, it's far too big to fail.
0	I know I can't make a shit without eating.
0	Am I the only one who thinks that, if republicans had won the election, the FTC would never have gone after these crooks?
0	Back in the day we used to use just plain text,   no pretty colors.  It was like the wild west.
0	eh, whatever, you can get indignant if it makes you feel better. Thanks for at least providing something to back up your assertions first though.
0	That 5 minutes must be served in a prison cell full of hungry lions.
0	*Whooooosh!*
1	I'm really impressed that he can edit video like that by stopping and starting the camcorder. I'm sure that Final Cut sales will plummet after this new technique gets gains traction.
0	Staten Island has a rail system, but no subway.
0	I thought the whole point of Chrome was to be a lightweight, basic browser? Don't plugins kind of defeat that?
0	"""That was _my_ arm rest, _bitch_!"""
0	It wasn't meant to be a direct quote, and we'll see if it gets approved and whether he'll veto it. BTW- I voted for Obama and urged others to do the same.
0	I've never understood the problem with IE and the EU.  I wonder if they would have had the same problems if you could uninstall IE.  While I don't think it's fair (as OSX ships with Safari, Ubuntu with Firefox, and I wouldn't be surprised to see a version of Chrome on Android netbooks), I do see where they are coming from.
1	Nice to see he learned his lesson
0	It doesn't use quite as much diesel  in the day time
0	Because cellphone thefts are so much less common than CC thefts.
0	"I'm beginning to think *you're* a ""Microsoft Mafia"" thug, charged with making Linux/OSS enthusiasts look bad.  You're certainly doing a fantastic job of it."
1	But that would be sexist!
0	All jokes aside, if the Ultimate upgrade was half off, I'd seriously consider it, but it's not, so no.
0	Looks like I'm going to start a newspaper in Holland. Circulation of one.
0	Yup. The American customer is a dream come true!
0	FF is my main browser, but I completely close it 4-5 times a day because of memory leaks. Who uses FF without extensions and plugins? Who browses from the command line? Very unrealistic demonstration. FF behaves much better under Win7, my default OS.
1	You did a great job of using facts and not injecting personal opinion.
0	Well, every tax is a tax on life. If you don't pay it they'll be confiscating it.
1	You can customize it though, they ask if you want it to be the default browser!
0	"That would appeal to the Japanese market. ""NOW: Browser commits Seppuku before, so you don't have to after."""
0	That means it's cold, right?
1	Trains? Do we have those here in the United States?
0	Does this mean if you promise to use low quality linux they'll pay you to use their netbook?
0	What also works is picking a female/feminine user name
0	Because **there's a set of things that are legal if you're not a monopoly but illegal if you are.**
0	I got an old ass-samsung phone used for 30 bucks online. It's smart enough to receive my calls and texts, it's smart enough for me!
0	"On a Ubuntu box? Granted, in terms of Linux distributions Ubuntu isn't exactly ""hardened,"" but I can't think of a single piece of Linux malware in the wild."
1	According to CSI every camera ever made including ATM and airport security cameras have at least this resolution or higher.  I'm suprised you guys didn't know that.
0	Exactly.  Everyone knows the goblins can't stand gold.  I've even seen the research!  It was published by... wait a sec.
0	"no. I was referring to the comment ""not a lot of cursing and swearing, not a lot of cut downs,"" etc."
0	Has anyone made a tool to automagically populate these darknets with a mirror of the regular internet so there's actually something interesting to do with them if you're not a political dissident or a pedophile?
1	Oh come now.  Surely they'd never stoop so low as to charge someone with tax evasion simply because there wasn't enough evidence for a conviction on other counts...
1	Yeah, bring back livesearch!
0	It's insane that Americans think this about China and not think that their own mainstream television *isn't* propaganda. We have a free press in America by God!
0	Bullshit
0	You didn't get it before? This whole thing has been beat to death.
0	I'm not going to try and get an H1-B after this. Hello, Canada!
0	Wow they make it seem so fun and exciting, adrenaline rush, woohoo.  Fuck bungee and skydiving.  Just flip a cop the bird and you too can have your tazer time.
0	Yeah, I was trying to find that statistic, but the best I could find was in that article where it's something like 80% at good schools and 14% at community colleges.  I would love to see the true completion rate.
1	I appreciate your contribution to reddit and your support of interesting and robust discussion
1	Food shortages, water or resource wars, famine.  On the bright side, it'll be toasty warm.
1	That will never catch on!
0	It seems a bit of a problem with the system that you can vote on something before listening to the actual content. I bet they fixed that in a later version.
0	You know you have the right to remain silent.
0	There's lettuce on your shirt.
0	minus time value of the money.
0	That is marketing propaganda directly from the company EyeTap, Inc. Wikipedia sucks like that.
0	this put a big, stupid smile on my face
1	Because people don't like Apple, and if you're saying an Apple competitor sucks, then you're saying Apple is good, when we all know Apple is pure evil.
0	"Fifteen years from now: ""And no one cried""."
1	Right because there wasn't napster nor programs available to convert your current cds to mp3s
1	Unpossible! Firefox is infallible!
1	Yes, please filter what i intended to use the internet connection i paid for. Thank you
0	With how anti-cop reddit tends to be? Methinks that would be unwise.
0	Seems like an awful lot of work for $33.  You can always make more money.  You can't make more time.
0	The cabin is not water tight.
0	And fish! On fire! Shot at high velocities across the track! Flaming flying fish!
0	I believe that was the joke.
1	No, it's a brave new OS, not just another Linux distro. Don't you read the news?
1	Ya. Just add the picture and add an effect. Real Easy
0	I imagine targeting certain backbone providers routers can cause a similar effect. Yet it would take a vast ammout of zombies to do such a thing.
0	Yeah, because so many people are using OS X on their netbooks.
0	The Social Security number is one of the most useful pieces of information for identity theft.
0	"It's nice that technology that companies are using is ""trickling down"" to services that individuals can use. Cisco has a sweet IP/mobile phone that automatically switches from cellular to Wi-Fi when you come in range of your APs."
0	The irony for me is that as I read the article, and ad for NOD32 was flashing on the side.
0	Huh?
0	Damn you!
0	So it's more like The Terminator then?
0	GOOD RIDDENS I SAY
0	How is it not?  Both have a display screen you must look at to see the current channel/xm station/cd/mp3 you are choosing (for the radio) or texting from.  Both have small buttons you must use to navigate the interface for song selection or texting.   Describe for me why they're different.   Understandbly pressing one preset button isn't what I'm talking about, but mind you a large number of phone also have preset text messages.    Now with the newer radios, 100s of stations to choose from on sat radios,  thousands of possible songs on an ipod or mp3 dvdr/cdr, or even just navigating through the fm range requires your attention, the same attention you say differs from that of someone texting.
0	Haha. First time I used a web browser was on an Xterm. Even when companies moved to Windows, we still ran xterm software connected to one of a few HP machines to do al of our core (scientific and engineering) work.
0	Don't apologize, this is truly cool stuff!
0	We *are* the net.
0	Don't you have to live in the US or Canada?
0	How come American plugs don't have an earth?
0	Wrong subreddit.
0	GNU/Linux.
0	It sucks with a touchpad.
0	uhhhh... I think you replied to the wrong person.
1	Wow, I will completely believe this random tweet cited when others are linking to identified G1 devs in the forums.
0	Doesn't this defeat the point of invites? Won't you be penalized if those you invite abuse it?
0	It's worse than having to choose between Schindler's List and Sophie's Choice.
0	Well, that explains why so few people use cell phones.
1	del *.xml
0	2+2=5
0	Twitter has to die. This is useless.
1	Aluminum clearly does not work as well as tin.  I bet the government forced the changeover to aluminum foil because it was tuned to their frequencies.
0	Which decades/years are your books from?
0	toolchecker.exe wants to inform you miss a 9mm wrench. Allow/Cancel?
0	Sounds like a DRM.
0	Marketing.
0	I suspect that the Internet itself will need a radical reworking, just from a purely technological perspective.  A severe economic downturn, with a resulting drop in Internet use, could provide a window of opportunity to do this.
1	So you're telling me this was in no way about the Google Voice and Latitude apps? Yeah, totally Apple. I believe you.
0	Dude, it is spread out over 13 pages. Downvoted just for that nonsense.
0	Because Apple is cool! How do I know? Apple told me so! And I believe them because I gave them $3500 for a personal computer.
0	Ever read Platos Allegory of the Cave?  That's how I feel about you qwerty-ites.
0	Same here.  I didn't realize I was from the future.
1	530? Wow, is that some kind of European, adorably small engine option?
0	There have been a few.  The first got tracked down in less than an hour because he used his reddit screename in other places which were linked to his real name.
0	well, I had fun twiddling my hands for a year, waiting for this day :-D
0	Any chance I could get/purchase your account/invite from you? Would greatly appreciate it!
0	Hey, wanna come to *my* Windows 7 Launch Party?
1	How can anything go wrong with such a database?
0	I never got a Bsod for the past 2 or 3 years and if graphic drivers crashes they restart and the softwares I was using are still running. If your computer crashed then maybe you should learn to maintain/use it.
0	He's well on his way with his mini submarine and *missile-proof windows*
0	Babysteps...the right to *know* being  the first.
0	I'm having trouble understanding this. The BBC sometimes airs third-party content? And the third parties don't want certain people to be able to see it? Who?
1	I'm sure Norton antivirus for Mac is 99% of Symantec's revenue.
0	Because you replied to me, I'll reply back. Fuck no, I'm so sick of all computer advertising, esp. MS and Apple. I did, however, recently make the decision to buy a MacBook Pro and am beyond impressed with the consistency and polish of Mac OS; however, I do have Windows 7 installed via Boot Camp for Fallout 3 and Valve games. I have no desire to run Windows anymore; even 7 is simply a spit-shine to a platform that needs killing off.
1	This is a much easier fix than using hotmail.
0	They hit banking and manufacturing snags, but it's almost ready.
0	your disclaimer means that you're not the target audience: the ads are aimed at people who use a computer because they have no other choice and are baffled by the complexity and learning curve involved to do useful work. These ads are not aimed at IT professionals.
0	Actually if you were clever enough you might be able to package it into two files. But that's cumbersome.
1	Thanks for saying that my grandparents, mother, and best friend all deserve to be beaten.
1	You talk like a fag, and your shit's all retarded.
1	Not me, I take everything Steve gives me and I defend it to the death.  Steve is my GOD.  If he thinks I should have extra software every time I update quicktime, then he is right and I agree with his decision.  If you think otherwise, you are a HATER!!!!!!!!!
0	"I thought the same thing. I immediately did a couple ""ctrl -"" to bring it back to normal, lol. Didn't realize they changed the page until it loaded up that way the 2nd time I went there, haha."
0	Might start to get heavy.
0	I used it today.
0	iZac
0	Saw you had negative and upvoted. I'd like to meet your Scottish grandfather. He sounds delightful.
0	Often called a pump.
0	Well then who the heck is making these decisions? Did Jobs surround himself with idiots who are only capable of making great forward-thinking ideas when he's around?
0	For apartments that's pretty common.  Keeps the tenants from having multiple companies running wires and making a mess.
0	Maybe he wasn't born blind?
0	I have a friend who wanted to try and take advantage of the deal, but he wasn't sure if it was possible since he hasn't been paying for their shit internet connection.
0	Elepsi inducer? Possibly.
1	So, there are service guarantees and remedies in a service contract??  Hot damn, stop the presses!
0	I've had nothing but problems with my Moto Q, and it's really turned me off to Windows Mobile.  I think I'll be switching to the Droid ASAP.
0	"It brings me comfort because when fucked up shit happens I can just say ""Oh, its just for the show. Its not real."" Then I smile crazily."
0	Its only for android though no ?
0	Then a friend could bring some steel, and you could get together and totally pretend to be terrorists! Awesome!
0	No, he said he was _in_ a boat. Different song.
1	And he works for Google, so he is obviously *totally disinterested and unbiased.*
0	you should send out news letters about fairies, then hard sell them your video game about fairies when they least expect it
0	You are feeling subsetr's balls?
0	I could have been clearer, I was addressing the author and not so much you.  You gave good info, thanks.
0	You didn't let all yer bot friends know it was time to upvote your post!
0	Sure.  Both still linger on (vacuum tubes in guitar amps, horse drawn buggies for tourists) but it took a long time to happen, and it was one kind of technology replaced by another (i.e. book by e-ink reader).
0	I'll get your coat
0	I doubt I will, don't worry.
0	Perhaps I'm misreading the article, but I don't see anything there that suggests that Google has partnered with Verizon over the ad campaign as well.
0	I'm sure it'll be a hit with the Japanese porn industry somehow :)
0	Damn them for coming to my country, spending their money, making my shops profitable while paying booze taxes for government services they ultimately don't receive, lessening my own tax burden. Damn them, damn them all to hell! :-)
0	This is retarded, that's like saying paying for graphic design or hiring marketers to promote your product is stupid and worthless.
0	Speaking of which: CrashPlan rocks.
0	"You just forgot to put ""Hey Reddit"", ""Breaking"", or ""Fucking"" in your title."
0	Well, I'd think that his point is to get a service with a provider that has a functional network.
0	noooooooooooooooooooo
0	The best part was where he converted water to HHO
0	FEE FI FO FUM
0	I'm just baiting the grammar nazis.
0	way to forward the conversation by posting then, GOOD JORB.
0	Baltimore, it's a city.
0	I knew about the computer equipment, but I didn't know they built the iPhone, I always thought they were just a two-bit mediocre motherboard manufacturer.
0	Sounds like a 1 million dollars business plan!
0	Apparently the italics wasn't enough.
0	"The infrastructure that your ISP uses is owned by them in most cases. The problem isn't the Evil Government, but the economics of trying to establish a competing ISP in a region that already has one established with millions of dollars worth of infrastructure already in place and that have had the entire region as customers for months and years ahead of your existence. Forcing ISPs to give their competitors access to the infrastructure at a loss so they can outbid you is wrong, so ISPs are left with the prospect of building their own infrastructure and hoping they can steal customers away from their competitor to recoup the cost. Blaming the government for every failure of the ""free market"" is popular sometimes, but it doesn't make sense here."
0	leave out Reddit?!  BLASPHEMY!!
0	Steers like a cow.
0	Sounds about right.  I'm an engineer and a part of my job is telling the sales people what isn't going to work after they get customers all excited.
1	"So you're saying use a TPM if you want privacy?! Yes, because putting a DRM enforcement chip with a unique identifier that gives a third party control of your computer and cryptography is ""safe"". Also adding a hardware point of failure with stack incompatibility problems is a great way of not losing your data."
0	what is this i dont even
0	If there speech-to-text engine is anything like what is on the iPhone app, then I think it will do pretty well.  It's almost always spot on for me, even in less optimal environments.
0	One is political, the other is engineering.
0	"Economies of scale do not always exist. Since this is the tech Reddit, I'll quote Fred Brooks: ""The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned."""
0	Sounds like a really expensive way to make meat
1	But, but, but Apple uses EFI, not BIOS!!
0	but...but...Apple is evil and mac fanboys and sheep*!!!*
1	i love tipping, god how i love tipping.
1	Right. That's why they have specifically blocked the Atom chip in the most recent Snow Leopard update.
0	I think the quote means that for a single person - they have no idea what it costs, as they work at far higher capacities.
1	A smaller company will spring up and force their prices lower. It's a free-market!
1	Oh, awesome.  I love downmods from people who disagree when I'm simply contributing to the conversation.  That's mature and within the lines of reddiquette!
0	Yeah, so, I have an xbox 360 for sale, $80 in Ontario, Canada.
0	Virtual graphics...psht,  when they start making them with real graphics,  call me.
0	Kill these jews- it's the only language they respect. Start hunting them down and make them disappear.
0	Absolutely.  If an invention introduces moving parts, it had better _really_ be worth it.
0	I;'m asking her for more details right now.
0	Or Verizon got permission just to prevent problems.
0	The Panasonic GH1 captures full HD movies at a fraction of the weight and cost. DSLRs will be around forever, but will have a much smaller market.
0	Can you hear me now?
0	Where's your incentive to not pay for them so they'll stop making game/ movies? If SO MANY PEOPLE are not paying that companies actually make less products, people will notice and start giving money to the company.
1	"I believe apple did that (memory erasing) to remind the mac users that they have it pretty nice when compared to ""PC Users""."
0	We had better strap ourselves in, reddit is on one wild ride!
0	World's largest fly swatter.
0	I haven't had a landline since 2003, and there are other input devices available besides my phone.
0	Easier, marginally. More secure: not a fucking chance.
0	... and is subject to what TheCrimsonKing mentioned.
1	There are zero caught because they were all deterred by the flight regulations
0	Nonetheless, that is awesome. Where is the traffic light now? Do you turn it on?
0	But around the 6:27 mark, you can see stud work coming down from that same support beam.
0	In a pinch, run SuperAntiSpyware, Malwarebytes Antimalware and ComboFix.  Should getcha mostly clean.
0	Unless they do DPI with a warrant, theres no way they can know whats in BT traffic.
0	NO I THOUGHT IT WAS REALLY CLEVER TO PUT A DOLLAR SIGN IN PLACE OF THE S WHAT DO YOU MEAN PEOPLE STARTED DOING THAT IN 1991.
0	It did for me.  I still have my desktop, but my netbook has been my primary for the last year.
0	You forgot your sense of being a douche bag.  I think it replaced your sense of smell.  Otherwise the stink of your own shit would have caused you to end your life long ago.
0	Well I'm glad they had the sense to put those flame icons into the software.
1	If only we had less regulations our telecom companies would be able to offer faster speeds and lower prices.
0	I noticed the quality difference a few months ago.  Fun to use the clips when I VJ.  Kudos.
0	I'm just mad that aposter's post is getting more votes than mine even though he said basically the same stuff, 15 minutes later, but filled it with jargon from wikipedia.
0	You should design a solar powered wireless mesh networking device and start selling it to small towns.
1	Add a gun to each CCTV that way they can automatically take out the terrorist when they are identified.
0	Even given that it's all conjecture, that's one of the few moments in a long time that I've felt a bit of hope in my heart. The current cell phone industry in the us is really fucked up and in need of getting burned down a bit.
0	This is one of the cases that the plastics company sent them to make sure all the parts fit in the case; it's harder to put the final finish on small batches.
1	"Yeah! When are those legislators gonna wise up and realize that everything should be priced according to what I know is the ""true"" worth of a product."
0	I don't think they will upgrade the iPhone to comparable specs that soon. I'd bet on an ~800mhz processor before you see a 1Ghz.
0	As I'm sure you are aware, a law is only as effective as its enforcement. This hasn't been actively enforced since forever -- look to Walmart for proof.
0	I'll grudgingly give you that.  But do not pretend surprise or shock when others do the same.
0	If they provide high quality free software, I'm perfectly fine with allowing them to show me targetted ads based on my use. I use a discount card at the grocery store so I can save a few bucks, knowing full well that I'm allowing them to track my purchasing trends. The truth is, I don't care.
1	Relationship Status: Single
0	Erm, as opposed to what? Infrastructure needs to be monopolized, and monopolies need to be regulated.
0	Do you mean to do work on the rocket?
0	I usually send an orangered envelope.
0	Can't it be both?  Why can't I have both?
0	Read the article. You can opt-out.
0	Firefox does not magically change your search provider to some random choice.
0	Beware, thar be dragons. There's a lot of malware in that world, take care which clients you use.
0	Sometimes I get mad that my laptop doesn't have a plug I can yank out of the wall, forcing me to (at times) manually remove the battery.
0	That's right on the border, isn't it? On the Indian side, if I remember right?
0	"Yeah, but that guy was a pretty shitty 911 operator. He should have said ""Sir, put the car in neutral!"" instead of being a smartass about it."
0	the prius is not a good example.
0	It has a hard time if you turn off java and javascript, no cookies and  with a googlebot user agent.
0	For all you know it's calibrated to work at 4 inches.
1	No, it's stealthy enough to hide itself from fighters running windows.
0	You can put Android on it, and the screen is pretty good while using fingers, but I agree, capacitive would be better.
0	I've heard the opposite.  Why would someone spend 250$ for the Kindle when the iPad can do email, documents, music, games, etc... for just 250$ more?
0	I keep reading about how it would be great to have in a long flight. But, where would you put it? would you have to hold it up with your hands the whole time?
0	portrait only?
0	It's funny because the actual thing turned out to be pretty close to this.
0	"Pretty much. We like to keep data transfer and storage separate. Just be glad we aren't screwing with you even more and calling them ""giganibbles."""
0	The Amstead is amphibious by nature, this is the 'two for one' advantage over tracks. This thing can travel over snow ice and water.
1	Yes, because that video show people attempting to do that and doesn't present other real uses for the technology.
0	Your spreadsheet had a formula error, FTFY. -the government
0	Not zig-zag.  Sometimes the colors are just off, but other times it looks somewhat like the picture on the screen was painted, and someone smudged it before it dried.  Also, would what you described happen only randomly, or would it be constant?  Sometimes my TV is fine.
0	worse
0	In other news, 99% of C average students report consuming bread on a daily basis.
0	Could hit the second-hand market and get something that was $1000 a few years back.
0	"That's a little better than ""Moozeela""."
0	So it would seem.  Damn you written word!
0	does anybody have any idea what sorts of functionality Apple is able to implement with these patents? Or is that something that has not been publicised? I don't yet know very much about this spat
0	Reforming copyright will always be on the agenda. Voters who are uncomfortable with the name are likely to be even more uncomfortable with the policy. Changing to a generic name, then, is unlikely to win us any more voters, and instead would simply lose us a name that brings with it a lot of publicity and public attention that the vast majority of other new parties fail to get.
0	Does it have a stun setting?
0	"What kind of bug would censor ""Islam is"" suggestions without doing the same thing to all the other suggestions it makes? Wouldn't there have to be something in the programming that is censoring Islam that is doing this? I have absolutely no programming knowledge, but it just seems logical to me that if there is a bug that affects the word ""Islam"", then the word ""Islam"" has to be in the programming somewhere."
0	Why do people still have this persistent delusion that Google might make a decision based on something other than profit? *They're not good or evil, they're a for-profit corporation.*
0	Let's shush and keep this kind of stuff in its own subreddits, where it belongs.
0	Not really a gadget but when I was 12, before the interweb, I had Chuck Yeager flight simulator.  I had lost the manual which had the passwords in it (crude piracy prevention tool).  I used the text editor in DOS-Shell to open the .exe and replaced all of the passwords with THE.
0	Did he talk about how if he could go back in time he would have taken the billion dollars he was offered for his website that will probably not see that much revenue in 20 years?
0	WM still strikes me as being designed for enterprise applications moreso than the average consumer. At my first job, I had a Sprint PPC6700, and frankly, it did everything the iPhone did at its launch, only better. The iPhone had nothing short of iTunes that made it better than WM, and this was almost four years ago. WM still hasn't pushed itself into the mainstream with consumers, and I hope it doesn't. If Microsoft can keep developing WM as an enterprise-driven OS geared towards businesspeople, then more power to them. They can carve out a niche market there and hopefully do it right. Apple and Google are trying to appeal to the average person. Microsoft doesn't stand a chance in the smartphone arena next to those two.
0	"That's what happens when ""journalists"" start publishing what they see on twitter."
0	"I was hoping for a ""only on playstation 4"" at the end"
0	Also by using word it will automatically fit the image to a page, something that in this case is ideal.
0	BitTorrent, if it's popular.
0	And it crashed on me the instant I opened it this morning. I'm still using Chrome.
1	Why can't they cover these downfalls with the 'Internet money' everyone was talking about not too long ago?
0	Use a US based postal forwarding service.
0	Considering that an unlocked GSM droid is 800 dollars, 529 isn't too bad.
0	Malkovich?
0	A lot of people who work without wages(temporarily, but a few continually) due to poor economic conditions just to have a job, including several of my friends and a relative don't take kindly to your condescending comments. And the employers eventually pay up, because eventually no work will get done if they never pay, and, strange as it might seem to someone I can easily see saying morality is impossible without god, some employers respect their employees and have an inseparable sense of justice and right which makes them do things like pay wages because it's right and the workers deserve it.
0	Give 'em a break. They JUST figured it out.
0	Is it your suggestion that we cover ourselves with leaves and eat raw meat?
1	You're doing it wrong then. To get the most out of reddit, you need to hi-jack a top comment and say what you wanted to say!
1	"Kind of like ""you cannot get on the plane if you're on the no-fly list... unless you are actually a terrorist."""
0	use Flashblock. but really, only for windows genuine? -like Scott McNealy said, the solutions to windows' sec. problems are more expensive than the infested petri dish where they all grow.
0	Man, this comment thread reeks of Apple fanboi. So much anger towards having the ability to play flash content if desired.
0	I dont think ppl are dumb enough to buy peoples. That would just be weird.
0	And shareholder laws demand that profitability is their number one concern.
0	Oh give me a bloody break!
0	The FBI is investigating, keep your pants on
1	And if he were Latino, it's powered by burritos.
0	But if the taxpayers of California pay $150,000 (20%) and the taxpayers from the entire country (including California again) pay $225,000 (30%), the per unit cost is only $375,000.  Now it's a bargain.  It's a win-win-lose.  The companies selling and buying win, and the taxpayer loses.  But the taxpayer is a douchebag who's just getting what he deserves anyway, so fuck 'em.
0	why not just make the whole keyboard out of blood and feces, then it wouldn't matter.
0	Flash decompilers are quite common.
0	The only thing they can search at any time, iirc, is their propery, such as school lockers, and thus anything within that locker.
0	Lawsuit + allegations + no proof of anything = redditors commenting on the misleading title and jumping to their paranoid conclusions.
0	I'm curious about this as well.
0	Theyre not a start up anymore.  This sort of behavior is unnacceptable for a large company, and violates the trust i put in them when I gave them all of my emails.
1	100Mbps? Isn't that overly ambitious?
0	Oops, just posted this above.
0	I can't wait for the groan-inducing microsoft PR campaign slogans.
1	Wow. A Zune Phone. That's totally going to kill the iPhone.
0	Do they mention taking a cut?  I'd imagine their business model is to earn revenue from interest on all that money they'll have sitting in their bank account waiting to be distributed.
1	If this isn't proof of the link between school shootings and video games, I don't know what is.
0	Better pack a towel.
0	Needs more pew pew.
1	When can we have Farmville for Google Buzz, please?
0	I have a feeling it's not going to be hard to one-up a service that ignores 95% of its potential market.
0	I'll hit you with DDOS votes.
0	Yes, so I can't imagine how they handle Marie's divorce. On one hand, she's well liked in normal America, and makes Mormonism not so freaky, but, she broke one of the Big NO-NO's. I wonder if they kicked her out.
0	0/10
0	The English cognate of the French equivalent is bassinet.
0	1995, it would have been costly to make a black and white film but I suppose they didn't really need sound, which was new at the time.
0	Sure, if you know what you are doing.  Does this apply to the majority of msft's shareholders?  I suggest it doesn't.
1	Nothing explodes, not interesting.
0	I closed the video 3/4 of the way through, fully expecting a monster.
0	Keyboard shortcuts - its much faster to use gmail with the shortcuts.
0	It's a flash game called Pandemic 2 in which you need to infect every country to win, but Madagascar shuts down it's only port when any country near it gets infected, making it almost impossible to beat.
0	So why would they show a concept of an OS that you can already run, this is fake.
1	I'm sure Mantipath read the iPhone SDK usage agreement and App Store submission rules carefully and saw that USB is a completely acceptable way for iPhone apps to sync data with third party apps, and has been from day one. After all, that is how all the other apps do it.  None of them use WiFi.
0	I was just saying it isn't that simple. The Japanese sound can be anything between and including what Anglophones consider L and R sounds. Japanese language learning books like to make it sound like an American saying something that sounds like an L or R isn't correct and that the correct sound is between. But the neurology shows that isn't the cade.
1	Orbo
0	Clearly the transportation method of the future!
0	I'm just using the TV's  built in speakers. I am interested in an amplifier for the ancient stereo speakers we have lying around. They're from the 80s and stand waist high. Do speakers go bad after 20 something years? Also are there problems with getting a cheaper amplifier because I don't want to risk buying an expensive one.
0	Apparently there are nekked womens on this here webiverse.
0	Which ones are better?  I've used Newzbin for as long as it has existed, long before NZB files and PAR files and all that jazz.  I've checked out other free sites before, and they all had one major critical flaw - they didn't report half as much stuff as Newzbin did.  So is there a site out there that is actually good about that?  Some place where if something is posted, some editor will categorize it and standardize the title (I use software I wrote to read newzbin for me, so once I see something once and say I am not interested it never displays it again) and report it within an hour or so?
0	I had sex with their women. Nice zoo, too.
0	You'll never know! Bwahahaha. Seriously, having a negating username is quite handy. It makes many of my drunken remarks appear satirical and witty.
1	This video is clearly Photoshopped. You can tell at the 2:50 mark where the user didn't select the entire room, missing a few millimeters on each side, however the room was still cleaned.
0	Is that Steve the pirate???
0	It's a security device. Back in the 80s there was a huge phone shortage that increased the level of phone thefts nationwide. The solution? Tether them at all times.
0	Wow, that brings me back.
1	Wow! All these features, and just before april? Now thats good product timing!
0	Which is why I have Verizon.  :P  Fuckabuncha iphone.
0	I don't care, as long as it works every morning, which I cannot say of any of the PCs I have owned, yet my Mac never fails me.  It's  a superior product to any PC.  All those extra bells and whistles you get on a PC for similar Mac money don't mean shit if the thing doesn't work right half the time.  It's always something with a PC, be it new software that then makes the old stuff not work right, or the blue screen of death or freezing up or being in fear that while I'm downloading something, I can't also multi task or it will freeze up on me.  PC aren't worth the headache in the long run.  IMO.
0	Yes but that's 3 or 4 more connections than you had previously.
0	Nah, they would have changed their branding to just MN at some point.
1	Because we all know that computers are infallible
0	Stupid.  Writing and creating your own music based on public-domain songs is comparable to churning your own butter.
0	I had two HP laptops, both with major failures.  My latest one broke so much that it activated Best Buy's lemon policy so I got a new computer after about a year and a half.  I decided never to get an HP again.
0	Not a paradox but a recursion.
1	Yeah. 'Cause, like, that FTC, boy, they just jump right on them 'dere customer complaints.  :P
0	if you had said 2:1 downvotes, you would have been right ;)
0	Thank you, but as soon as you stop posting it all ends.
0	but why should I be so irate, when we don't even know what's in it?  There are lots of things the gov't keeps secret while they're working on it, this isn't a new thing.
1	"Doesn't it seem obvious now that voting for Ron Paul would have been a ""wasted vote"" ?"
0	cool?
0	Actually, it's quite justified.
0	"I was playing Civilization on the PS3 last night, and when I declared war on them I got a message from ""Chairman Mao of the Chinese"" in pretty much the same terms."
0	Why does American broadband lag so far behind the rest of the world? Are we too spread out?
1	Clearly this is just more of their innovation that HTC and google will steal
0	"Its true- there's many ""bike lanes"" on my commute that are 18"" wide, go right over sewer grates, and it starts and stops suddenly without warning.  Its pretty unusual for my tire to be on the inside of that white line.  Its pretty pointless."
0	No offense, but consider the term *former* in regards to the networking industry. Question, how many routes in a full BGP table when you were and admin (and not an 'engineer')?
0	Some new boring router or something, who cares about corporate hype
0	It's the Reddit people buying their own ads that I actually don't mind and the Reddit stuff..The rest are just useless to me.
0	AdBlock Plus prevents the ad from coming to your browser in the first place, so they know.
0	If it were actually autonomous you could put it out during the storm so it could keep up as the snow fell.  Some day.
0	Not if they're fat.
0	The Bluetooth stack in 7 is troublesome. It gives me a lot of headaches that I never had in Vista. Other than that, though, it's pretty damn good.
0	Lie back and scratch my balls knowing that I'm a true patriot.
0	Really? I quite enjoy it.
1	Well *of course* they do! *Everyone* does! Apple isn't the *only* company stalked by a bunch of mindless, self-loathing zealots with nothing better to do but try to make them look bad, you know.
0	Google monetizes it's products to better engineer advertisement delivery. They'd be screwing themselves over. Though I am inclined to think a lot of iphone users might wake up to Apple's shenanigans if Google was pulled out from under them.
0	It did look a little weak after a couple of seconds.
0	My theory is that the media will continue to hype the shit out of this thing, because it's their last chance to get ac ontrolling platform that makes people pay for their content.
0	"Not at all. In America, ""Middle"", ""College"", and ""High"" School are all different levels."
1	*Shut up, no it's not! Do you have* ***any idea*** *how long I've been working on my imaginary house? A* ***really long time***, *okay? I takes a lot of effort, you know!*
0	Apple was never better than Microsoft you fucking tool of marketing.
0	Just buy it now before the price hikes, you great, steaming, FOOL!
1	Wow two of their products aren't as good as the rest of them. Shame on Google!!
0	ah! well, an upvote for you my friend.
0	I read the wildly speculative fanboysim, yes.
0	same with windows &amp; linux, (its a browser feature) not mac specific
0	Each scared person is a vote to the right. Thats why the mass media scares the shit out of people with this sensationalistic coverages of the violence.
0	Does anyone really care about 3D TV?
1	so u want child pornographers to delete evidence? sounds promising.
0	***Sarah Palin is an asshole***
0	"Better yet, ""POOR IMPULSE CONTROL"""
0	Google has a sketchy privacy record but their screw-ups appear to be accidental.  Facebook will sell your soul!!
0	One word ...... ANDROID.
0	Seems like a cool concept but after I signed up I realized the majority of the content involved learning Japanese. Nothing particularly wrong with that, but also not particularly useful.
1	Are you patronizing me?!
0	So that gives anyone carte-blanche to do to him whatever the fuck we want?
0	Smart.
0	Bill Cameron was your dad?  Wow, I remember him well.  Thx for posting up, Canadian content always catches my attention.
0	At the point of log-in, I'd either say no, or that it was a friend's computer and I don't know the password, or something like that.  They can't force you to log in.
1	All that will do is cause the user to have a brief period of network unavailability while it responds to all the garbage traffic.  It'll also cause a period of network unavailability for *everyone else* connected to that access point while you saturate that channel with junk traffic.  It won't cause the bad offender to disconnect from the network, nor will it cause it to grab a new IP address.  **Great plan!**
0	"So who paid and was paid for this little product placement? Otherwise, ""why the hell is this news?"""
0	"Well its a trade off. There is no way you can have complete convenience AND total privacy at the same time. So in a way, it is ""have to""."
0	EVERYONE DOWNVOTE THE SHIT OUT OF APATHYJACKS' POST.
1	Something like that would never happen here because Coal is the best power source ever
1	Hells yes! I cut the cord and consume all of my content via the internet. I am elite and better than the losers who pay a monthly fee for anything! I don't need TV to tell me what to do, I have the internet and reddit for that. I also have a sweet media server set up to stream television episodes that I illegally downloaded via bit torrent to my 72 inch 3D HD TV. I am better than people who continue to pay for content via a standard delivery service in every way. In fact, I'm so cool that I don't even watch the content that I do download. I read books instead, but I don't pay for them. I tore up my library card because I can get all of that content via my kindle and iPad now and read it in bed with my cat. Oh yeah I also got rid of my cat too. I have an iPad now so I can download pictures of cats for free and since my iPad screen is so big I can pet it and don't have to worry about feeding it either. My life is epic and awesome and I am elite. Have fun watching reruns of Becker and Everybody loves Raymond on your pay TV subscriptions chumps.
0	Capitalism at work.  What's the problem?
0	Just downloaded the newest version. Seems just like it was before... everything flat. What gives?
0	Wait wait waiit. Doesn't this fall afoul of section 3.3.2 (no embedded interpreters/plugins allowed)?
0	I take a photo on my iPhone, and I can transfer it to Panoramio, IMGUR, Memory and Dropbox almost instantaneously.
0	Or wait for meego, maybe?
0	why'd you imply it was a standard?
0	Everything on that website sounds like a Sarah Palin speech.
0	The problem is the system that allows this to be legal. Without him they'd have just used someone else. Shit, they probably have laid the groundwork with the opposition politicians already.
0	if my ISP started filtering content such as news and what websites i had access to i would drop them like a hot potato, and if i could not find an ISP that was impartial to what news and websites i visit then i would just abandon the internet all together completely
1	Didn't you know? Hitler was a communistic fascist.
1	IS THERE NOTHING THE IPAD CANNOT DO?
0	_Everything_ works within it's temperature range or higher. If it doesn't, it's declared defective. The question is, is that temperature range considered too low? If it's set below the normal temperature of the operating environment, then it's defective. So, if the iPad can't be used in the sunlight or other slightly warm but still livable situations, it has a manufacturing problem.
0	Never happen.
0	Agreed. That's pretty much all that's keeping me from switching from Firefox. (Well, that and a lack of a handy sidebar in Chrome.)
1	We need government to regulate this!
1	well its a good thing none of those early adapters and Apple fanboys stood in line for hours for that shiny piece of junk.
0	What aluminium? They took it off between cuts.
0	So, which one is the android?
0	That's what she said.
1	"But then you wouldn't be in the ""in"" man. Jeesh."
0	You are **NOT** free to jailbreak it. In the US you'll be in violation of the DMCA which is a Federal law.
0	How are these guys not going to get sued by game makers?
0	Megabus rocks. I took one at like 6:00am from NYC to Boston and there was nearly no one there. Free wifi, outlets to plug my laptop in and I could lay down across the entire back row of seats.
0	I can't wrap my head around that.
0	You forget, it's cool to pick on overrated stuff.
0	Good news, everyone!
0	Yeah, let me go look up your cell phone # in the phone book.... Oh wait thats right, they aren't in the phone book...
0	Actually noise constraints are a major concern in engine and aircraft design.  There are actual regulations for db levels.  That's _one_ of the reasons turbo fans are more popular in commercial aircraft than turbo-props.  The props make more noise.  It ends up being a trade-off game of performance and noise in many cases.  So engineers will tune things to be just under the noise regulations so they can squeeze out as much performance as possible.
0	Currently, there is no Net Neutrality rules for cable ISPs.
0	who's your blood guy? you're paying too much
0	We're curious because we don't understand it.
0	And forcing me to opt-out.
0	Because Nokia's sales stalled. So they sued. That's what these companies do: woops, sales aren't what we expect. Hmm should we improve quality? hahah, let's sue. That's basically the mentality at the top of these companies.
0	Oh I should probably read the article before making comments :x
1	That's it? Verizon has one thats like $600
0	I hope they inflate it outdoors next time for a flight test... now *that* I would like to see!
0	Funny because this one is posted nearly 18 hours after the first one.
0	The Web Developer addon I have for Firefox allows me to select generated source.  It basically shows you the source HTML used to *render* the page, not what the website gives you when you load the page, so you could copy it from there.
1	I agree. It's impossible for anyone to do anything good of their own free will.
0	Then build some fucking pylons.
0	How does it work when it's in my pants?
0	Is the premise that it was better to overextend our infrastructure, forcing us into an unsustainable oil consumption culture to provide power and roadways to distant areas where only a few people live?
0	You do research before you experiment, unless you enjoy wasting your own time.
0	Sorry I already quit may 1st
0	Of course the article leaves out that Costner is also insisting that everyone drink their own recycled urine.
0	Right so the questions is what percent of applications are already native code?
0	I didn't downvote you.
0	A good punk requires subtlety.
0	The Slim was a completely new iteration of the system. Debating the ethical and legal ramifications of stripping a feature from a hardware rebuild of the system is a different issue. The problem here is that *original buyers* are forcibly losing functionality that *they purchased*. This is just plain wrong. Imagine how you'd feel if you bought a DVD player, and a year later, it stops playing DVD's, because the manufacturer decided they didn't like that option anymore. Remove a feature exclusively in a new piece of hardware, ehhhhh arguable. Remove a feature that's been available for the past three years and has received heavy use, and you're setting yourself up for a shitstorm. Doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out (although it seems Sony might be in need of a couple...).
1	Bro, you only have 80 photos?  Get some friends or something. Shit, like everyone knows the more photos the better.  Just keep your profile photos like less than 20, then it'll show that like you have better things to do then facebook, even though you really don't.
0	what and sacrifice my two friends? no way ! not when there is a chance they might introduce themselves and I might discover who they are in real life.
0	Thank you, Captain Obvious.  I think anyone with half a brain could comprehend my original phrasing.
0	"Back when the iPhone was first announced my immediate thought was ""Sweet, I'll be able to make any mp3 I want into a ringtone""  It seemed so fucking obvious as to be otherwise inconceivable.  It blew my mind when I discovered this wasn't the case.  This fact later led me to look at other smart phones when the itch finally became too strong.  Now I have a motorola Droid and google just throws so much cool shit at me for free.  For road trips I can now use it and an FM transmitter to do everything.  Its my phone, my gps, and with pandora its a sweet radio station."
0	Basically, you only befriend people that you want to be friends with. Spammers are left out in the cold.
0	You might have made a good point, *if true* but what does that have to do with the video undstudent posted?
0	[Flash Earth](http://www.flashearth.com) might work for you. It's what I've been using for a couple of years now.
0	"tl;dr - ""do what I say, not what I do"""
0	I wouldn't really say that....gcc, gdb, etc. all work wonderfully for ARM development.  And then I don't have to deal with the shit that is the x86 instruction set.
0	Top 1 reason: your circle of friends is equal to 0.1% of your friend list.
0	Actually based on the case giz is proposing the phone was never stolen giz nor the guy who sold the right to report it never took it from an apple employee or tried to mask that they had come into possession of it from apple. Apple had already gotten the phone back, it was impossible for giz to have contracted someone to steal apple prototypes for them so why was anything on chen's personal computers probable cause?
1	There's no hypocrisy here, newscorp is doing exactly what it needs to do to increase its value for its shareholders.  Nothing to see here, move along.
1	Yes, but what if children somehow learn about this an download all sorts of pornography from non-Market locations????
0	"They are moving more quickly, but they the much stronger effect is the lower gravitational field up on the mountain that makes time move more ""quickly""."
0	Fight! Fight! Kill off Photoshop on the Mac!
0	Just a question, do people buy stuff for cheap on Woot and then turn around and sell it for a profit? Is it worth the effort?
0	Then why is this article so upvoted? When the Mail says what Redditors like to hear they upvote. Redditors hate airport scanners so obviously a story that says they give people cancer is great news.
1	"he ""didn't find them interesting"".  Now that's an unbiased review"
0	Unexpected effects from untested technology?  It's more likely than you may think.
1	"Really? How much are they planning to ""charge""?  And what exactly are they charging for?"
0	Which Chrome has had for ages and doesn't require restarting the browser.
1	AT LEAST THEY DONT HAVE AUTISM
0	If it can be done manually, they are hardly holding upgradeability hostage. They're just not making it as easy as possible.
1	yea, that's why you see no Americans on reddit. Reddit itself as well as almost all the content that goes on it is hosted in Asia.
0	It happened just now?
0	multiple newspapers?
0	Just because I care about starving children (and I do) does not mean that I have to stop caring about everything else.
0	And if you're that price sensitive, you're not buying either the iPhone or the Nexus One.
0	Once again, please explain what morally straight means.
0	There were other alternatives, but Americans limit themselves to corporate shit.
0	Fuck Hulu too, and the RIAA of course.
1	Who knew that there are politicians on Reddit?
0	Ah well, nevermind if the data or the phone doesn't work. We can still whip it out on the NYC subway and imagine that everyone in the car wants to sleep with us as we push the slide-y little buttons around. Yay. And now we're just like that minimalist designer college guy that wouldn't talk to anyone back in college. Remember? The guy with the gay white laptop?
0	i think it is communist. everyone is equally slave, except those who hold the power.
0	The best bit, trying to view this in safari, from an iPad, crashes safari! No joke. :/
1	Why is this even needed if you can't get viruses on a Mac?
1	"Of course it did. Didn't you read ""When it comes to code, Google's support has made a big difference to the Tor Project. ""?"
1	US carriers probably had a lot to do with it, those douches probably shat a massive brick when Froyo 2.2 had free tethering - a 2.2 tethering enabled Rom for every Android device! Oh Noes
0	Okay, well, we tried, and then we called Apple, they said we required a credit card for the account to get it going. We couldn't find a way around it, which is why we called Apple. That's what they told us.. oh well.
1	In that case murderers and rapists should televise their wrongdoings too because what we need is *more* blood and gore.
0	But if you're a systems engineer, you probably know of something that does those things better than the way iTunes does them, and would prefer to use that.
0	maybe he is. but it doesn't render any of his points moot. the evo's been getting unfavourable reviews across the board, particularly its lacklustre battery performance.
0	D.C. doesn't represent me at all. Not a damned person that I voted for is in office there.
1	They don't *want* it, it's just something they have to do for your own good. Leave the thinking to the leaders please, isn't that the reason we elected intellectuals in 2008?
0	And telling him to like it. The MacFanBoy's gotta like it!
0	What does that even mean?
1	Yes, because the utilities now will have the ability to charge you more based on what time of day you use electricity, as well as cut your service off remotely any time they choose to, based on real or imagined non-payment or any other excuse they can dream up.
0	Even Russians eat Chinese takeout.
0	Not likely. A US company would not provide housing for their workers at this point. Not when tent cities are free.
0	"Which is ""good enough"" for most purposes."
0	returning to VRML are we?
0	Hey, Top Chef is awesome.
0	I've seen a few social events at university (like dances) that, seemingly jokingly, allowed participants to wear glow sticks based on a colour scheme like that. I think it's 1) silly and 2) should be done more often.
0	are the new viewers gone yet?
0	Smugness, not happiness.  I think it's pretty safe to hate smugness.
0	Of course not, but it's still cute.
0	Why did the dumb ass relate his story to him in the first place?
0	How strange, I just finished FEAR2 like 3 minutes ago.  FEAR1 was ok, Condemned was better.  FEAR2 sucked.  The whole game sucked.  The ending sucked.
0	It's the least they could do.
0	That makes no sense, it's the same apps and functionality as the iphone.
0	Where have you been, man? It's been available on PCs for at least a couple of years.
0	No, you're thinking of ATDT.  AT&amp;T is an all terrain recon transport.
0	that sucks because here in miami verizon is terrible!
0	No VB GUI???
0	It's like R2D2, billg steps inside the ballmer suit.
0	At first I think it would be pretty bad. There would be a lot of exploits released and it would be pretty scary for a while. That's probably the biggest barrier. I'm sure there's a lot that's protected by security through obscurity.
0	yes.
1	you are doing it wrong?
0	I love you.
0	either that or BAM this shit is dumb (remember wave?)
0	*cries*
1	The gel is ***EXTREMELY*** painful.
0	You burn the same gas whether you're driving a mile in a straight line or in a circle.
0	Yeah I'd say so.
0	What's new?
0	you do not talk about what
1	Exactly, in real life when I change my focus to something behind the person in front of me, I feel nauseated.  Similarly, when things start to go off to my peripheral vision I get dizzy.
0	Avatar did it best, and even then I thought it was more distracting than anything else.
0	Reminds me of the apocryphal story that Parker invested 2-3 millon dollars in designing a space pen for the space program... Russians used pencils.
0	Hurr durr, Mark Twain didn't feel the need to obnoxiously re-hash his same obvious point over and over again with a new lame, trite analogy each time.  Yes, Apple markets for suckers, you are not so profound fyi :-)
0	I just want to know what cum-computing is
1	I am very surprised to see that Japan has the most robots.
0	I'm brand loyal. I'd like Stark Industries to come out with something.
0	They were freaking out for a reason. Android is supposed to be open, and having a signed bootloader is diabolical. Especially after the first droid single handedly pulled out Motorola from the path to its grave
0	aaannd it's a troll.
0	"There are legitimately ""apple"" networks all over the place. You can't connect to them, but they show up in your list of networks as something like apple229028. They're just used for pinpointing your location without GPS."
0	MUAHAHAHAHAHA
0	Seriously, I %)(*#@ hate it when FF does that. (On the other hand it is free software.)
1	Oh yes, the systemic covering up abuse of minors is *old hat*, so *last week!* Why won't they just let it go already!?
0	Combined with a form of fusion.
0	"What they want to be able to do is isolate the variables. Take a phone out into the ""real world"" conditions and you can say, well, the phone buzzes for some reason. If you take it into this chamber you can say, well the phone buzzes at 500MHz 40 V/m radiation."
0	Pretty awesome, combined with the recent story about the cat prosthetics, where they got the skin to grow over the implant without causing an infection this really does sound promising. In theory you could graft this onto remaining bone and have it fuse with the skin, more or less restoring the lost limb.
1	Yes, I too am sick of all the Apple love on this subreddit.
0	Ouch.
1	Music: Gateway drug since 1960.
0	No, I'm saying the option isn't even available. Some people would use it, some wouldn't. Regardless, it's fewer people on the roads, which means faster traffic flow and hopefully fewer accidents, along with significantly less resource use.
0	Part of the issue is that the if the car can set the throttle to 100% due to a glitch or a bug it can also set the brake to 0%.  My siblings Lexus was recently reprogrammed so when the brake is depressed at all the throttle is automatically set to 0% regardless of peddle position.
0	I knew this all along. It's all about imports vs domestic.
0	No, the bumper includes buttons. I suspect that's why it's expensive. (articulated, metal buttons)
1	iPhone 4 has a reception problem when you bridge the contact?  Why haven't I seen this on Reddit until today?!
0	"I really want to believe that ""don't be evil"" was intended as more than marketing. That being said, I'm not convinced any corporation could live up to that. Generally the best we can hope for from corporations is enlightened self interest."
1	I can't see this being abused at all by teenagers.
0	Orkut was specifically an experiment. I'm sure it was founded before Facebook and had different features from MySpace - Google's thing is search, and they hadn't diversified so much at the time. Orkut wasn't part of a strategy - the idea was just to throw it out there and see what happens.
0	Thank you! The first thing that popped to my mind was how people were complaining that Hulu was going to charge $10 a month for their (optional) premium service and still show 30 seconds worth of commercials. I figured though that with the shoe on the other foot the sentiment would be different.
1	That's definitely more reasonable I don't get why people are mad. I mean I would pay  $2000 for a file
0	"When the solution is, ""Replace your networking hardware and move to Win7x64"" I do not have a difficult time imagining that you work for Microsoft."
0	Nice try, Jimmy.
0	haha.
1	TIL AES works by changing the background colour to the same colour as the text.
1	Put the tabs at the top. Duh. Chrome has been doing this for years.
0	they are both compatible with this release; yes
0	I'm kinda scared of pruppets.
0	How many boobs?
0	"""stole""? I think he would have been better off without you ""fix""."
0	If this works well, it could have revolutionary implications for the shipping of light freight.
0	Turn off friend of friend *everything*, and set up an extremely limited-access list for all of the Friends you don't know well.
0	CNC stands for Computer Numeric Control and refers to a wide class of devices.  It is technically an adjective, although most people just say CNC when referring to a CNC mill.  It can be a CNC mill, a CNC lathe or a CNC rapid-prototyper.
0	Opera has been stagnant forever.
1	Looks like macrumors is down for me so I can't read it, but I find this highly unlikely. I read on a blog once that Steve Jobs kicks puppies and makes his black turtle necks from kittens.
1	Ahh...I'm so very glad that your personal reported experience has thwarted all of these other people's reported experience. Thank you!
1	For once I agree with Jobs.
0	Lemon curry.
0	This is why I like Google. At least they fess up when they make a mistake and work with people to try to fix it.
1	but hey they increase ticket revenue for the city! perfectly reasonable trade-off.
0	Sharing an earbud with your girlfriend on a train, perhaps?
0	but but but
0	Don't schools still need dictionaries for computer-less exams?
1	But... aren't those two numbers the same?
0	She didn't quit; she was asked to leave by Discovery... At least that's what her blog said.
0	Twenty days is insane?  Other countries give *months* of paid vacation.
0	Yeah, having the machine overheat worked for me.
0	I was actually quite hopeful for Windows mobile 7. Looks like I'm going to have to keep running Froyo on my HD2.
0	Nuke it.  It's the only way to be sure.
0	Actually, Canada has a 100,000 member army.
0	What if I devised a system to vote on behalf of citizens who don't vote? They obviously woulnd't check their vote later on in the database if they wouldnt take the time to vote in the first place.
0	...with *chopsticks*?
0	Forum? It was a shock photo dump that died in 1998.
0	Assuming it's a tricoloured LED, infinitely many.
0	"I honestly think Rose has lost it. He shit canned his co-founder, focused his attention on copying Facebook, is quitting Diggnation (about the only decent thing he has done in the last three years) and can't understand that the reason he has lost five million annual page hits has nothing to do with being ""fresh"" and everything to do with letting a small group of power users game his site and make it their personal payday. He needs someone to slap his silly punk ass and bring him back to reality."
0	Yeah he left - its a great site.
1	Shut up!  Don't you know the entire world lives in southern california?
0	I have three monitors and what is this?
0	It is just the solution doesn't mean it is ideal by any means. Someone could post pictures of you outside of facebook too without your control. It really just takes telling your friends that you would not like such and such picture online.
0	4/2011  Security code: 267, it's a VISA
0	Penises on Mars? Sure, I've bought two dozen already!
0	Wow, those look dumb without the doors also being white. Are you sure that's not just in California where the CHP threatened to charge them with impersonating a police officer?
0	Step 2: Predict bubble.
0	"I was really hoping for a remote which could actually control my TV, DVR, and PS3. If it also had an app that would bring up cover art and tell the DLNA client on my PS3 to pull media from the media server that would be awesome and worthy of the moniker ""Ultimate""."
1	Great. Google is going to try to launch *another* social network? Fuck. Buzz is shit. Can't wait to see what they do next.
0	Huh had no idea thanks.
0	It's much more cost-effective to have a little slider switch like they did.
0	I wonder how the UK tax structure is when considering charitable donations of a given income percentage
1	Great news for Java
0	"I don't really think that EFF's description gives any sort of vindication to Google, as it seems you may be insinuating.  3/4s of that article basically tear the google/verizon proposal apart, while still trying to use even-handed language.  The reality is that the obvious evils far outweigh the ""benefits"" and that EFF would surely tell you to oppose it.  I don't think you should sugarcoat this, considering you're the top comment and most people are too lazy to read your link."
1	But there are a lot of different brand for every single stuff! I feel like I am making real decision!
0	"""We're from the government, and we're here to help."""
0	It's helpful. It lets people know that you're not sending them a 2 line email because you're lazy, but rather because you're not in front of a computer and can't type out a long response.
0	Try Demonoid, or #bookz on Undernet.
1	"But ""Sky"" is a legal contrivance.. not like ""sky"" would be."
0	Also, you can get a free iPod/printer with a Mac (as part of the summer education thing they always do), which is worth at least $230-250.
0	c) They don't care.
0	That's why I used the term average.
0	"Good encryption is more than sufficient to handle all privacy concerns.  This ""haystack"" idea seems like a step backward."
0	people trying to game Digg? really?
1	Because they wanted to integrate Buzz instead. Yeah good call google.
0	I have a feeling that Schmidt is being taken out of context. It wouldn't be the first time.
0	Shame. I liked Wave, at least from the perspective of collaborative group-work.
0	Whoa whoa bro, that's *my* fucking strategy. Go get your own fucking strategy.
0	Ah, thanks.  I'm seeing the Incredible offered through Verizon, my preferred carrier here.  Being on AT&amp;T was good for about a year, and has been getting steadily worse (3G speeds currently suck in my area) ever since.
0	good old gcode
0	You can tell because he uses a Mac.
0	Yes, but if you considering the state of development in modern technologies it doesn't seem very possible. Think about it, can you insert a floppy disk into your computer?
0	This device requires an Android phone.  Did you even watch the video?
0	The future is bubbles!  I can't look at concept cars, so I have to get creative.
0	We shouldn't have to open new tabs to prevent this
0	affect*
0	fwiw, my brother works for a software company that is a microsoft partner, and they got a pre-release windows 7 phone to try out.  my brother was unimpressed and a bit disappointed.  he said it was buggy, and the os was cumbersome (had to navigate numerous menus to set up wireless, etc.)  he thinks its going to be a huge flop.  we'll see.
0	Three cheers for Anonymous!  May the wind be in their sails, and the sand in their Vaseline.  May they next turn their righteous wrath to Righthaven, and as nasty as they wanna be.
0	All I know is that losing your clients confidential info is the worst thing a lawyer can do in the eyes of the bar, and he provoked it.
0	I'm taking this.
1	Didn't see that coming!!!
0	Pretended ignorance.
0	"Why do people have a problem with words that will bring up offensive results, or those inappropriate for children, up? If Google prevented you from searching for them entirely, then there'd be a huge problem. All this is doing is making sure that as you look for an ""Assessment"", or want to check out the next ""Assassin's Creed"" game, you aren't bombarded with links to ""Ass Lickers 3: Backdoor Action Edition"". Frankly, I think Google is doing us a favor. If people want it disabled, it should be on an account-by-account basis."
0	Lovely idea.
0	Are there any symptoms?
0	This seems kind of convenient to be honest. Rather than buying and installing a new CPU, I can just purchase the upgrade and not have to crack open my computer? (At least, I think that's the idea of this...)
0	You're not the CEO of State Farm.
0	This is from June
0	French?!
0	You must submit to Xbox Live. Any attempt to thwart Xbox Live will end in death. Hail Xbox Live.
0	I miss you, Amiga.
1	Now we can end global warming!
1	MAKE MONEY FAST NOW CLICK HERE!!!
1	Yeah but they made a movie about how baddass that facebook guy is, so we have to like it again.
0	Only one friend needs to add those quizzes for your news feed to get spammed.
0	"I think a better title would be, ""Crazy former employee is suing Shaq for made up reasons because Shaq has mone and the court system is easily abused."""
1	Precisely.  Studios however may not, and we can't have that now can we?
0	*If you don't mind 10 months of winter.*
0	Then fight until it's perfect or whatever you strive at. But get some perspective and realize that that, when compared to the rest of the world, it isn't so bad.
0	$7 for 50MPbs??!!! Where the heck do you live?
0	They also know what your house looks like.
0	And they keep fucking them.
1	Exactly the same situation. Clearly, in the 1930's hardly anyone wanted a TV either, radio was much more hassle-free.
0	or dragon teeth... then let the lawsuits fly
0	Did they try turning it off and on again?
0	Why are any of those critical systems connected to the internet?
1	Left and wrong are synonyms, just ask Glenn Beck.
0	I love the Internet.
0	It's gonna explode! They're trying to run TF2 on OS X!
0	The open contempt for reddit is nice. I guess he knows he doesn't have as many fans here.
0	Yeah the thing I see potential for, and I may be wrong... is that with a popular OS running on the TV, the apps would be updated more frequently. For me, I watch netflix via my samsung blu-ray player. It runs great, but the interface is completely stagnant and probably will remain so forever. It could certainly be improved. If it were running android, I assume that an app for watching netflix (it exists right?) would maybe be updated a bit more often than the specific software that was made for my blu-ray player.
0	who the hell even measures inches or centimeters on a computer screen?
0	We certainly did indeed.
0	"I absolutely agree.  When a neighbor asks for help I can just glance at the stickers and know what I'm dealing with.  If they're having problems installing Vista on a ""Designed for Windows 98"" PC I just walk away shaking my head after telling them to go buy a new computer."
0	2. Put your wave in the box.
1	Them damned liberals and their freedoms.
0	Because it is a choice, always. Name a situation where it is not.
1	We might be getting ripped off on Internet rates but our text messaging rates are AWESOME. $15 for UNLIMITED texts the *entire* month.
0	Which would probably be ideal, or at least superior to Flash in terms of video playing ability. However, Flash is still a useful plug-in for a variety of things, and it's silly to force it out by not using it at all. I fully support moving forward with HTML5, but I can't agree with getting rid of Flash, and I think you'd have to be an idiot to deny the ability to put Flash on a mobile device.
0	At least he will give you ample opportunity to respond to common objections and present your viewpoint. Don't get mad, it only makes you look bad.
1	"If you can't, you ""must"" be hiding something."
0	I've not seen any evidence that it happens on Firefox or Chrome
0	Sure, as long as you aren't catholic.
0	I think he means Galleon (a large, multi-decked sailing ship used primarily by European states from the 16th to 18th centuries.)
1	To bad the earth doesn't understand money otherwise it would be ok with coal burning.
1	Wow, I'm so going to buy a punctuation mark. There's truly no way to indicate sarcasm online without it!
1	Well,  at least he's the former privacy chief. I'm sure the current one would never violate your personal information in any way.
1	"Yea...  when I think of a ""clean"" font, I always think of cooper..."
0	LOOK AT ME EVERYONE, I HAVE AN EX-DIGGER FOR A GIIIIIRLFRIEND
0	Probably so, but driving is not something that is always predictable.
0	Why are all these Japanese androids made to look young and female? I'm pretty sure every realistic robot I've seen has been a 20-ish female.
0	Exactly. They want pictures of cock all over the fucking place.
1	No response in less than an hour?  They are TOTALLY STALLING.  OMG, HAX!
0	DSL is hugely lagging. AT&amp;T is fucking this country hard by not moving to fiber and instead relying on old shit in the ground.
0	You'd think the founder of Wikileaks would be right behind a disinterested publication of relevant data, wouldn't you?
1	Who makes Google Chrome?
0	The commercial space race is perhaps the only venture that mankind is undergoing currently that could make me want to change career paths.. though, I'm pretty happy on my current one.
0	If they did they would be a bit more transparent and open regarding how Wikileaks spends all the money they get from donations.
0	OH MAN.  SKY PIRATES.  I am excited at the prospect of Ghibli movies and JRPG stereotypes.
1	Wow, you mean what ATi drivers had since Windows 7 launched?
0	This is why I chose 12 friends specifically to put in that box.
0	How how.
0	If you're trying to hide your bunker in the desert, it is.  Survivors trying to find and get into shelters will be just as big of a threat in the aftermath as the catastrophe itself.
0	I think he is probably correct.  For the most part, the success of the Ipad is still a surprise.  Take away the apple appeal and people will probably be more reluctant to purchase one.
0	Yup, using less than 15mb on mine.
0	The point is that a company will have one graphics guy(who may not even be a graphics guy, since usability/experience is what people use, not knowledge of art.) for every 100 engineers.  There are not many graphics positions out there.  Most of the work is done by entry level people who kinda know how to use photoshop.  That is how newspapers do it.
1	they have internetz in NK?
0	But even when we reach that point, it'll still be very difficult (if not impossible) for a third party to personally identify you.
0	No, it's guaranteed as far as I know.  Unless there is a particular hash that only has one possible input (now that's extremely unlikely).
0	well tell him reddit says hello!
0	2000 and XP are the same OS.
0	Why not jump straight to diamond?
0	I wonder if you got downvoted for it being an ascii or because it was specifically a 3d swastica ascii. 3d is getting a lot of hate here on reddit.
1	Gee I wonder if the spokesperson wasn't missing the point on purpose.
1	I say we get rid of those silly cores and start cranking out the real chips. 15ghz pentiums ftw!
1	Please come back!!!
0	The best part I find is you can right click and save an image of it.
0	It means you treat it like a stop sign.
1	Fucking soshalists!
0	20 years.
0	In Soviet Google, car abandons effort to revive tired old meme YOU!
1	"haha I know right?  It's almost like we're part of some sort of ""circle jerk"" of inside jokes!"
0	Okay, whatever.  You asked for a citation demonstrating a link between homophobia and homosexuality and I gave you one.  If you prefer to make shit up rather than actually read it then I can't make you.
0	Wow! How's good-old Windows NT 143.5?
0	Clusterfuck: A term invented to describe the telecoms web of lawsuits against each other
1	You can never be sure that pirated copies of Windows are botnet free, so best to disable them from the net.
0	Why isn't this the first reaction to behavior such as this, instead of cramming federal laws down peoples throats?
0	Is there a difference?
0	Actually, vaporized diesel fuel is a gas and so is gasoline. So it really depends on the type of gas you are putting in the tank, but the OP's statement remains true. gas != gasoline
0	I have experienced this also.  Check your master slave configurations on the drives if they are IDE.  If you have one set to master and one set to auto, change the auto one to slave. Can make a massive difference.
0	Servers don't buy themselves.  Even if they did, they'd still use your credit card, because servers can't apply for credit.
1	Digg is Dead. Lets all have sex with the reddit alien? So is that going on....internet cockfest!
0	Pretty sure it's a sentence.
1	Don't worry - shows like Glee are fighting the good fight.
1	The US has jurisdiction over all humanity.  That's what the law says.  Remember, global problems require global solutions and the U.S, being the best country in the world, is the only country tha can come up with solutions that the rest of the world must be in full complince with.
0	That reminds me of USENET.
0	no, it's the most sarcastic reddit submission ever.
1	conspiracy nutjobs.
0	Toner actually *absorbs water* and becomes useless, although the situation's not too bad. I've printed on five-year-old cartridges, and the output was a little uneven but it still worked fine.
1	Oh, man... and this was looking like such a good initiative!
1	Awesome!  A more effective way to kill Afghani civili.. cough insurgents.
0	lol.  fine.  have your upvote.
1	Yes 512kbps $300/month satellite is available to anyone, stop complaining
0	Or the beginning of an Internet safer from government goons?
0	My guess is that Microsoft is starting to see a lot of the blowback to its past actions and realizes that it may be profitable to be a good citizen.
1	I would get it for the articles alone!
1	only communists believe that.  why do you hate jobs for americans?
0	Waste of time, all this IR, Bluetooth and physical projection stuff. Once we are all the the Matrix, there will be no limits like this.
0	Interference seems to be an issue, so I would guess that the two Kinects are using the same light...  would it be possible to actually alter the hardware in a manner that allows two to be used by changing the exact wavelength of the device?
0	Cool, thanks.
0	Ok, if your such a genius, then code it. It'll end up exactly like limewire.
0	After reading the PDF I feel slightly retarded. Can someone explain how this is an advancement in layman's terms?
0	YOU GET AN IPAD
0	I would think it would be sliding into a place that is between the floorboard and the bottom of the car. Basically two floorboards under your feet.
0	I prefer accuracy in my life.
1	And, while we're at it, when is Textmate 2.0 coming out?
0	red rocket.
0	Is it possible to get images at 100% without clicking the 'link to image' link? Was hoping for something like clicking the link would just expand it immediately.
1	But...but..that's soshulism!
0	Reading the comments might help
1	Read on, it says she had a hunch severeal years ago. Well done her for overcoming her disabilities.
0	Hrmm, I wonder why Murdochs goons have been praising the iPad as the savior of print media. He has all his readers/listeners convinced they need this magic contraption known as the iPad, but they wont know how to buy his content since they are so technologically inept.
1	They should move their servers to the cloud.
0	We had a ton of them die when I was working at FedEx. There is a reason they switched over to HP for all new machines.
0	I don't understand why there's a deal. If not expelled entirely they should be suspended for the semester bare minimum. I've been in classes like this before over my academic career several times. I don't recall when or where too well but I've seen this speech before. It wasted a lot of my time, I've never cheated on an exam.
0	Oh, great. Finally a use for all that antimatter we keep digging out of the ground.
1	Quick, sell your stock!
0	The Pirate Bay (and other torrent trackers) also offer material that doesn't infringe on copyright. And if you try to make it about what percentage, they can just host more non-infringing torrents.
1	Another good example is how they don't censor the content of your calls or SMS either.
1	All the good stuff goes through quietly.
0	The patriot act of the internet.  And the change we can believe in continues.
0	and getting base raped by an F-22 in BF2 - Priceless.
0	Needs some samples.
0	I take that they have understood the concept of IP by now, or they better be.
0	Dude, get over me not getting over a news article on the internet being chopped up into nine sections.
0	"He also should have said ""ilk"" instead of ""elk."""
0	And what if they were? It isn't the job of programmers or technologists to increase the number of computers and electronics in existence.
0	Saved for later today.
0	If the damage is so small that people don't want to bother opt-in, then it becomes neccessary to do opt-out so that the wrong doers will still get punished. On large comp cases, such as LCD/RAM/lawn-mowers, you bet it will be opt-in, because you are going to need to register serial number to prove your standing.
1	Yes, 'cos on the back of each picture in my house I have another photo of the subject taken from the reciprocal direction.
0	What makes you think that you actually explained the difference? I think you cited more similarities.
0	This is a problem specific to reddit, not Opera.  It never happens on any other site but reddit.
0	I would love it if all pilots went on strike to fight this cause.  There's got to be a better better way. I think a strike would give us a reason to rethink airport security.
1	Fucking America.  Companies making money. Fuck them.
0	Guess I'm just too geek. IRC is still my 21st century IRC.
1	This will end well.
0	Plus a feed to Twitter and Blippy and your blog. 'Bob just spent $1.15 on potato chips, reax?'
0	I don't know yet, but in a couple of years it will die like MySpace did
0	Crazy that Apple doesn't support TRIM yet, but are selling MacBook Air's with only a flash drive option.
0	The blackberry one was the closest actual picture which I found funny. Also, before we have tons of people going OMG I DON'T THINK THAT. Fine, awesome, but most of the bullshit online arguments we see this is the image we get.
0	Yeah, I tried all the tricks I could find online and it still took the stock clock app ~5-10secs to pull up. Goodbye iPhone.
1	What kind of country would we be if we allowed people to stand up against their government?  We should never support or glorify terrorists who fight their government!  Our country wasn't founded on such silly principles!
0	If you want 3D, buy a 120Hz TV and some shutter glasses.
1	What the hell, this thing looks built to last. That's not how you make money! You're supposed to make it so it will break one month after the warranty. Didn't these guys learn anything in business school?
0	"No, it's not.   In other words, this post doesn't belong here.  To quote the sidebar, this isn't fundamentally about ""new developments and innovations in technology""."
0	I think that is the point of a prototype. Sizes will increase rapidly as the tech advances.
0	Not sure why it would need static IP.   Consider for a moment that most modern smarphones are not assigned static IP addresses.
0	Can we get a reliable, concrete source?
0	Funny how you call his post ridiculous yet you don't touch on his main point which is wireless syncing.
0	"I loved that when I was in Korea. I could charge my phone anywhere. All you had to say was ""anybody have a charger?"" instead of ""anybody have the same phone as me? No? OK"""
1	Damn socialism making our lives easier with their evil ideas. If the US has shown us anything it is that unrestrained capitalism should give us micro-USB on all devices, right?
1	These formats especially pay off when you listen to them with electrostatic speakers, connected to your balanced stereo system with fist-thick cables (gold connector versions of course). Especially in the 20Khz-25khz ranges, the sound is exceptionally better.
0	That is true, I will edit.
0	No.
0	The comments are priceless.
0	prove it. because it's fucked up if true :(
1	Fucking commies.
1	Dvorak's not biased
0	Because people are smarter outside
0	This would do that if you pop the hard drive out of your old laptop. It will transfer from sata or ide drives, which makes it versatile. I got one for work and it is the best thirty bucks I ever spent.
0	Yes, and it was working well until V4. DAMN YOU KEVIN ROSE!
0	Yup - Sony's doing loads of great work here. The PS3 has a fuckton of 3D games coming out (GT5 already is)
1	Oh no! A boycot? Apple could never survive that!
0	If there is one thing I found to be exceptionally bad in my stay in the US, it was the cell phone companies, the service and the price. Things are usually more expensive in Norway, yet using a cell-phone was around 2-3 times the cost here. Kinda makes you wonder how corrupted the system is.
0	I know. That is a comment from Digg. I'm sick of this shit.
0	I'm not sure you understand what subliminal means.
0	Exactly.
0	DDOSivists.
0	"Of course it doesn't work in the youtube video, the logo in the actual ad was projected with an additional flash behind the cinema screen - and even if they put a flashing ""BMW"" into the video, your computer screen is probably not bright enough to produce a noticeable after-image from such a short exposure."
0	yw.
0	And my work just blocked us from using dropbox, this sucks I'm going to have to use USB drives again, well hats off to the Dropbox team. If you don't have Dropbox yet do yourself a favor and register!
0	you can count! *one man applause*
0	Facebook is worse.  If you delete your profile, it takes 14 days before your account is actually deleted, *and if you log in within those 14 days, your request is canceled*.
0	And it features a battery life of fifteen minutes.
0	i keep thinking i have new mail because it looks exactly like the gmail checker.
0	"probably has some thing to do with the fact that emails are ""stored.""  Are they googles property or your own?  Making a phone call isn't really the same thing as your conversations aren't backed up."
0	Apt? We'll I guess we all have our points of view. Personally, if I wanted to argue for something I would not relate it to banking in anyway. What started out as someone looking after your money rather than keeping it under your bed has now turned into Nations owing businesses and individuals money. If you think this was a good analogy I can only assume you also think the banking system of today is great so clearly we have an unbridgeable gap in our thinking.
0	Not in my experience. At least for new books. I'm sure with older ones where enough time has passed for the community to go over them multiple times the quality is good. But usually the books are about as good as the crappy Google scans.
1	just think, the books in the landfill are sequestering carbon
0	"I would disagree. There isn't a difference, if the person doing the ""custom application"" isn't suitably expert. Windows 95 (LM) password encryption? That's ""custom application of a primitive"", the primitive being DES. It's also *completely worthless*. And it's not worthless *because* DES is weak -- there were stronger password schemes based on DES long before LM was invented. It's worthless because everything about the way it uses DES is inappropriate."
0	You invented it? I saw something similar on reddit about 2 years ago.
0	Oh like that judge sucks cock better?
1	Of course they can.  They'll just outsource the jails to Chinese and Indian companies, leaving only the rich and powerful buying up all of the repossessed property to house their new imported slave/indentured servant workforces.
0	There actually was the question of whether it would be economically viable or not; Netflix was doing a lot of things differently within the same market as Blockbuster, especially before streaming really came around.  It'll be taught as a lesson in business schools precisely because it illustrates how much a company has to focus on being able to adapt and change if they want to avoid being struck down by an upstart.
1	thank you i made it myself
0	Unless they get search engines to play along and ban the DNS of any foreign search engines that won't play ball.
1	But, but, but... it's so shiny!
0	Megaman. You get Megaman.
0	Not that bad.  I just withdrew my cash today.
1	They are losing $18 Billion a second over these hackers! That's from an expert!
0	RIP MMO's.
0	You may be joking, but there is a huge difference between harassing a nobody for a couple of days, or DDOSing some Web 2.0 blog of vanity page vs taking down a commerce system of one of the two major payment processors globally.  Especially during the holiday gift buying season.  This is something that WILL get investigated &amp; the US government does have the capability of tracking at least the idiots who don't use proxies.
0	This looks like an attempt to fix their tattered image.
0	"This is how any software company should handle piracy instead of taking the bat-shit crazy route and screaming ""SUE. EVERYBODY!!!!!""."
0	minority report?
0	Wow this is pretty crazy turn of events. Hope he gets what he needs.
0	Ah, never mind then :)
1	God doesn't exist, you cave-dwelling retard!
0	Yes I could kind of see the redirection on some pages. But why is that? Why do they have to redirect it? What do they achieve that could not be achieved in an other way?
0	You must not work in IT.  One time, I got a screenshot of a problem pasted into MS Paint, a screenshot of the screenshot in MS Paint then pasted into a .doc file and attached to an email.  Users can and will do wonderfully stupid shit.
0	TAT made their name with cute demos of what you COULD do (but never really would because it would be SO. FUCKING. ANNOYING.) if you made your UI do flippy zoomy shit using the 3D accelerator in your shiny new ARM chip.
0	Yes it is the private sector, but they were coerced by the government.
0	They rolled over like the pillsbury doh boy!
1	yes because all no follows should count as a down vote
0	yeah, I sometimes feel like I come off like a dick when I don't mean to. it's a complicated issue that gets even more complicated by buzzwords and lawmakers not understanding the technologies they are legislating on.
1	You are obviously the most intelligent person on Reddit.
0	"Anytime I open up my ""available networks"", there's always like 10 available.  Shouldn't there be a way to bypass the ISP's and just create our own wireless internet, free of charge?"
1	Oh wow, they must be making an induction motor. We have never seen those before
0	Yes, that's essentially the assumption. You'd look at the album in which they're tagged. If none of the pictures except 1 have tags, maybe the person uploading didn't bother to tag the album. But if all the pictures have pretty regular tags, it seems to me that it's safe to assume that if a tag is missing from one of those pictures, the person who was tagged removed it themselves.
0	You have struck at his very core. He is now a broken man. You have put him and his family on the streets because he can no longer bear to look at a computer.
0	Oh good I haven't seen a post about this for almost 45 minutes.
0	I just clicked the comments to say precisely word for word the same thing. You have my upvote sir bacon.
0	Why not just raise your prices?
0	Damn it... then my cell phone must work on magic. Right? Right?
0	Standard for a lightbox, non-standard for an advertisement. Like cupholders are standard for cars but not motorbikes.
0	That is amazing! It's damn hard to explain why, but all those shapes moving like that. It's hypnotizing.
0	I actually watched that this past weekend, after not seeing it since it came out. I forgot how short it was, and how early they cut it off.
0	When will americans finally understand that they have a one party system. Republicans and democrats have exact same policy of exploiting your ignorant and small-minded populace. They pretend to be different by playing up non-issues like gay marriage, abortions, and drug control, while they have nearly identical overarching domestic and foreign agenda.
0	Yes; they're actually straightening out your fiscal situation.  Boohoo, you have to live with fewer fucking websites, so your country's grandchildren don't grow up starving wage slaves.  I'd say that's a good tradeoff.  If only we had that sort of spine in the United States.
0	Because no one you know will ever call you from a borrowed phone.
0	Must be right wing hate speak.
0	lol
0	You are correct, the bar is built into ff now, presuming you mean the one where you can choose search engines / sites with the drop down menu?
0	How, again, would it be cheaper?
0	"I thought it was ""man has knee replacement [that is a] robot"".  I was excited."
0	Well with netflix wanting to whack it's customers and force them to move to streaming this seems fair
0	Do you really want a MS paper clip clone on your phone?
0	Just trying to have a little fun with the 'IIII is IV on a clock' logic. That is, I'm playing fast and loose.
0	I've heard Fry admit several times that he's a technophobe; give the guy a break, he can't know everything.
0	"$1 plus hundreds of millions in stock options. Lets not give the guy too much credit, here. And he hordes the money and gives zero to charity. Say what you want about his tech achievements, but he deserves nothing but criticism on the humanitarian front: he is the kind of billionaire that gives rich people a bad name. He gives *nothing* back to society, and his ""$1 salary"" is nothing but an underhanded marketing ploy."
0	WOZ COME BACK!!!!
1	Yes, and those being crucified were the only people that Rome's government decided to execute.
0	Everything in the bible =/= Jesus' views.
0	Intel builds ARM processors too.  Yes, they license the design from ARM Holdings and they have more competition than on x86, but its not like Intel can't make a great ARM processor and make money there.
0	His friends don't have him?
0	He must be kidding, because we do get SMS spam in the US.
0	Thats 2.2 which is nice but they also made performance gains in 2.3.
0	I LIVE IN THE FUTURE!
0	Whilst Chinese (Mandarin) is the most prolific language in the world (simply because there are more Chinese than any other nationality) China as a whole is only a fraction of the global economy. The rest of the world has settled on English as the universal language... except for of course math.
0	I played that on the Tandy 1000. I learned very early on that the questions repeated themselves so you could figure out the answers. I was also about 10.
0	There was a link a few months ago on Reddit that had a coupon code for Newegg that made a 2 TB drive something like 60 bucks.  I jumped at that shit, and there's only about 900 GB left on it...  I'm contemplating this drive too now.
0	Have you witnessed what a spilt pot of coffee can do to a motherboard?
0	Is it the 'D'?
1	This is so cool!  Now government agents will be able to track anyone down in a matter of seconds - just like in the MOVIES!
0	If something like this prevents murders, kidnappings, and sex workers, then I'm all for it.
0	It's *IE*
0	That's plain wrong.  Explain how that happens and cite your sources.
0	Fun fact: Obama used to be mentored by Joe Lieberman.
1	As an american we equate you with the american government. You obviously agree with every decision made by every elected official and we hold you personally responsible for those reps' actions.
0	(citation needed)
0	Everytime I hear Leo Laporte say he loves that site, it makes me cringe.
0	Well it is and that is the problem.
0	Fuck it, let's just use vi and the ascii keys, shall we?
0	Where can I find an affordable webmaster and web host that works with Drupal?? I need honorable and capable people. I run a small 5 page website and I wish to efficiently expand. My current provider overcharges and under services my account so its time for a change. Drop links here and i will privately follow up.
0	I'll show *you* some heat balls
0	I'm more interested in how the original was made, frankly.
0	"Who's ""they""? A lot of people would buy Intel as a result."
0	Uh...hate to break it to you buddy but floating point numbers aren't exact either.
0	People still use MySpace?
1	Yay, now it's easier for me to stalk my favorite celebrity.
0	White is an obsolete color anyway. HTML5 takes care of that now.
0	That *is* a big assumption, especially considering all signs are the TSA is *not* competent.
0	I've always had a little dream of having goggles or glasses that allowed me to see wifi fields.
0	"Notice that every time you answer a question, the ad on the page refreshes. This is how they can give away ""free"" rice: the advertiser is subsidizing it."
1	FileVault Encryption = Bitlocker... way to go Microsoft for copying Apple
0	They want everyone *else* to be libertarian...and then take full advantage of the resulting lack of oversight while nobody's looking.
0	"I remember seeing that snippet, is there a source for this, because all I can find is that ""scan"" which could have been easily generated."
0	I can already move officenfiles to the cloud with SkyDrive and Sharepoint integration.  Oh...they meant Google's cloud.  No thanks.
1	Its a government tactic to keep taps on you. Whatever you do..... Don't log on
1	No no no.  Don't you know that Reddit considers Australia some kind of IT throw-back with horrible cyber-laws and Orwellian government oversight?!
0	Okay, I guess that makes sense.  I personally like it-- not for its navigational function but as an indication of how long an article is or how much more I have to read before I finish it.
1	It's slow so they have time to read it.
0	TIL Watson is a redditor.
0	You mean John Henry?
0	That's a small amount of fuzz, so it's only significant if the number of votes is small. 1800 votes is not small.
0	If you are that worried about it then fire is the answer.
0	the market is run by people. People are weak and irrational. They react emotionally and are incapable of thinking beyond the short term. Do you honestly, for a second believe this whole market is sustainable for any extended period of time?
0	With a dash of Hitler.
0	Wow, so it is okay to extort companies out of 30+% of their income just because a lot of people use your operating system?  It blows my mind that you think that is okay.
0	Even with the credit card you cited, the fee is 0% if you pay it off in the first month. The same is true with any credit card. When you pay extra for something you bought with a credit card, the interest you're paying is for the money you're continuing to borrow, not for whatever it was you're buying. Your argument is irrelevant.
0	Um, that in itself makes them surprisingly reputable. They had a number of other good scoops, like the Rush Limbaugh drug scandal. I absolutely did not say they were a good publication, but overall they are *surprisingly* reputable. In case you're grasp of the English language is imperfect, that statement in no way implies that they are reputable to any reasonable degree, only that they have some degree of it.
0	Why do people continue to deal with Apple?
0	"Not so. All contestants may know the answer before they are able to buzz. They must wait until the question stops being told, only then they can buzz. And the machine has better ""reflexes"" for that."
0	if you define hell it is i guess
0	maybe it is just me, but isn't hong kong significantly smaller than the united states and therefore cheaper/easier to provide 1gb internets?
0	No.  Fuck no.  Abolish the FCC.
1	Move to a country that makes better AI.
0	Oh, you Germans and your love of engineering!
0	Chess is really the game that is an exercise in rote tedium.  The algorithm that beat Kasparov is comparatively simple compared to what Watson is doing.
0	.ru domain? These guys are really stupid. I bet this will get shut down pretty quick.
0	The man may look slightly Hispanic... but the rest of the family looked Caucasian.
0	i have a Toshiba microwave from 1986 that's still in use! .. what is it with these relentless jap microwaves?
0	"Protest walk out or ""crap -- I need to get my resume updated and out there NOW!"""
0	I'm serious.
0	That's how I learned Linux. I ran it live for three days,installed over Windows and dove right in. Been there ever since.
0	And apparently, at least one 16 year old girl.
1	He seems to be the smartest guy in that company, Anon should make him their new leader...
0	That's what I thought - HP got hold of webOS and it's on tablet. webOS is awesome AFAIK.
1	What could possibly go wrong?
0	When the Republican Party drank the Reaganomics Kool-Aid.
1	Didn't you know? GAS TAXES ARE NOT TAXES, THEY'RE TAXES!
0	"Deserts are actually pretty delicate and compared to the California central valley, are far more ""natural"" and undisturbed. Much of the entire central valley used to be marshland, and now it's corn fields, cows and grapes and all dried out."
1	We're not your personal army!
0	"So if you created a site with google ads, that screen-scraped a google search for mp3s, you can have your domain seized.  Or better - you can have your property seized for using Google's ""Advanced Search"" filter feature.  Nice."
0	The author doesn't know: they obviously have no place writing such an article as they have evidenced their lack of expertise.
0	Often, the larger the company, the sloppier they are with I.T.
1	yeah ... the police have never illegal harassed people,
0	*Well* yeah, you wouldn't.
0	Please explain.
0	That's nearly 9 kerjillian bagelbytes!!!
0	As well as reading around a god damn bumper accurately, since the code spans the front of the car.
0	I thought that was japan.
0	If i lived on a planet of ten people and one guy was the movie guy, no, I wouldnt ever steal movies. Otherwise fuck it, PeerBlock=never nicked, money in my pocket.
0	This does nat mean the end of the world, calm down.
0	Trains are socialist.
0	"How exactly does MSFT get from setting up a honey-pot to ""Click Fraud""?"
0	"There's been a few videos/images around here that show the result of rare earth magnets on fingers.  One was where they were about 10"" apart on the floor when the person got their hand in between and they decided to snap together.  Road trip to the hospital!"
0	Which will work great until somebody steals your computer and the external hard drives sitting on top.
0	It's not that bad, just get the extended warranty for a few extra dollars and they will even clean your house.
0	Confirmation bias. Awesome.
1	You mean you don't want the GWFL experience brought to your entire desktop?
0	IIRC the batteries used in the volt aren't patented, but rather just a deep trade secret. This is because the chinese have no problem copying formulas. It seems to work for them (and for us); just about every lithium battery for the DIY EV crowd is coming from china.
0	Because the people who buy the laws say it is.
1	Nice to see the gov representing the people that voted for them.
0	I like where this is going.  You sir need to work on this idea.
0	"What do you mean ""had""?"
0	Users should run a server to use a browser?
1	gotta love trademarks
0	Phones ping the towers when transferring signal carriers too, no?  AGPS is another use.  So many lies.
0	TIL MySpace still has 63 million users.
0	Oh noes, a breeze!
1	Yeah, I sure love paying extra to reach the cap faster.
0	They were slave ...drivers.
1	YEA BUTT THEIR SOCIALIST COMMIES!!!11
0	* rollover service not valid during last five days of billing cycle.
0	Mozilla doesn't have incentive to spy on you like Google.
1	"As someone with half a semester of intro to CSCI under my belt I feel that I can safely say ""Yes""."
0	I've been using the beta for a while now, and I haven't been particularly impressed with it.  The interface changes are annoying to me, I think.
0	I think this is the year I finally decide I won't be getting... any cellphone actually. Canadian providers are just way too pricey, and Google Voice is a no brainer.
0	Hahahahah let's look at some of AT&amp;T's greatest hits in a land of *heavy* competition: lower speeds, worse service, greater prices, lower caps. Yeah, a paragon of virtue. Since T-Mobile offers better, in nearly every category right now, the overall average can *ONLY* decline once everyone is forced down the AT&amp;T path.
0	"Like pretty much everything in American politics.  Doesn't matter if it negatively affects people, if someone has enough money to dump into bribery...I mean ""lobbying"", then it gets pushed through."
0	.com and .net are operated VeriSign. VeriSign is a US organization. Boom.
0	Boooooo
1	"Yes!  It's not like there's any ""ROI"" on people."
0	That's a very weak argument. Due to the prohibitive expense and the very nature of these aircraft, I doubt very many will be exported. I can't think of any other way in which these aircraft could make an economic contribution. And as for employment, if these aircraft make no contribution to the economy, you are just as well off hiring people to dig holes and fill them up again. All that does is create inflation as the future output of goods and services is not going to rise but people have more money to spend. You might be right about the technology bit, but this is a very very inefficient way to invest in technology.
0	Right, but my favorite name is 5 characters long, so I can't pick it.  Why can't I?
0	google makes almost all of it's money from spying on you and advertising.
0	Until customers complain that they are too noisy or something stupid.
0	"Can we be rational for a moment? ISPs/Cable Companies/Telcos, etc selling video service are losing hundreds of thousands of customers due to streaming services like Netflix. Net Neutrality makes this even worse on the providers but NN says nothing about bandwidth caps. Expect bandwidth caps. Period. ""Cord cutters"" and the outrageous demands of content providers brought this on. Any other way to look at it is being political and unrealistic."
0	I'm another guy that hits it. In my case, I have a pretty active youtube channel that I upload to at least once a day. In addition to that, we netflix stream in my house all the time. It's common for us to stream two movies at once.
0	it's not prostitution if you are filming it.
0	"I'd like to think that some day in the future, someone will be poring over my Google search history and stumble across ""dwarf dinosaur bukkake porn"" amongst the rest of the fairly mundane searches. Let'em wonder about that one!"
0	I think people are up-voting these stories out of some sense of civic duty, but there are hardly any comments here. How many people up-voting are actually reading the stories?
0	I haven't had a problems with it in years, and I use it all day long.
1	Just look how well Austin's rail is doing.
0	And if he was, they wouldn't need to ask him for access.
1	I mean, it's not like this site is owned by a U.S. company or something.
0	Interesting website.
0	Well in their defense, most redditors aren't particularly sharp
0	This needs more power output.  That looks as though it could only cause minor burns.  I want one that can do some damage.
0	Dell's doing this shit too -.-;
0	I'm not sure about other countries but that's highly illegal here. You get a massive fine for using a mobile while driving, really not worth it.
0	"didn't want to complete any ""offers"" to view the content."
0	Yet another scintillating analysis from the fourth estate.
0	"Actually the processing is all done on your PC. Cloud storage still applies though, you can upload anything to facebook/windows live/myspace/etc in a click or two, all of which are technically ""cloud storage"""
0	About time I was hunted down, I'm an insurrectionist doncha know.
1	That's a huge exploint, if you put your email address in your signature, it won't show the alias when you send it! :O
0	There's IE Tab for Firefox, I think.
1	So the EPA is not looking out for our interests?
0	Well, it's legal and ethical to call Best Buy out on these things and use our power as nerds to steer people who come to us about tech purchases elsewhere.
0	with iPaper
1	"But everything Apple sells is ""revolutionary"". You can't beat that."
0	"There is a formula for piracy that is closely related to the supply/demand pricing curve.  The goal is to price your product so that 15% of users are pirates.  This will generate maximum profits while maintaining a healthy amount of what is called ""pirate advertising""."
1	BAH! Windows can't even keep up the same color scheme during an upgrade, I'm switching to Linux/OSX tomorrow!
0	But did Obama do anything to change them?
0	I think I must be the only person in existence who doesn't care how much RAM his music player uses.
1	Well, shit.  I guess that means they have a completely bullet-proof excuse to go pirate all of the content on Netflix then.
1	I'm sorry, I'm doing them the favor using their free service, therefore I deserve to have my personal information kept private. I am also entitled to steal copyrighted material because I have a computer and a high speed internet connection.
0	"So what if you do what I do and fill your facebook page with misinformation. Before you ask, the reason I even have one is because a friend told me to make one so we could ""stay in touch"" way back when facebook was new. I never added anything to it other than my name, well no real information."
0	You lost the right to control your own hardware when you bought Windows, sorry.
0	I've pirated in the past. I'm definitely not proud of it and wouldn't encourage it.
0	"Did you try adding ""naked"" to the search?"
0	ItsaMeMario
0	IANAL, but I would think it would be possible to sue for monetary damages. If they take your page down for easily falsifiable copyright infringement claims and you can prove that you lost money because of it, you might have a case.
0	Property tax, where the government charges rent on what you already own.
0	Netflix doesn't do it for me. If it isn't a bare minimum of 720p I can't watch it. Even if it is 720 I feel dirty afterwards and need a shower, while slowly scrubbing my body and crying.
0	nothing wrong with corporations being your big brother right? just no government  big brother.
0	Some ambitious prosecutor would still charge you and likely win a conviction. On the bright side, you can earn your college degree while in prison -- and it's free!
0	So why not decriminalize murder and rape? Wild success all around!
0	Dew tell.
0	On an Android Phone you CAN disable it, in fact it is disabled by default.
0	Yeah completely agree with you.
0	Funding.
1	Thank you Apple for letting me know where I've been. I have short term memory loss
0	I wanna know if other phones do the same.
0	It sounds like it will either be him or trump.
0	Yeah, that's pretty much it. I saw a Michigan State police behind me at the light last week texting and driving. I could see what he was doing in my rear-view mirror. If the fucking video camera on my phone booted faster I would have had video of it.
0	I'm gonna guess data-center servers don't.
1	No ur just a PIRATE!
0	I didn't know the clock was broken.  I had a class in that tower once.
0	I give them fair warning.  I wouldn't just let them buy it and then tell them they can never use it after we get home.  Normally, they change their mind at that point.  This way, *they* are making the decision not to buy it and I'm not the bad guy saying no.
0	Not really, confidence schemes generally ARE confusing (that is part of the point -- if everyone REALLY understood then they would never work).
0	I'll buy the gas if you buy the plane tickets.
0	Same here.
1	nooo really? how can you think that?
0	Why reinvent the wheel? Carve it in stone.
1	Really? Do you think so? Where else could things like that be seen?
0	The co-sponsor is a republican.
0	Any updates?
0	Thanks for reminding anybody who missed the first article.
1	Why DOESN'T REDDIT HAVE A LIKE BUTTON
0	In London, 2007, there were 10,524 cameras paid for by the Home Office. Businesses own cameras in addition to those.
0	San Franscisco can't be a police state. It's a city.
0	It's worth pointing out that the old dangerous reactors are still in use because of the anti-nuclear lobby and their efforts to stop production of newer and safer models. Electricity can also be dangerous and deadly, yet we have electric sockets in every house and they're used safely every day.
1	Plus it would suck carrying around 15 ft of cable and a magnifying glass everywhere you go.
0	you win
0	A trivial problem to solve. Throttle everything that isn't whitelisted. Darknets go kaput because the endpoints aren't whitelisted.
0	Ever since the Italians made an example of Mussolini's corpse, anyway.
0	oh the hivemind is going to be bitter about this comment.
1	awesome -I love being a part of history
0	There have been YouTubes of it since before there was YouTube. It's always 'real soon now...'
1	Wow.  They should allow the same thing in the real world.  If a company thinks a competitor is infringing on a trademark or patent, all it should take is a single letter of accusation to Walmart to have the competition's product pulled from the shelves.
0	It's clear the only way this situation will is with US troops. 12 years of no fly zones in Iraq got us 12 years of Saddam, which only ended when US troops were sent in.
0	Sad
0	If you run out of space, can't you just create another free account and have everything forwarded to that?
1	STILL BETTER THAN APPLE!
0	Could, seems like it runs a high risk of data corruption similar to striping.
0	When I made this comment, lame jokes were at the top, and the parent comment had 1 point. I know reddit is based on democracy, but this was really disappointing.
0	How long before they just plug us into WOW and machines do everything for us?
0	OR make you realize how insane and illogical our society is.
0	How cheap is it?
0	Oh yeah, I did. They're shite.
1	They'll find new business ventures to move to!
0	Yes yes,   but I'm making a simplified example and it can still be held true for this one.  and if padded with whitespace,   the results of brute force could return for same length pads in a substitution type cipher case,   could result in ANY possible combination of letters returning valid string from 0 to length of string.
0	What the fuck?  Private citizens are allowed in police interrogations?  Is this a fucked up UK thing?  And private companies are allowed to confiscate property?  First thing I would have done is called the police and report those items stolen.  I know the UK has a bunch of fucked up laws, but this seems ridiculous.
0	Quit hogging my j10
0	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
0	Well... not quite no effect, but the machine would still run, true.  Then again, that could be said of /usr/local/bin, see above.
0	This is ridiculous.
0	WRONG only if you have it set to auto download and auto install, AKA option #4.  The default is option number #3 auto-download and ASK THE USER WHEN TO INSTALL.
1	Butbutbutbut MACS DON'T GET VIRUSES
0	Hey Mikey, I think he likes it. How about some more?
0	"Also mobile and bsd if you want to nitpick, would be properly multiplatform. Which is better than ""platforms microsoft personally approves of"". Although linux support is the big one."
0	I consider myself when I think of what works.  For every 10 marketing people I've met only one of them is really good at their jobs.
0	You think you could delete this comment?  Its interferring with my impotent nerd boner of fury.
1	Yes, this is certainly a good way for Anonymous to endear themselves to the Chamber and show them the error of their ways.
0	Is it?
0	Because he has to get Leopard too it appears.
0	You're terrible at writing, because that's not what you said. You just wrote some insults followed by a statement of nonequality.
1	Isaac Newton should totally sue Apple for the use of 'Apple'. He was clearly the one that used it first.
0	1998 was a good year.
1	apple would never do such a thing
1	"Viacom expects that instead of spending $8 a month you'll spend a hundred dollars buying the DVDs for one show you've never seen and that your friends say is ""okay."" It's the perfect business plan, really."
0	It has decent and growing revenue. Our company is paying considerable amounts of money to it for example.
0	"I didn't say ""You can't give tech support to stupid people""."
0	They've always done well by me, fixed any problems I've had and never hassled me about them. Can't say the same about MS and the three xboxs that broke, ASUS who wouldn't replace a new in box monitor with a handful of dead pixels or Nvidia who tried to claim I over clocked a graphics card when it went to shit after three weeks. Other than logitech, Apple is hands down the best company I've ever had to work with, especially considering most of my issues were cosmetic ones.
1	But what is her salary? That's the only important thing when choosing what to study.
0	Hmm. Seems a bit lacking, I don't see a cup holder or tray option.
0	And how do you look for rootkits without any malware scanners?
0	This.
1	I'm glad someone is standing up for those big telecom giants and their monopolies. Them making absurd amounts of profit is more important then improving the states broadband and giving the tax payers a break.
0	each with a fat hamster inside
0	"That is a side effect of going to prison, that's not an 'official' or purposeful part of it at all, so I dont really think that's fair. The judge doesn't say ""alright, you have to go to prison, get raped, learn your lesson, come back""."
0	If I was Leo Laporte I'd be pissed that this asshat stole my show naming convention.
0	i wonder what degree of this was started by all the fear mongering done with the post 9/11 airport security.
0	Well if it gets too bad there is always the next free service.
1	NEVER HEARD THIS BEFORE!  THANKS!
0	Yeah, some people are stupid, and other people, like me, just dont know very much about computers. I sure hope you can tear down the engine in your car and trouble shot it. Because if you cant, you look pretty stupid.
1	Well at least planes can be attributed to a human error. Computers are scary and unknown!
0	I can't believe how fast this is happening, it was just a few minutes ago that there were a few automated cars dicking around in the desert an we all thought it was hot shit
0	Which stream?
0	or install better facebook extension for chrome or FF and disable theater view permanently.
0	Let the great mainstream internet censorship war begin!
0	But how many people will get swept up, jailed, or spend millions before it goes that far, and then what side will the courts rule on?
0	The success of any Apple platform is owed not to the developers but to the fanboys that keep buying the trash.
1	Yeah! Microsoft does everything right! I.E. - IE!!
0	Precisely.
0	By understandable I did not mean agreeable. I agree that it is short sighted and knee jerk, just that I understand humans tend to act like that after a disaster.
1	Yeah, MS is famous for not making money on Apple users and not providing popular MS software on the platform. Like that time when they stopped shipping Office for Mac OS for good. Horrible times those were.
0	no
0	I use Audiogalaxy. I had a lot of trouble with Subsonic on my PC. I friggin LOVE it though. I've got about 80Gb of music and carrying a ipod AND an phone seems ridiculous to me.
0	I can tell them where to put them
1	Well, government only wants to help the children and the poor. So maybe its for the best.
0	As angry as others are getting I think you're right. In the same way that traffic laws restrict our driving freedom to improve safety, your freedom to operate the car yourself can be taken away if it's for the safety of everyone. Anyway, there needs to be a divergence between the joy of driving and the utility of transportation because if we continue trying to make cars that are both fun to drive and economic we'll face a demonization of the sports cars that we love and will still be left with an inadequate transport system.
0	wow. thank you. i feel technology retarded right now for not knowing that.
0	Seagate is introducing Samsung's technology, since they bought them.
1	Yeah! And it will be huge, and loud, and use 50 times as much electricity, actually costing far more in the long run. Sign me up!
0	Just goes to show that it's time to defund and legislatively abolish every unit of Homeland Security, the most useless and oppressive waste of money and manpower in the Federal Government.
0	Isn't real property.  There's a reason why copyright infringement and patent infringement are specific crimes.  There's no such thing as idea theft.
0	If they were cheap enough, I don't see why not.
0	They want to get in the mobile space, so I doubt it.
0	Ip Man would say that...
1	Very lopsided considering all the work the consumers did.
0	I read it in Cave Johnson's voice
0	What? Poor people love casinos!
0	i could probably live on 595k for at least 10 years and not have to work
0	Keep in mind that the PS3's memory is encrypted.  Its only been fully broken this last year and even then it would be no simple task to find out where in memory the VPN credentials would be.  If Sony had used device specific credentials, such that each ps3 had its own credentials, it would make it quite complicated for hackers to get enough logins to develop with.
0	Oracle's chart is inaccurate.  The depiction of the engineering department is too big.
0	"Notice how even now, people make up names that are completely impossible to search on?  Back in the days when ""C"" was invented, that maybe made sense. But who the heck nowadays thinks it's smart to name a programming language ""go"" or ""F#"" or "".NET""?"
0	traitor!
0	Relevant to the discussion how?
0	I use Windows 7 on my work laptop and have an iMac at home... iTunes sucks pretty hard on both platforms.
0	Yeah... and you have to click through literally 5 pages to get the damn spec sheet, when the manufacture of the chip has it publicly available on their website? GRRrrrrrrrrrrrrr...
0	Do you honestly think a Google-anything won't have an internet connection as a basic *requirement?*
0	So who's releasing *revelation?*
0	I think that technique was used in the 2009 remaster of the Beatles' records.
0	$2/MB?!?  What, is the data lovingly hand-couriered to the user by Swiss Guardsmen? Is it enclosed in a fine box bound with iron and inlaid with mammoth ivory and iridium?
1	$70 million, woah, here comes the robotics boom.
0	"I don't get that article. First, it says we have a ""neutral"" net. Excepting that it's nowhere near as neutral as it should be, ok. But then he gets upset that we're trying to preserve that. We're calling for regulation that will keep it the way it is. Apparently he hasn't been listening when Comcast decides to fuck with BitTorrent traffic, or when the CEO of AT&amp;T says that they should be paid by Google when consumers access Google's sites."
0	More proof that the universe is part of some massive information network.
0	His point is that someone could potentially sniff your wireless packet transmissions between your phone and the AP...even though WPA2 is yet to be cracked.
0	Just in time for LTE.
0	Hahah
1	Oh Reddit, how I love how you provide me with up-to-date news!
0	Generate your password as usual, remove all forbidden symbols from it, then truncate it to the max length.
0	Ya, do away with the FDA. I'm sure pharmaceuticals would be much safer with no regulation on their quality.
1	Everything should be free always!
0	Again, he never said that the rollback would generate them. **Only that they would need to be generated due to the rollback.**
0	Because all of the governing forces that should be controlling them have been bought time and again by the corporate interests in which they serve.
0	I'm not sure if that was referencing them using Windows or taking precautions. I haven't read the chat logs in their entirety.
0	Yeah but DOCSIS 3 is only good if it's supported in your area right? I bought an old DOCSIS 2 modem dirt cheap off ebay for $15 because I was convinced I wasn't getting enough speed for it to matter. For the record I'm in Chicago using Comcast.
0	That's kind of what I meant.
0	Just punctuating now that I've finished.
0	You mean you don't like to watch paid programming on a network that you're paying extra for?
0	"The ""grow a moral spine"" remarks are interesting.  I wouldn't expect him to agree with it , but you'd have thought he'd at least acknowledge that from a lot of people's point of view harming governments and corporations is a moral good in and of itself."
1	Wow, these guys are pros!
1	Right, because copyright offenders are a danger to society to the point that the taxpayer should have to pay for their living expenses in jail.
0	summary? It was hard to understand
1	What about the others that are in the top ten? Do you really want Al-Jazeera in the US?
0	shit man. Uh..., I'm pretty sure this has become normal procedure for *them* to plan, better to have this type of scenario massively known... before it actually happens.. right?
0	Good to know those already somewhat scared of flying will now be totally terrified.
1	Well that glass should do an excellent job of protecting you from cosmic radiation when you reach the cruising altitude.
1	What you want socialized internets ?
0	we already have tech and medicine that keeps you alive when your own body fails to do so. I'm sure cyborg electronics will be the way of the future. You can't get any more perfect than mechanical.
1	I heard about this other place for scammers to make money, it's called the stock market... sounds pretty sketchy to me
1	And this will only be used to spy on our enemies. It won't ever be used to spy on our own people.
0	Yep, there was a reddit post about it when Vista came out too.
0	I know that, but it doesn't mean the government cares. Bitcoin doesn't have the political cover of the 2nd amendment and the NRA.
0	So could the algorithm to pump out coins be written a different way to run better on nVidia machines?
1	Sounds like a perfect fit for every state. We don't want people offended now do we?
0	hahaha ... you, sir, made my day! upboated!
0	"I think it's pretty ~~funny~~ sad that you assume they are ""trapped at the bottom"" and have no other responsibilities than the part time job they work at. You are talking about a career in a discussion about jobs."
1	Guess they'll have to detain anyone in the vicinity with glasses now.
0	They are a different market. No chance for consumer confusion.
1	Again?  I *just* read about this a few hours ago!
0	I don't know why exactly you switched lines for some of them (like d and j)... But good work. :)
0	Apple's known for shafting small indie developers like this. Expose and Dashboard on the mac originally came from other developers that Apple eventually drove out of business by including their clone for free in Mac OS.
1	Next you're going to tell us that this kid only combined two things that already existed on iOS devices separately, wireless and sync. His creation of a wireless sync app was in clear violation of Apples original patents.
1	Good luck with that. I see you're real up to speed with current technology so it'll be real easy, just like everything else tech-related.
0	Is this what the AppStore is now?  A front for Apple to poach ideas?
0	Skip to about 19:40 for the bit about Cleverbot if that's all you're interested in.
0	Is that a QIC-80 drive up there at the top?
0	And here, for some reason, I thought everything in our modern futuristic society was going to be heavy.
0	what's interesting is discussing Apple(according to brain scans) affects fanbois in the same way that religion affects evangelists.  So I guess bashing fanbois affects fandroids in the same way that Atheists bashing evangelists does.
0	Why do people think this drivel is even slightly entertaining?
1	Yeah, let's stop complaining about it and allow it to be the norm.
0	[](/dude)
1	Right, consumers will *definitely* notice that.
1	ok, maybe less juvenile, but it certainly is lame.  ooo.. windows logo on an apple store... WOOOHOOO
0	I think it does -- it's just not listed as being compatible.  You can forcibly enable it if you edit the XPI (or if you use one of the extensions that lets you try addons that are listed as incompatible.)
1	Yeah, gotta be careful of all those .ttf viruses!
0	"Now change the word ""Office"" to ""Nvidia Drivers"" and you see our entire point. Why would Microsoft have their devs make Linux Drivers for Nvidia cards if there are community OSS drivers?"
1	At least they're good at fighting wars and building cars.
1	Another win for the social engineers.
1	I can't wait until my service changes from T-Mobile to AT&amp;T!!!!
0	MAFIAA = MPAA
0	Bump
0	Since BitCoin is still in the initial phase of distribution the value of them is still fluctuating pretty wildly, it will probably take another year or two for things to settle down and for them to maintain a consistent value.
0	You can't claim gold for U.K. banknotes as Sterling has not been linked to gold for a long time.
0	You seem to be confused. This OS is not for multitasking, or any other kind of work for that matter. This is a terminal to collect money for dinky, useless apps.
0	15? Is that all? I can tell you that more than a few hospitals are using applications that were first created in the 70s
1	Yes but the USA produced twice as much corn as China last year because of its **subsidies**. That's a lot of ethanol!
0	the more relays there are, the faster every tor users connection is.  So if a lot of people set them up, using Tor could be comparable in performance to using a regular browser, which means more people would be willing to use it to stay hidden, even if they don't strictly need to.
0	Most country's have rulings saying you have to be XX years old to run in a office, That ruling would need to be changed but that's not going to happen.
0	an increase in stupidity and bloodshed.
0	The 250GB cap has nothing whatsoever to do with backbone costs. The article is disingenuous or misinformed. For cable systems, the caps are necessary (according to the cable companies) because of the shared nature of those systems within the neighborhoods. It is a shared system where a handful of very heavy users will negatively affect the experience of other users on the same node. The caps have nothing at all to do with backbone bandwidth, speed or availability.
1	Easy, just start your own grass-roots political campaign or pay exorbitant amounts of money to hire a lobbyist! If you don't spend a large part of your life trying to combat unfair legislation then you clearly *deserve* to be taken advantage of.
0	Get your town to start a Municipal ISP
1	Afghanistan or Iraq?
0	Sea creature giving a hug.
0	Simple answer is: they shouldn't get away with it because as far as I'm aware, that would violate PCI DSS.
0	Fair point.  My bad.
0	Indeed they did.
0	Except history shows that getting someone to do that at Google is exceptionally difficult.
0	$54,000 + legal precedence. However, the $54,000 is relatively moot.
1	stick to your booze,cigarettes, and caffeine folks. Much safer than that evil evil cannabis!
0	mobile usage, older phones used opera mini and new smart phones have a more featured browser
0	But then someone (multiple people) would be stuck with nothing.  Think about it.  Let's say you have 5 people, with 5/1 connections.  One person could get the full download of 5 Mbps, but then 4 others would get 0.  Hence my first case in which it would work.
1	This is actually good. They are about to open Google Plus Plus, which everyone will be transferred to.
0	I posit that anything short of forensic logs would invite the same criticism they're getting now for not being transparent. They investigated it. Twice. Before and after all the uproar. Both times, the ban was upheld. The offender has been contacted. They know what they did. If they don't want to share that information, why should Google?
1	"Let me make this perfectly clear: It's not that I ""trust"" Google, it's just that I'm far too lazy to actually bother to back anything up externally.  I mean come on, they wouldn't possibly close *my* account for no good reason, right?  ...Right?"
0	"And? His link was pointless, because all the post he linked to says is ""Yes, he violated the terms of service. No, we're not going to tell you what he did. End of story."""
0	**BETRAYAL!!!**
0	"Wikileaks are ""hackers""?"
0	I miss the old, non-complete-dickbag-douchenozzle Anonymous. Now all they want to do is piss regular people off by DDoSing nice things.
0	blablabla, I can think for myself, thank you.
0	Only Claims 4, 5, and 6.
1	I already couldn't afford netflix, I dunno what everyone else's problem is. If you can still pay for it then shut up and gtfo.
0	Welcome!
0	Somebody has to pay to keep the lights on
0	Dont mention it :)
0	"Also skill three ""would be beneficial"", but is required at the bottom."
0	On the other hand, the world does need to protect infrastructure from solar flares and stuff. Don't want something like the solar storm of 1859 to wipe out our infrastructure.
0	I HATE my 5GB cap limit on wireless internet...that being said, I'm out in the county and they aren't going to be laying out any fiber optic lines any time soon :(
0	It's not ethical, either, so the humans would be similarly disappointed.
0	Not sure what the downvotes mean? People think the ps3 is half as functional as an xbox360 then?
0	"Linux is actually incredibly fragmented, because everyone seems to have their own distribution.  Granted, things tend to work well between two similar distributions, but I certainly wouldn't call it ""unified""."
0	The speed isn't the problem, it was the usage caps.
0	There's actually a rather interesting discussion to be had here.  Does a child who may not be capable of good decisions still have this right to privacy, although it would prevent their parents from helping them?
1	Yeah, instead of requiring service providers who have a forced monopoly to give reasonable service, he should just shell out extra cash to avoid the hassle.
0	To be fair, one of the definitions of gender is sex.  Unfortunately, one of the downfalls of English is that words often have multiple definitions depending on their usage.
0	Because then he doesn't have a reason for anonymous idiots on the internet to be condescending.
0	So do my friends, until this Google+ nonsense takes off. As much as I love having Facebook deactivated, sometimes it sucks to be the last person to know about someone's party or that they are getting married or that they have free tickets to the concert on Saturday.
1	What are you talking about?  It's no like we're all a part of some *social network*.  If I were interested in someone's life, I'd just stalk them.
1	But how are business supposed monetize the service then?
0	I don't rely on phone numbers to be the only way of contacting someone. (email, facebook, Twitter,etc)
0	Heaven's Waiting Room
0	My induction stove has a touch interface. Sure, it's not multi-touch and it doesn't have a real display, but the paradigm is there.
1	No shit, really?
0	If the internet was as connected today as it was when I was the same age, and I had the same automated tools at my disposal yes easily. If you think these juveniles have some greater plan and are not just hacking for the sake of hacking what they can at other's expense, you are the more deluded.
0	It's a very strange version of the selection bias.
1	Thank you for respecting my wish to not be bombarded with news of atrocities I can't do anything about.
0	You can probably rule out using most forms of nuclear power, then. The risk of causing physical harm to someone else with mobile nuclear power is not small.
0	They are not my keyboards, they are in adjacent offices, several of which in another company's space.
0	Sure but that is easily fixed by a little law that enforces you to take certain steps of securing your router/net in the same way you have to lock up your weapons in an approved way. So if someone using your connection for illegal purposes you can be charged with neglect in the same way if a 5 year old get hold of your Glock and shoots someone.
0	"Our office has a simple solution to that:  ""We only support Windows-based workstations, and we do not troubleshoot issues involving your personal property.""  So when people whine about not being able to get to their email on their iPhone, I simply tell them tough shit."
0	You finding this validating is on par with you finding obamacare constitutional, there lies the fiction in which qarl lives.
0	TIL a good way to keep a private site off google.
0	Wow... fuck you America. You're not the entire fucking world.
0	Please.  I developed a means of permanently making any garment completely, 100% germ free years ago.  And it's dirt cheap, you can do it in your home!  It's called a fire.  You throw your garment into it, and I guarantee you that it will be germ free for the entire lifetime of that garment.
1	Sounds like they took down a bunch of Low Orbit Ion Cannon users. They'll be on to the leader of Anon in no time! Keep up the good work Italy!
0	WI elections does it old school with bags of surprise-votes.
0	3 years since i stopped reading BoingBoing and still i wanna punch this guy in his smarmy face. is he capable of a single piece that isn't chock full of self-promotion for his terrible writing?
0	Still, I doubt that my friend who's a level 50 at Mafia Wars and doesn't give two shits about the computers will move.
0	What are you doing, Dave?
0	This has me wondering if we can take this, the original Queen recordings, the Glee cast recording, etc etc etc and sync them all up to have like, half of everyone who's sung a song since the seventies in one massive rendition.
0	Because the only thing Apple monopolizes is hipsters and old people.  Oh, wow, largest tech company out there...still 30% phone share, less than 5% computer share...etc.
1	lol, taxes
0	A break up fee if it fails to pass regulatory muster? What the hell kind of a contract is that?
0	I don't think so, but people have been questioned and the Feds seem to know what Tor is and how it works, enough that they don't bother taking you to court in the first place.
0	Why? because people asked for it. They sacrifice only a few pixels to make those people happy
1	Yea, controlling the mouse is really hard. I mean it is impossible to click on menu in less than 3 shots, and all the time lost because of overshooting (mouse fly like crazy, it is unstoppable)
0	Oh My GOD! Everyone knows what my documents are? Shit, I have to deleted my history before more people find out!
0	My dv6000 is a little over three years old. Not a single problem so far.
0	I worked for EDS and left right before HP bought them.  I kept in touch with some people.  They seemed to go out of their way to keep the highest-paid and most incompetent people, while getting rid of the productive ones.
0	They barely need to bother. We send almost all of our innovations, schematics, engineering knowledge there to have it built in their factories.
0	This should be the top comment.
1	I LOVE my 10mb web space allotment from comcast! I can so put up gifs, small jpegs, and maybe, just maybe 1% of my documents folder! I am the king of my domain!
0	I counted three. Feel the joint at the base of your thumb, then move down towards your wrist while moving your thumb around. You'll find it.
1	Sure, blame the social networks... I'm sure THEY are the reasons for the riots.
0	r/askscience is self-post only. It's scaled reasonably to 50,000 subscribers
1	No, it will be the year of Desktop Linux!
0	My university ratted a few summer school students out to the RIAA many years ago.
0	He has pancreas cancer, far from good health. :-/
0	But... it's one sentence.
0	That is practically identical, Samsung should probably counter sue.  People might be confused, and think their ipad is the superior Samsung digital picture frame.
1	If 100,000 people join this group, Facebook will go back to the old layout! I can't wait!
0	I've seen ads that are nothing more than a big green Download Now button, with much white space between it and the name of the product in the banner.  Suffice it to say that the first Download link you see will never be the correct one... The one you actually want will always be smaller and further down the page.  I admit I have inadvertently clicked the wrong button (the ad link) a couple of times when in a hurry.
0	The situation is the creation and existence of potentially harmful tech.
0	are you saying that if you don't like apple you are homophobic?
0	Because it hasn't happened in Europe, where air travel security is on the same level as in the US?
0	But why would a large corporation pay out a large sum of money for Windows 7 licenses so they could run everything in XP Mode?
0	My old Handspring and my iPAQ looked nothing like an iPhone and neither do any of the HTC phones that I've seen IRL.  But I do regularly mistake the Samsung Galaxy for an iPhone 3G(S).
0	I think I had to replace the power socket on one of those - the LCD had to come out of its lid too. Just to replace the power socket.
0	Please open source it. Please open source it. [crosses fingers]
0	It did for a new restaurant called Full of Bull in Madison, WI.  When I lived there I found out about it through a Groupon, and kept coming back for the Boston Cheese sandwich.
0	They do get a pass, because they're the innovator.  The same thing happened when the iPhone came out.  Other smart phones sucked in comparison for a long time, now the consensus is that there are many viable alternatives.
0	Whether it's $50 or $50000 the principle remains the same.
1	Yeah, it's all good. It's okay to provide a piece of false evidence, as long as there's other real evidence. I'm pretty sure that's how the law works.
0	Oh dear.
0	Oh good! Then we are in agreement.
0	No thanks, I'll wait for the Android RAZR.
0	MeeGo's dead at their own hand.
0	No, you're wrong.  It's more than just a marketing thing.  Firefox is trying to stratify their development process in order to more effectively get large updates to their users.
0	you really need to take an English class.
0	Did you read the article ? Conspiracy aside he talks about some of those hurdles it has to get around first. It's not like they could just start knocking these off a manufacturing line which is what many people think.
1	All the best leaders are.
1	surely it would make more sense to ban violent computer games or heavy metal music
0	The comments also reek of fanboyism.
0	Unless your income is over 100k a year, linkedin is pretty worthless.
1	Ya, everyone just *loves* running two or three browsers to cover all eventualities. That approach has gone down *so well*
0	is there an equivalent for NFL?  Sports programming is the only thing I miss after switching to watching to watching TV via Internet (torrenting), and NFL is the main sport I watch
0	And just when their recent Syrian actions actually did something good, even if it wasn't that important.
1	My mom sometimes talks about the old days, using DOS all day and night. I never realized she was part of AnonOps!
0	Because all of the redditors who self-diagnose themselves with aspergers just because they're a bit socially awkward are cunts.
0	Big red button on the wall.
0	"According to Ronald Kessler or ""A CNN source with very close to the U.S. Secret Service"" (probably Mr Kessler). Is there anything official?"
0	Author should have stuck to the meat: producers at Top Gear knowingly creating a false impression of the Leaf and other electric cars.  He goes off the rails when he starts making assumptions about street racers being encouraged by Top Gear.  As far as I know street racing, in fact all kinds of racing, predate Top Gear significantly.  Ends up sounding like someones grandmother by the end.
0	So, spend $40K on a leaf, and then rent another car when you need to drive more than 100 miles. Yep. that sounds like a good way to spend my hard earned money.
0	"Shorter Monbiot: ""how dare Top Gear say that driving fast cars is awesome and that electric cars aren't a panacea?! They must be a bunch of right wing loons who want to kill people and doom the planet!"""
0	Jesus christ thank you, what a terrible article.
0	MSE hardly takes even two minutes
1	A brain drain to Conservapedia?
0	But we shouldn't have higher expectations of a *beta version*.  If this shit still happens when the final version is opened to the public, then we should get mad.
1	I *love* having the freedom to to whatever the corporations say I should do.
0	You are taking advantage of someone who, morally, may not understand the consequences of their actions (and legally, for sure do not understand), while the other person does, and doesn't care.  That's predatory behavior.
0	"""might"""
0	Which is a retarded stance to have anyways, if you don't want people using the internet use a firewall solution. But if their jobs require it give them the best tool for the cheapest price.
0	Hey look, smug European redditor appears.
0	I'll be damned.  I was just trying to be funny, and it turns out that *was* an old timey word.  Thanks!
1	This is a virtual outrage. Without virtual property rights, the litigant would be left with virtually nothing. Something needs to be done about this virtual copying or there will be virtually nothing left for the plaintiff's business model. Will someone think of the plaintiffs?
0	Good on them for publishing source. Too often this sort of thing isn't actually in public code. I'm not that impressed by it (looks suspicious under DPI or such or even that is potentially encrypted..).
0	So what's the workaround?
0	I'm in saturated 3G with spotty 4G coverage and I might as well be using a tiny laptop at home on wifi. It's fast as shit. 3Mb minimum at all times. This is with the Epic Touch 4G Galaxy II, so my experience is probably biased, but even my old Moment worked fine.
0	Thanks!  Researching this is difficult because they try to hide it.
0	There's a list on reddit that has alot of good books and someone went and gathered them all and made a torrent on demonoid. Very nice.
1	Sure, but that has nothing to do with Spotify.
0	Easier to hold than a book, instant gratification rather than schlepping to the bookstore/library, can borrow library ebooks instantaneously (if available at your local library), often cheaper than a paper book and many bestselling indie authors sell their books for 99 cents, and a ton of free public domain *and* recent promotional books.
0	"I really don't think they'd have a legal leg to stand on if I, say, *only* used my Internet connection for NetFlix streaming 30 minutes a day. I would be using a very small amount of bandwidth yet they could *still* discriminate against NetFlix because ""they are losing profit""? The wording on the new rules might be a little vague, but I don't think the *intent* is vague."
0	"When did Facebook/Tumblr/Twitter/Netflix/Pandora/Gmail go from being websites to ""cloud service providers""?"
0	Man, I think I'm broken: for some reason Google is the only business I totally trust to keep all my information. I'm such a fool.
1	Wait, I thought things I really like and use frequently are rights. Are you saying that just because I like beer, I am not guaranteed beer by the government?!
1	Wait, I thought things I really like and use frequently are rights. Are you saying that just because I like beer, I am not guaranteed beer by the government?!
0	Everyone should have the right to access the Internet providing they can pay for a connection, period. To suggest otherwise is absurd. It's a simple matter of freedom of speech. It's still a restriction on speech even if you can exercise said speech in a different venue, according to the US Supreme Court.
0	What if I don't live in the US?
0	They tend to use tracer t.
1	Yeah, according to the petition no one gives a fuck.
0	yep. all we're going to get out of this is form letters and obama congratulating himself yet again for 'being a man of the people' instead of puppet #2282021-A.
0	Just like any overly large organization with elected leadership (e.g. congress) the constituency is so huge that even the marginalization of a few *thousand* members wouldn't create a large enough issue to depose the elected representatives. This is one of the big problems with large unions.
1	And thats why America still needs to make things dad gummit. Why is everything made in China while us Americans work in cushy service or tech industry jobs. We need more factory jobs so everyone can be miserable all day at work!
0	We're looking at now now. That was then.
0	It's no joke. The ability to efficiently dismantle a major corporation lining the pockets of the right people in the process is a rare and valuable one.
0	That's what the market is all about, though.  If there is a shortage of people, salaries should rise enough to attract more workers.
1	A grid of app icons!?  What a rip off of Apple!
0	What? Qt/C++ was the best thing about it! Android/Java is pretty awful in comparison.
0	I wanna know why they sliced that into so many damn images and put it in a table
0	Regardless of what we suspect the cause is, perhaps we should install video cameras at accident prone intersections in order to clearly identify why these accidents are happening. Then, we could go about making changes to the intersections to improve safety.
1	how noble
0	"Been telling this to people for YEARS even here on Reddit, ever since the advent of onstar. The ""stolen vehicle recovery"" was another point where I was called a conspiracy nut when I said that it'd be only a matter of time before they stop your car because the police/government ""just want to talk to you""."
0	You're right. It doesn't change that we're headed that way though. Call me crazy, but independent construction contractors aren't buying this info to help them bid on road projects. Nefarious security contractors, high profile lawyers working for the largest corporations, and investigators are going to be at the top of the list of buyers.
0	Well that's hardly an Android issue then.  You're complaining about a lack of open drivers at that point.
0	It looks like its corked at the top.  It wouldn't work well otherwise.
0	Couldn't have anything to do with economies of scale could it?
1	So regulations getting in the way of the markets results in lower quality products and services?  How could this be!
0	No
0	And that's the **real** pinky suck moment.
0	so we have consensus then
0	No, that's the cancer.
0	This is my surprised face. Look how surprised I am.
1	Yeah because it worked so well for Apple.
0	probably just release a netflix metro app?
0	One day, tube and wing will lose its dominance to smoother bodies, I suspect. This decade is not that day though.
0	The reboot countdown is only really an issue if you weren't paying enough attention and didn't see the error message before reboot.
1	Don't hate WB.  That 47 seconds of 300 that you clearly *intentionally* pirated cost 1.5 million American jobs.
0	Boy oh boy I can't wait to get emailed condom coupons after making a status update about my date tonight.
0	My company owns some call centers. That's where I got my start. It's definitely soul crushing in a way. Good luck, and remember... No matter how contrived your job is, there OS ALWAYS room to innovate. You seldom get ahead by just doing your job well. You have to do your job well and also go above and beyond.
0	Should just call them stuck-up cunts instead.
0	I'd love them to just make a really good social site focused on movies. That'd be fun: to chat with other movie fans about films.
1	What article? I'm just here for the comments!
1	What a shitty power source!
0	"Citation? That's contrary to precedent I can recall. Just as an example, the oft-cited robber sues victim, or ""'Robber sues clerk who shot him during holdup'"""". If I steal your camera and take a photo with it, I own the copyright to the photo, however you may be able to have copyright ownership transferred through a civil suit."
0	Upload files to Amazon S3, send the link to your friend do they can download it. You pay practically nothing for it, too, unless you're moving a LOT of data around.
0	"There's a term for this from way back in the day: ""Sneakernet."""
0	random data!? Fuck that mines going to tell the rest of the cars I'm a cop, and to get out of my way.
0	Increasing the punishment does not decrease the rate of crime.
0	How much of this is because the case was about porn? IE, is this going to set a precedent or are other courts going to claim this was a special case as music is clearly useful art, where as stolen homemade porn is not.
0	I cant stand groupon and I wish they would just go away.
0	Shit, googling didn't reveal it was a parody.  I feel dumb.
0	They're better friends than you are. :)
0	... **and** they do away with tenure so that innefective teachers can be replaced with effective ones.
1	Pedophiles?!?!
0	Same here.  From there and into today, every year after that, saw something else that was the most amazing thing ever.
1	Tracking you around the net is at the center of  Facebook's monetization model. You give up your privacy, they sell your information to advertisers so that they can target you better, you are tantalized with the products you always dreamed about(!!) whenever you are online, and everybody wins!
0	Yes, it does have to be in California. Moving to a different state would increase Amazon's shipping costs. They don't need a new distribution center in Arizona or Oregon or Nevada. They need it in California, that's why they planned to build them there.
1	my heart bleeds
0	So you crashed google? Like, all of it?
0	Because its better to always be for government regulation even when it hurts the economy and consumers.  Good ole reddit and its liberal logic.
0	Hold the phone....  it's H &amp; M that should be selling the clothes!
0	In that respect, you could say it has reddit beat too - but ultimately, sheers numbers mean that 'challenge' is a relative word here.
1	Yeah, Unity. Never saw that one coming. Huh?
0	Yeah... these guys are turning into attention whores. Nothing will happen.
0	Search doesn't fucking work.
1	i think you forgot the
0	So the battery life of the S2 is worse than the S?
0	It already has been proven by AWESOM-O, apex of artificial intelligence, that the answer is 17.
1	What a good point! Thanks for contributing something of value to the debate.
0	WHY IS IT ONLY 4 FPS?
1	So in ten or so years, after rampant growth of illegal trading in video game walkthroughs and casts of game tournaments, and the establishment of massive organized crime empires to run such trade, we'll finally get the internet back? Sounds great.
0	Then they'll need a PC decision to decide on which devision is the best plan for the PC division.
0	Ah. Right. That makes sense.
0	Why can't we have a Geothermal Power Lobby?
0	If your apple is contaminated with e. coli,  is rinsing it in water really going to clean it sufficiently?
0	yeah I think the writer doesn't understand how governments work in America or at least he doesn't understand how we talk about them.
0	"My one biggest stickler about 7 versus XP is how fucking long it takes to join wi-fi networks.  XP was 2-3 seconds tops, 7 feels like 10-15 while it's ""connecting""."
1	Meh. Bill Gates gave more money to charity that this McCarthy bum.
0	I'll bet they are.
0	absolutely brilliant, I wish I could upvote you twice.
0	The hell does that even mean?
0	Eh, i'd prefer to send my kids to the Milford school.
0	A new study shows what people have known about and been screaming at deaf ears for 3 decades. At 11, scientists confirm water is indeed wet.
0	That doesn't detract from the attacks which, as I understand it, are quite sever.
0	creatives that have trouble using technical cameras !!! , so they develop a 'focus free' camera that allows them to recover a usable picture no matter what they do to screw up taking a picture !?
1	Whoa whoa whoa! You're really pushing the envelope there with those choices. You're dangerous.
0	Or a secure intranet similar to the one the DoD runs for classified work. It has zero direct internet connections but still links the entire world on the same network. Unhackable unless you get an authorized computer with an authorize IP address.
0	Like I said in the original post... Google plus is geared towards the internet people and/or hipsters, this is why it will fail. It's basically tumblr without pictures.
1	Wow really? I had no idea Steve Jobs tried alternative medicine.
0	It's before the Google epoch of 1998, so it's early *web.* Early internet means 300-baud modems and usenet.
0	I'd say you were clever if you were the first to think of this. I've seen it on the front page in almost exactly the same form at least twice before.
0	Not to mention that the previous comment is hilarious.
0	nice just world fallacy
0	You generate bitcoins with a computer. The generation is hard. Kind of like the supply of gold in earth is not really that limited, it's just hard to find and dig up.
1	that was a great video game!
0	Seems legit.
0	Oh.  Well in that case you're correct, although you never said you were making that comparison (and it's quite a silly comparison).
0	Yeah that's pretty cool... Oh, hold on, my wallet is ringing.
0	Avie Tevanian
0	You can only get so unique with black rectangles.
0	That is why the Task Manager needs to be augmented.
1	Completely shocked!
1	Just raise corporate taxes, that will fix everything!
0	And all of the world's problems are the solvent.
0	Not with a bang but a whimper?
0	It would be handy to have a mask of your enemies when you tell them to go fuck themselves.
0	Ghostery? This one I am not familiar with. Have you some information about it?
0	I am also aware of your real life identity!
0	I am confident that it is not basketball season.  Not in the US anyway.
1	"I hope you're not implying that a site called ""torrentfreak"" could be biased in anyway?"
0	lol
0	Because only Apple innovates, only Steve Jobs *invents* stuff. It doesn't matter what anyone else does, if it doesn't have a fruity brand attached to it, most media and most people won't give a fuck. The power of marketing my friend.
0	A negative article about Steve Jobs on Gawker? Da fuck? Has hell frozen over?
0	How can they possibly smart enough to design a teleoperated robotic weapon system capable of killing anyone, anywhere in the world from the comfort of a double-wide trailer, and base that system of fucking *Windows*?
1	Ha, *read*.... fuck that. I'm part of the hive, they read for me.
0	...And yet a 55 gallon drum of silly putty would defeat it!
0	Well fuck.
0	Dual Antennae that switch intelligently between rx and tx? Care to mention what phones already have that?
0	I guess it was to soon after all. How long is reasonable time according to you?
0	doubtful.  Here's my reasoning: My almost two year old Droid Eris is really smooth on Gingerbread.  My Nexus S is very smooth, and matches my friend's iPhone 4 pretty well in regards to snappiness.  SGSII pretty much destroys both of these devices without any tweaking.
0	Um...  The author is saying that the sound that she was hearing didn't seem like that of a broken conveyor belt.  It's a clever, but very correct, use of the word, even restricting it to more prescriptivist definitions.
1	Why stop there? Just get a feature phone instead and the battery will last for a week.
0	That's what pretty much 99% of phone updates are....Android, iOS, whatever. You don't typically get ground up redesign every year. For one, it's wholly impractical.
0	There appears to be more NLP happening behind Siri... though I don't know enough about Vlingo (or Siri for that matter) to compare the two.
0	somewhat. i'm say google voice actions have been on the table for over a year now, so i'm surprised people actually think this is so great that they might consider buying an iphone 4s. and google voice actions work phenomenally well, and google actually learns your voice the more you use it and tailors the recognition engine to your voice in particular, and associates it with your google account. i don't think it's too soon for me to say that from what i've seen in the siri demos that google wins this one. but i could be wrong. i'll have to try it in real life.
1	I'm so glad we're against net neutrality because the competing interests of television, Internet, and mobile obviously have no motivation at all to try to segregate the Internet
0	The Zune HD OS is a build of WP7.
0	Thanks for this, much cooler interface than Disconnect.
0	"Please articulate what you believe ""most police guidelines"" specifically say you should do and not do in a situation."
0	In the new market updates there are +1 buttons
0	TIL that engineering nerds speak an entirely different language than I do.
0	Never put anything on Facebook or any other social networking site unless you would be OK with seeing it on the front page of the NY Times.
0	And by the way, you are close to your plan limit, we suggest you get the unlimited plan so we all don't have any interruptions with your private data and conversations, mmmkay?
0	I thought that's what hashsums were for.
1	Now THAT is change I can believe in.
0	A button appears that says connect to network. Click it, and *poof*, you're connected.
0	Really, do you need to use the catchphrase 'catchphrase' at every possible moment where it's even remotely applicable?
0	Really? It takes way more to type stuff in than scan a simple QR code.
1	yeah, but only 8 million are active.
0	Is that really the best you can do for insults, pathetic!
0	But wouldn't this be much cheaper? Perhaps not more compact. Would be nice to eliminate the loud compressor, though.
0	My roommate and I are currently working towards our CCIE and we both sat on the IRC channel for about 15 minutes drinking beer and smokin pot just laughing.
1	**Durrrrr but I don't care because its counterfeit football jerseys and noone cares if there's no due process**
0	Interesting how you don't. Money has been in use for around 3500 years. What's 40 years to that?
0	not anymore. They hardened it.
0	"Because. We are all 'Reddit'. When we meet in person, we say ""Hello, Reddit, my name is Reddit, nice to meet you. Would you care for some Narwhal bacon?"""
0	Can anyone tell me where the circuit board would be in one of these things? (not to mention the memory and controller chips)
0	Income inequality is a completely separate discussion from feminism and racism.
0	Same here.
0	Solution is easy.  Just don't display your plate.
0	Wait, when was this lawsuit?  They're hearing a lawsuit about win '95 now?
0	Oh! I had missed that there was another video, and thought this referred to a student involved in the protest. Hence my confusion. :)
1	All the videos show a bunch of violent students.  You're completely correct.
0	Same reason Bill Gates is a billionaire.
0	That's bollocks.
0	Good on Ford for doing that. They probably should have released a proper working version, but it's good they are finally fixing it
0	Well don't be such a dick when someone makes an approximation in a forum post.
1	This is great!  Now we can blow up more people everywhere *faster*!
0	Voting does not help, when the strings to the puppets your voting for, are being pulled by the same group(s).
0	"I first read it as ""pass the soap or Spongebob dies"""
1	Yah, because Android can totally not do any of that.
1	Oh wow, I'm so happy!
0	There is a cost in printing money, its measured in inflation. A currency only holds a set value at any time, when you print more you are subdividing the value of the currency. Your analogy is flawed, a better one would be the food replicators on star trek. If someone writes a program for chocolate cake,.they can produce all the chocolate cake they want as long as they can power the replicators. Only the ferengi would try to charge royalties on a replicator program. Your not a ferengi are you?
1	Exactly, the only thing worth protecting is a solid colored canvas with a random colored line through it hanging in an art gallery somewhere.
0	We already have competing currencies at the global level, and it's clearly not a logistical nightmare.
0	His other ridiculous policies are what diminishes the level of awesomeness.
0	Or OWS for that matter. This is the core of their concerns supposedly.
1	But now it is easier to click when using a tablet
0	Iris isn't that great.  Voice recognition is wonky, half the time Iris doesn't understand.  It doesn't work the same at all.
0	Yeah, well, you know, that's just, like, your opinion, man.
0	Old news. This information is months old
0	You been there?
0	I propose you downvote and shut up.
1	Problem solved!
0	You no longer work for assholes *and* you own a bunch of their stock.  Win-win?
0	Just use your imagination: what is registered as a touch could depend on how you hold the device. When your hand is wrapped around the back, it will know you're holding it and not register a touch. If you're holding it by the edges it will know to register back side touches. The camera/proximity sensors could be used to determine which side is facing you. There's just so much potential here. I think the idea is great.
0	Stop pretending to be a badger you walrus!
0	This means flash is dead on the mobile web, which basically going forward means flash is dead on the web in the long run. If Flash is dead on the web why would anyone want to use it for anything else?
0	Give this man a trophy, he'll think he's the little man on the top.
1	What? you don't take legal advise from random strangers on the Internet? tsss.... tsss.....
0	To this I have to respectfully disagree. I think the United States Constitution is one of those *once-in-however-many-hundred-years* things. It's made to be changed. I wouldn't advocate throwing it away.
0	Reporters have done that, and fooled TSA. Should we throw the rule book at such people now?
0	nope, i personally have had the same cheap one for 12 years now, and is showing no signs of breaking, but my use is not exactly heavy.
0	So this is another emergency broadcasting system in addition to the emergency broadcasting system we already have?
1	oh goody I can't wait.
0	"Well, I guess it's still a good option if someone doesn't have the dough to study in college, yet wants to have a good degree. ""Passing the exams"" is usually impossible without a certain level of understanding of the material, especially if you want straight A's."
0	Epic.
0	Maybe because they're idiots?
0	The abundance of cheap physical labor probably killed a lot of interest in further development of steam engines. Why put so much money into to developing something that you don't think anyone will use? Not to mention how many people die trying to make proper pressure vessels for the first time. Guy experimenting in steam engines explodes his shop and dies, everyone loses interest in that crazy guy's work.
0	Which, depending on the method of automation, could give the same false-solution on all cases used for the secondary word in the recaptcha.  That's bad.
0	"Yes, they are stupid laws. I like to call them ""handicrap"" spots."
0	l337
0	if windows still came with IE AND Netscape, i'd still pick netscape.
1	Yep, these are exactly the people that need to be in control of the healthcare of my child.
0	Neither was big dog, but it is now.  The article says they are well on their way towards mobilization.
0	I fucking give up.  Between this and the marijuana response what more can we do?  We protest, we petition, we complain.  It is just like it has always been, those in power ignore you until you break out the guillotine.  I'm starting to wonder if the idea of peaceful protest is just another form of control by those in power.  Really there are just over 500 people in control of all of this.  There is no reason that 300 million people should be forced to follow the backwards rules of a few people.
0	This is another petition the white house will ignore. Don't you realize that yet?
0	Ad hominem attack when you have nothing else?  I suppose Clark and Asimov had nothing to say either.  After all, they were science fiction writers.  L. Ron Hubbard, I will grant you.
1	pfft. facts are gay. anonymous are our protektorz.
0	It's worse than that.  If you enter the wrong pin, but get the first four digits right, the router notifies you that you're half right.  Plus, the final digit is only a checksum.  It takes a lot less time to crack than if they were going straight 10^8.
0	RTFA, she got it at age 9.
0	"The best part of all of this was their smug ""We're not noticing any impact from the boycott"" statement last week.  They seem to have ""noticed"" now."
0	Yep. Makes you wonder how many troll accounts they've got on reddit stirring the pot the past few days.
0	Account deleted, you violator.
0	Apple Care is the ability to go talk to genius' about your PC problems, etc. as well.  It has a place for some people.
0	Ah, Barbara Boxer. Go fucking figure. The idiots of CA re-elect her time and time again. The people in this state are delusional. Sometimes I really do believe we deserve all the crap that affects us here.
0	"Mine says that it's ""pending"" until december 30th. -.-;"
1	As in right there wrongs.
0	I hope you enjoy cracking your head open when you dive into that pile of coins. That always bothered me about the opening that show.
0	Godaddy lobbied to get a specific exemption for itself from the shutdown provisions of SOPA. It's passage would give them a huge competitive advantage.
0	"No, Google *oppose* the ""anti-piracy"" legislation. Microsoft *support* it."
0	Then how do you explain hit men or mob bosses?
0	Yep it was just a strategy to  kill the incredible momentum that was building up.
0	Hell, with the way we've been so tight financially around here, I could only afford $5 USD, but I did it. It's -something-, you know? If everyone did it, it would very quickly add up.
0	Wow, the definition of backtracking.
1	"in before IT guy says ""fuck off."""
1	Yes, let us all just sit back and relax, while we watch the internet getting fucked. Popcorn anyone?
0	Which one is the best in your opinion ?
0	Ignorance leads to injustice.
0	Regulatory compliance is generally a scalable requirement.  In other words, the smaller the company is, the more damage a new regulation will do.  They're counting on competitors catching most of it.  But even better, they're planning to keep the money from customers who get cut off on account of SOPA.  Pure profit for them.
0	Why?
1	Yeah man, FLAC is so bad, I can hardly deal with the lossless formats, so bad.
0	I buy it. If it had been her coke it would've been long gone.
1	Oh, well that's all right, then.
0	I have never had an open book test, yet I find myself referring back to google after having conversations with people in industry all the time.
1	That's why I do all my pirating into a RAM disk.
0	I think it would be stupid to avoid a school altogether merely because of wireless.  Although I also think it would be stupid for a school in the 21st century not to have it.
0	Because America is a Plutarchy, not a republic, let a lone a democracy.
0	Mine's not. :(
0	Not now they won't, but when the shit really hits the fan, we will see.  And violent revolution is not the only type of revolution.  God damn, peoples are dense.
1	... but think how many jobs will be created through the additional bureaucracy needed to investigate and maintain the censorship and process all the lawsuits!
0	When YouTube and Facebook and Twitter go down, then the riots start.  I think it's no coincidence they're trying to pass the NDAA bill and SOPA at the same time.
0	This tool will work incredibly well in undermining sopa, methinks.
0	I don't think the Nexus and the iPhone target the same audience..
0	"I would guess that by ""const."", he meant ""constituent"" (and abbreviated it to save on time)."
0	They got the bill they wanted more to pass, the NDAA.  The rest isn't as important, because when it all comes down to it, they can just make you disappear to some torture camp or solitary confinement for as long as they want.
1	Cadillac doesn't compete with Honda because the customer segments are different.
0	My problem with vimeo is the player wont let you skip to what hasn't buffered yet.
1	NAT? Now you're getting all techno-jargon on me! I'm not some kind of *nerd!*
0	PEBKAC
0	We each are giants as well
1	Haha, I can totally see you having the same opinion if reddit's servers happened to be in Uruguay and it was shut down for a day in protest against a Uruguayan law.
0	Sorry do you want these people who are endangering to get no punishment? Fuck that, texting whole driving has been shown to be just as bad if not worse than drunk driving.
0	It's one of those karma magnets that you only get access to after over 6 months of reddiation exposure.
0	At max quality, yes. You have plenty of options to shoot at a lesser quality setting, but seems to me it would defeat the purpose of owning a red. Suppose it's an investment for him, I guess.
1	So Louie CK is a a goddamned communist job killer.  Just think about all the useless fucking middlemen standing in breadlines.
0	If it's voluntarily supplied to LEAs, then the LEAs aren't breaking any laws. Whether or not the sources are is a different matter.
1	Obviously you are just a dirty pirate trying to steal their moneys.
0	Yes!
1	If the data is truly anonymous why would it matter?
1	He's in a better place now.
0	Well fus ro dah.
0	Still don't understand why people use google products
1	Come on guys. This is to protect us! We don't need Ahmed doing anything crazy!
0	What is surprising is that the *International Association of Fire Fighters* support the act. WTF? There are some other weird ones on there too.
0	"Not really, even if we were in some magical land where that worked short term, some ad company would quickly abuse it and cause the few people willing to try to say ""fuck this"" and disable it again."
0	Since apps can access any other apps on Android, it would have been amazing.
0	I for one look forward to a woolly mammoth sweater.
0	"I believe this is a largish ""fuck off"" directed to one E. Holder and his band of smash happy thugs."
0	Patent trolling just turned into all out war.
0	No-one in the entire thread said that.
0	Fake DMCA notifications can result in some pretty big fines.
1	But they make up for it with their excellent reliability and customer service!
0	So wait, if I scan in a price for Skyrim at Best Buy, I get $5 off if I buy it from Amazon?  Up to $15... what, per month?
0	Android already did this...they uninstalled apps from users phone. They were all found to be malicious apps.
0	"Lots of 3D printers for sale on the open market. All they'd have to do is drop enough cash to buy the first 3D printer.. and then ""print"" as many high quality skimmers as they need. Small initial investment = large potential profit (of course,.. also large potential prison time)."
0	Unless you're an analyst providing opinions directly or indirectly to the money market, you're not the target audience.
0	I think they mean fast in relation to the speed/processing power of the parts, not how quickly they can ship it.
0	Warren Buffet still lives in the same house he owned before he got filthy rich.
0	How is this not technology related?
0	Its an effect which will grow and grow until its all pervasive as a security camera on every street corner.
0	Really? I see this as a good thing.
0	There is no font bold enough for the **[Citation Needed]** this post requires.
0	I'm not disputing that, but the doctor didn't kill Jackson as the title asserts. Jackson did it to himself and would have gone through doctors until he found another who'd comply to his demands, had this doctor refused. That doesn't absolve the doc of all responsibility, but I give the majority of the blame to Jackson himself.
0	verizon can block phones. their CDMA network uses serial numbers of the radio to link them to accounts. if you're on verizon and lose your phone you just call customer service and ask to have it placed on the lost and stolen list. this option has been around for years.
1	But America's the GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE HISTORY OF MAN AND/OR ALIEN KIND!
0	"I deleted them only to have them show up within minutes. I tried everything to block them and basically nothing worked until I hit on the solution. I cleared my cache and cookies allowed a handful in from the sites i like such as Reddit and then made the cookie folder on my computer read-only. I get whiny notes from websites sometimes, along the lines of hey you can't leave a message if you don't accept third part cookies. Sorry, if your little article matters that much to me I can use my non-locked down ""facebook browser"" (chrome) for 60 seconds."
0	"Can someone provide a mirror that's not on a site with ""torrent"" in the name? My work's firewall blocks that kind of thing."
1	So, an area like California with high population density has crappy communications infrastructure because Wyoming has low population density?  Makes perfect sense.
0	Fuck having a job then.  They'll just fire you.  Time for a union.
1	Oh, LOOK!! Congress has learned to be bipartisan. Guess this country isn't so fucked after all.
1	Nope, because unions are evil, outdated, job-killing organizations.
0	looks like shit to me. to cluttered and desent make sense
1	That's just proof that removing your shoes along with the molestation and nudie pictures saves lives!
0	Have always been and will forever be straight.  I just didn't feel like putting up with that level of derp in my life.
0	They are the human equivalent to guns and explosive devices.
1	Apparently child labor isn't used for brand name products.
0	I find it difficult to believe this wasn't intentional to appease the religious right.
0	And just last week I was trying to make someone on here understand that the FDA does not have the average Americans best interest in mind. Regulatory agencies have all become corrupt beyond repair. Ron Paul is right, dismantle that shit over time, we need to learn to not depend on the nanny-state to make us safe, we will never change anything in this Country until the people actually wake up and change their behavior.
0	The article says they aren't expected to be deployed until 2025.  We'll have settled things, one way or another, long before then.
0	Assuming this scenario is even possible, can't they just invalidate some links? You can have many links pointing to the same physical data, but only invalidate half of them; you don't need to actually delete the data as long as some people are hosting it legitimately
0	I remember hearing about that. A bunch of CDs from the late '90s and early '00s are like that. Never seen one myself, though. Most of the discs I rip are older or newer than that, or at least by labels who didn't have that bright idea. (Let me guess, it was Sony...?)
0	I disagree. There's nothing inherently wrong with social networking. It's when Facebook is selling your information to other companies that it becomes a problem. You should be able to *know* that what you post is being posted solely to your intended wall and not to some marketing agency. Selling user data should be illegal, plain and simple. We are people, not products.
1	Just so we're clear, this is the same theft that some comments in r/technology said wouldn't affect any current version of Symantec and wasn't any cause for alarm, correct?
0	Actually, the media companies have done a pretty good job of making it so that their is no real solution to the problem and so the ridiculous effort needed to juggle all the separate sources (which still sometimes don't have things) makes it not worth it. See, if literally everything was on, say, Netflix and Spotify, but we were also provided an option to permanently buy with either no DRM or well done DRM (sort of like Steam for movies and music) through maybe Amazon and iTunes, then that would be an acceptable solution.
1	Sorry, people who actually are losing money from piracy are biased. People who make money and/or get free stuff from piracy, of course, are completely unbiased.
0	Just curious, have you ever tried some of the stuff that actually is following your proposed model? IE, where the artist actually is offering it for free and asking for donations? Just curious.
0	OSX if you want to buy a new computer. Linux if you want to get really technical and have to use emulators. Windows is the only gaming platform. Depending on when they drop W7 support and how W9 shapes up, in a decade there may not be any alternatives.
0	I'd say burn down a storage unit because some stolen good were in 1 or 2 containers.
1	Breaking News! FBI shuts down Morgan Stanley and other big investment banks after fraud found!
0	Hell yea.
0	now the question is if they will do anything about it now that they have funded the SOPA path
0	Anyone else think it's ridiculous that Symantec lost this kind of stuff to a hacker group?
0	opt out buy opting not to use google.
0	Ohh Wil, I know we dislike each other , But I do agree with you!  say hello to Amy for me, and long-live Crescenta Valley!
0	Define force.
0	How about making bribery (lobbying with money) illegal and punishable with serious jail time in a normal jail for both parties.
0	You've misspelled Microsoft.
0	I reserve my venom for practicing pedophiles. You can't fault someone for the way they are wired.
0	I was having this discussion with my mother the other day. When she grew up there were plenty of shops downtown that they went to including corner markets. I remember there being one near my grandparents when i was in pre-school, but by the time I started 1st grade it was gone. Walmart moved into town shortly after and killed everything. I should mention that the area that Walmart moved into is rather low income, and those people obviously can't go to smaller stores that charger higher prices. At this point Traveling four to give times further to spend more money with small store is just not practical.
0	Nps, couldn't sleep anyway.
0	I read this in Galactus' voice.
1	No, No. Please don't stop the Megaupload-inspired circlejerk.
0	Ouch. Not your lucky week :(
1	Blu-ray on mobile phones. That'll fix everything.
0	dude wtf
0	with a serious shit stain.
0	so no, you don't have a better idea.
0	We only need to expose the private internet lives of some chosen representatives to ensure the internet goes opaque to the requirements of the state.
0	We need to kill everyone over 40.
0	"FTA - ""The people who run it are so mean...""  Really?  Sounds like a quote from a 12 year old girl."
0	Don't eat at Chick-Fil-A. It's the only way. I don't understand how giving them money to give to anti-American efforts helps anything.
0	No; they were unquestionably evil.
0	Kudos, MS
0	Give me a good reason that the government should have anything to do with marriage.
1	Gates is a moron, everyone know government stops discrimination!
0	In response to criminal activity by Megaupload.
0	ITT we take an event and blow it up to cosmic proportions.
0	Hahahaha your last paragraph is so precious... And illustrates a nearly complete ignorance of history. Bravo.
0	Yup. But it (hopefully) serves to prevent such behavior in the future. I'm sure it's a huge black eye to the government employees involved. Hopefully career ending.
0	Democracy died with thunderous applause.
0	They complied with the DCMA in order to gain safe harbor protections, unfortunately they tangled with Universal. As far as any information you've linked to on the FBI website is tainted as the FBI is known to fabricate information/evidence and lie.
1	There's the Hope I was looking for.
0	Maddox is relevant still?  Who knew :S
0	Off topic, how on earth do you remember your user name? o_o
0	That's... not how security works
0	In the end, the votes are all that matters to senators.  Hit them where it hurts.
0	now that's the only thin thing i care about.  thin things just feel too fragile.
0	Volume 0.001.
0	Hasn't SOPA already been tabled?
0	I'm not sure which is more revolting, that you drive a Prius or that you would use an Apple bumper sticker.  Nice joke though.
0	Where the hell were you when Steve Jobs died? Children of Reddit: WE'VE DISCUSSED THIS. DO SOME RESEARCH
0	"I have these widgets on my 50"" samsung TV already. Why would I also want them on my windows?"
1	Bulldog or poodle, you decide.
0	Didn't even know they were still around.
0	"""Do or do not.  There is no threaten."""
0	Still, how depressing is it that real political debate these days boils down to whether a politician is corrupt or stupid? Either way, we're screwed.
0	future technology
0	Students in literature/essay classes worldwide will have an anti-spike in their performance if this happens.
1	And she owes it all to society and luck. Her own choices and effort are only a small portion of what made her success possible.
0	They're attractive.
0	Someone so painfully embarrassed to find themselves the center of attention they froze. Not to say he wasn't a dick for not putting his phone on vibrate.
0	Franken supported the Iraq invasion? He wasn't even in Congress back then?
0	I hope they read this: ***FUCK YOU***
0	Because they choose what's legal or not... :/
1	Of course, there's no precedent in the last ten years for new powers being abused far beyond the remit for which they were created. None at all
0	you gotta use more big words
0	What are you 14? 100k is what each of the developers make, minimum. This guy runs the entire bloody company. The bonus was offered because he has proven himself to be of value to the company and they don't want other organizations such as Google or Microsoft poaching him. Losing Tim Cook and the experience he brings to the table is worth more than $380 million to Apple, but is stealing him worth that much to the competition? That is what the bonus is for.
0	Well, clearly there's another solution if they are protesting with mass suicide. I fail to see how murder is justifiable in any case (IMO). If you support a culture of honor or vigilantism, then I can understand your viewpoint.
1	More likely to train copyright violators. I sure hope the next SOPA bill includes resolutions for prosecuting people for contributing to juvenile delinquency by providing laptops to people like this.
0	"iTunes is really killing the music industry a million times more than piracy is. Since you can just buy the one song you want, you don't end up giving the record industry 15x the money for the fluff songs you don't want. That's where their real ""losses"" are coming from."
0	..and so it begins.
0	They didn't launch them. And that isn't remotely sufficient to run anything resembling the internet.
0	"That, too. The point I'm trying to get across is that politicians take ""you can't tap phones except in these situations"" as ""we have a right to wiretap, and you have to provide the means for us to do so."""
0	"You're pretty fast in claiming ""The retard of the Year 2012"" Award."
0	Right now SOPA is a great starting point, in the future you could simply have the query return a list of known/current political stances and show that to the user.  Or have it compare to a preselected list of stances the user has already set and show with a bar code conflicts with that.
0	The government does not work *for* rich people, they work *with* rich people.  It's two sides of the same power coin.
1	Digg.
0	It came out in 2001.
0	Nothing shows how great humanity is beyond the magic that is Nyan Cat.
1	Yea because Al Gore and his wife never tried to censor anything.
0	Goddamn, thank you.  I don't see how these assholes can downplay this shit.  This isn't just another republican fuckup, this is the beginning of something pretty terrible for America, and possibly the rest of the world.
0	Optical? It ain't retro if it's optical. Unless you need a special gridded mouse pad to run it on.
1	We don't do that! We're America. We're the good guys, right?
0	That is not an appropriate response.
1	that cant be true, he wrote it, it has to be the only way to do it.
0	That's kind of the point.
0	In addition to the other suggestions here, file a complaint with the BBB. When I had to fight Comcast, an ordeal that had been ongoing for 2 months got fixed in 2 days.
0	Shake that.
0	No, no this isn't ready for the market.
0	Then why do many major (Canadian) banks MAX your password length at 8 characters?
1	got it, after playing a second time using $900 speaker cables
1	Because clearly the entire fund raising budget is all spent on 1 guy who throws together a bunch of banners in an afternoon.
0	The EB doesn't change its entries every two seconds.
0	Watch your language!
1	It isn't election fraud if it can't be fixed by Voter ID !
0	I'm sure there are enough dictatorships left in the world where you can get by just fine as long as you have bribe money and enough charm to win over a few officials.
0	I wish more people knew about this. Edison kind of pushed Tesla into insanity and it is a damn shame. Tesla was working on things all the way back then that we still don't fully understand today. If he had documented his work better we would likely be years ahead of where we are today.
0	Give them a few days to work through the issues that came up
0	This thread is in pro-piracy mode, so my suggestion that buying physical media results in higher quality films will naturally be downvoted. :p
0	I *do* know what happens when you put giraffes in the air, though.
0	They need to do it in a more productive (or rather less destructive) way so they don't look like a bunch of stupid kids who don't know how to put together an organized agenda with actual demands.
1	Don't worry, they're closing it soon.
0	Recently did this for Twitter too. It's permissions have gone a bit overboard.
0	A defacto monopolist imposing its morality on the world. This should be  a matter for anti-trust legislation and action. Also since money is speech according to Citizens United isn't Paypal abridging the 1st amendment rights of its customers ?
1	Uses opera? Neckbeards don't have any money fuck that.
0	I just bought a brand new Samsung Note the other week and since I've been using it a ton I noticed that the connection has become a snails pace over the weekend. Fuck you AT&amp;T. I just signed on for another two years, bought a $300/700 phone and this is what you do?
0	Maybe he wanted to actually get some of his money back, instead of further enriching lawyers?
1	Well they tried to do something about it, it was called SOPA.
0	Take me to jail, officer.  I'll see you in galactic court.
0	Waiting for someone to try and copyright existence itself.
1	Yes. Just the same.
0	I'm curious after reading that. Don't you have consumer protections in the US? Here in Europe the company would have entered into a binding contract when the rep sold you the plan for $14.95, and they would've had to sell it to you at that price. The same happens when a company misquotes the price of an item in an ad - they're forced to sell it at that price or face legal repercussions.
1	You're right, not reading a contract before signing it is *totally* a valid legal defense.
0	"Aw. I remember when we used to say ""IBM compatible."""
0	Why not just do water injection. It cools the intake charge and increases compression.
0	Some popular ones are in the Democratic Republic of Congo and  Montenegro.
0	I'm gonna stream Pandora for the next 20 days in celebration! I'm not even gonna plug speakers in either!
0	Oh yeah, absolutely. My main reason for being against giving the police extra funding or powers is how fucking stupid criminals are. They're not hunting megavillains here.
0	Because he's the head of a massive bureaucracy whose actions are often autonomous or over which he has little to no control, but has to accept it either way.
1	Don't these workers know this is the magical free market at work?  If they don't want to be poisoned by their employer who was nice enough to give them a job, they should just quit and let their children starve.  Big government has no business imposing these red-tape regulations on corporations, that's tantamount to SOCIALSIM!!  Next thing you know, these workers will want to deny their boss his freedom to expect sexual favors from those he gave jobs to!
0	Then we would have YouTube. Oh, we have YouTube, but YouTube has no mainstream content.
0	this is going to blow your mind: if you own a game that steam offers, you can just enter the serial number and it will register, download, and install with steam... you don't actually have to rebuy anything.
0	As the owner of an iPhone, (although secondhand), I feel great shame over this. What can I do, as a consumer, to help them/help pressure Apple to be less shitty about this?
0	Shiiit, tag me too, while you're at it.
0	Not a problem if I already search cats on google as well.
0	He's an idiot.  The attack is totally feasible.  I work in network security and the premise is perfectly sound.  The only problem is that now that they published this the DNS server admins can take precautions and just drop packets from the servers sending the reflection.  If this had been orchestrated in secret it probably could have succeeded.
0	"While the ad was amusing, this approach of ""Don't go with them because they're worse than us!"" mindset is stupid. Microsoft gets zero points. Why not focus on why you *should* go with Microsoft, rather than why you *shouldn't* go with Google"
1	No, reopening the site will wreak havoc! They can't risk it. We can't let the victims suffer anymore than they already have.
0	WHAT ABOUT REDDIT HUH
1	Ohh thats heaps better
0	I was going to mention that, but Iphones can be fairly cheap with a 2 year contact.
0	Stop confusing the Department of Commerce and the Chamber of Commerce.  The Chamber of Commerce is a lobbying group, not part of the USG.
0	Models like Bandcamp are a godsend. DRM-Free, losseless tracks, the price of which is set by the artists themselves? Can't get enough of that shit.
0	Actually it would still matter. It costs money to build power plants, no matter what type. If you waste energy doing electrolysis then you have to build more plants.
0	Yes.
1	Yes indeed. Creative people never work for the joy of work, they are all bean counters who only produce that which they know will sell.
0	Are you going to give reasons? Citations? Anything? I've laid out my argument, with support from US law, and you've responded with 'no I'm right'. Tell my why you're so damn sure of yourself.
0	i recognize that privacy advocates are considered kooky liberals in certain circles.  we should promote to those certain circles the idea that consumers' data, which is collectively worth a *lot* of money, is effectively being secretly taken from them by marketing companies without compensation.
0	This just gives the proponents more fuel.
0	Glad there is no dispute in this. I am going back to starbucks to work on my book.
0	The freedom for people of minority races to conduct their business. I personally think this is *far* more important than the freedom for people to be racist.
0	The big question is, did he attempt to notify them of the security flaw before he found out he was being investigated? If he did... then this is absurd. If not, then it's not white hat hacking and it very well could have been malicious.
0	I want to know where he finds scrap that has working solar panels in it!
0	"I don't know who uses it that's why I am skeptical of this report. I also was intrigued initially but the ""can't find, try google"" result page turned me off and there is very little reason to leave google for important searches and little benefit for using DDG. Either way, to each his own and good luck."
0	You can bring liquids on a plane. You just have to buy them after the screeners. I call them Freedom Cokes and Freedom Water.
0	i agree, i'm tired of wars
0	That seems like a good option in the face of arbitrary rate-limiting, then.
0	Which is exactly why they want to cut straight through all the hoops, and slap us around with shit like SOPA. Lazy bastards!
0	Maybe because I understand the context, but the article reads fine to me.
0	I can neither confirm nor deny this article.
0	So these new LEDs would burn for only 10,000 hours? Heck, an incandescent bulb in my garage door opener only lasts 2 weeks.
1	No need for that the US already has the Hague Invasion Act on the books, slight rewording and all is well in your new Abu Hague.
0	I hope the subtitles work better.
0	And the Houston estate will see probably nothing of this little windfall profit.
0	Speaking of which: how often do Indian doctors and nurses break into dance numbers? Cause that doesn't happen too often in the West, unfortunately.
0	Yes. Indeed, when you think about it, getting other programs to read from the copy/paste buffer is the purpose in life of the copy/paste buffer.
0	Good.
0	It's not CP unless the law says it is.
1	Aren't you a clever one. Excellently put!
0	That is your vote, however this is not a Democracy.  I know my vote doesn't matter either.  The Reddit devs will do as they please.  I imagine they take the general community feelings into account as well as a hefty dose of legal advice from Conde Nast.
0	violentacrez is a creepy fucker
1	ROFL, of course it is only the evil Chinese spying on people.
0	Everyone, I'm a little late to say this, but a far better version of this already exists. Space engine. Google it. It allows you to explore the whole universe, even black holes and the surfaces of made up planets in other galaxies. It kicks the shit out of this game, however nice it looks.
1	That's because it's done automatically!
0	As it should be.
0	I got sick of backing up my DVD's with burnt copies. The issue with trying to stay ahead of the protection crap made me pirate years ago. I was one of the people out there who actually pirated stuff they owned. To be completely honest though, as of lately, I don't watch TV or movies anymore. Not because i'm too cool or anything, just something changed where my form of entertainment has pretty much nothing to do with my living room anymore.
0	As long as we don't have people torrenting stuff over Tor. You don't want to be that guy.
1	... cause **Anonymous** duh
0	Try Mediafire
0	...malware is downloaded as part of an otherwise legitimate-seeming app on an unofficial Android market
0	Don't. The current Unity interface is just as bad as Metro. Try something else, like Kubuntu (for Ubuntu familiarity but no Unity) or Arch Linux (for customizability).
0	I thoroughly agree.
0	It all still goes through the ISPs and phone or cable. Your vulnerability will still be that the NSA can spy on all communications and you never know who is at the other end of the peer-to-peer connection.
0	Most ISPs block broadcasts.
0	can'tverikickmesign
0	It's the same issue regarding drugs. Agencies are given extra funding dollars to stop drug offenses, which is why in the US drug arrests have skyrocketed since the 80s. It's not that people are consuming more, but the more the drug arrests that are made the more funding they receive. Now they are receiving extra funding for piracy. I don't blame the police I blame the system that makes them do this just so they can fund their departments.
0	No apple lost way before iTunes - they lost because music creation software was available for Macs and this stupid point was a violation - the original Apple Records case was bloody stupid. You're talking about the second one.
0	alt+f4 until they get a power off dialogue.
0	Good call :)
1	Yup, its called Terrorism, except the gov is doing it so its okay.
0	Remember Suprnova before?
0	right, got that part.  what's next?
0	A good, central download service, like steam, is what he said.
1	Yes, blame all of Switzerland you ignorant American scum. Ironic
0	That's pretty rude fripletister.
1	21st century imperialism. Fuck yeah!
0	Right, the effect comes from the fragments metal that spew out from the explosion. My point was that you need that for effect, rather than just a small piece of flying plastic that explodes in the air.
0	On it like a bonnet.
0	Hipsters.
1	WHAT?????? APPLE PRODUCTS HAVE NO BACKDOOR LOGINS, CAN'T GET VIRUSES, AND CAN'T BREAK. STEVE JOBS WOULD NEVER LIE TO US.
0	What bothers me is that we already have laws for these things.  Why do we need separate laws for online vs real life?  Trespassing is trespassing whether it's in my yard or in my PC.
0	Socialism ho!
0	No. The ads are in different parts of their business, namely search and YouTube. I've never seen an ad on Google maps.
0	*penii*
0	no body gets away stealing from rich people, no body.
0	"The difference is radio can be legal, piracy is not. If ""Piracy"" was legal, would anyone ever pay for entertainment media?"
0	Basically what the SOPA bill was about. They just wanted to make it easier then it is now.
1	Yes Reddit, continue to downvote this man because he doesn't buy into FUD and hyperbole that you happen to agree with!
1	Awwww, you got scared into submission and now the terrorists have won... Yeah, everybody coming to the US is a bad bad person trying to kill you all!!
0	You're technically right, but I think he was referring to the Tower Records sort of stores, not Championship Vinyl.
0	Even better, send your car out for an oil change after it drops you off at work, then call it to come pick you up after work.
1	Works fine over here too, people just need to use the normal version of google instead of the tablet/mobile optimized site. But you wouldn't know anything about that would you :P
0	WebGL, actually. But canvas is a good thing too!
0	yea cant comment on the Fire i don't think they are available in Canada, but for what he wants i dont see a need for him to upgrade, i dont even see a need for him to get a Fire.
0	Unfortunately, your average consumer does not.
0	Also the Wind River Mountain range In Wyoming.
0	Indeed.  The people who collect them specialize in collecting them.  The people who use them specialize in using them.
1	is your monster(c) dick overpriced and under-performing?
0	Microcenter FTW! The employees are uber-nerds, the prices and selection are great, the wait times are minimal and goddamnit if they don't have great sales.
0	Win.
0	yay!! Just one more reason for the youth of today to hate the current governmental system. Not much longer till the revolution ;)
0	It's clear guys, we have to nuke the internet to win the war with these pesky hackers.
0	seriously the internet... come on guys I have work to do &amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
0	We need someone with a billion $ to pull this kind of stunt off properly. Build an island, hire an army, build powerplant, infrastructure, food supplies, trade with neighboring countries, etc etc.
0	You know... I don't think it's sane to assume so many people are responsible about sex.
0	How do you know?  Should I be playing MMORPGs or not?
0	Them basterds better not be seedin' them chemtrails agin. Dun kilt mah dog once, tha' basterds. No fluoride! No fluoride!
0	Doctors without boarders.
0	Can you turn the camera on with a GNex from a turned off screen? On my old Samsung Focus I'm hitting the share photo button around 3 seconds from the screen being completely off, I can't imagine a phone uploading a photo before it's even taken on mine.
1	We all know that Gates is in no way a philanthropist.
0	Oh don't get me wrong, they were douchebags, I'm just saying that I'm pretty sure if Ben made the whole thing up it would have been pretty easy to disprove.
0	Lighting PR Forest Fires.
1	He is an Indian. Indians generally don't like confrontation. It's a yoga thing.
1	Well obviously, you get your lawyer to read it before clicking **OK**.
0	"""Microsoft: We do what we must, because we can."""
0	Mumbai ?
0	Sadly it'll never happen. Most of the people reading this thread are thinking about data usage on their phones or tablets. What they don't realize is that there are people out there like me who use 3G as their only source of internet for their house. I had an unlimited data plan with Alltel before Verizon took over, yet they are capping and throttling the shit out of me when they shouldn't be. I'm a top 5% user in my region for using 10-15GB of data per month which I hope we can all agree isn't that much bandwidth. I don't torrent or stream netflix or anything like that but I am in the same group as those who do? That's not fucking right! If I have a big game update I usually wait until after 12:00am to start downloading it so who's internet am I impeding at that hour? It's not like I use a GB a day or anything. It's regular internet usage for 2012. A lot of these carriers seem to think all people do is check email and view text based only web pages.
0	Wouldn't the Mexican Hat Dance be a little more thematically appropriate?
0	It asks when there are no files in downloads? Like just randomly?
0	Well, thanks for setting me straight.
0	Someone had mentioned putting an Automator watchdog on the downloads folder and having that ask me where I wanted to save the file. I have to be honest, I don't understand Automator at all. Is something like that even possible? And if it is, how would I go about doing it?
0	Sexualityism!
0	I find the hate sites amusing.  When I was in college sometimes I'd listen to wacko short wave radio stations where the host made Rush look like a left wing wacko.  It was really interesting how they could twist logic.
0	I guess they shouldn't be running Windows then.
0	Note to self: find this later
0	There are no user serviceable parts in any tablet or phone (other then MAYBE the battery). They are too small to allow easy removal of parts.
0	As an independent DIY musician I would just like to say: STFU. There are far more ways for independent musicians to make money and get their name out there than ever before.
0	Sound like the internet needs to be decentralized ASAP. At least thats the way I understand it, anyone with more technical knowledge fancy helping fight my own ignorance?
1	Look at all that new technology they are creating by investing in the industry instead of pissing money out the window on lawyers and wasting the courts precious time that is better spent handling murders and rapists
1	Oh come on! What's wrong with using single factor authentication for 300 accounts?
0	Why would they want to do that?
0	Finally something that deserves r/wtf. Thanks.
0	...Ask Me Almost Nothing.
0	Idiots? They know what they are doing, and they are excellent at it.
1	For a company that's been run so flawlessly over the past year it's hard to believe Netflix would make a mistake which alienates its users.
0	One man's illegal is another man's dream.
0	That doesn't help the format of the title.
1	Because streaming that audio doesn't drain your battery. It's the ads.
0	Alternatively, put the phone in airplane mode. Same results, better battery life, and you don't have to be on the toilet.
0	Use this DNS ip: 8.8.8.8 (it's google), then it will be blocked no more
0	Autofellatio.
0	I was surprised too. But I guess the alternative silence would have been an admission of guilt. I wonder if apples famed legal team will pounce now.
0	"Android is already free and versatile.  I agree with this, there is no point to it.  for the sake of innovation, sure a point can be made on that level, but aside from that, what is currently available as far as ""free"" alternatives to paid OS's (mobile or otherwise) work very well."
0	"I think you are falsely under the impression that everyone buying the iPad3 currently has an iPad2. I'm upgrading from an iPad1, and in the process selling my sister the original. Neither are going to waste and both will last another 2 years at least. My GF is buying her first iPad, nothing is being recycled in that process either. She still has her desktop for heavy lifting, but now has the iPad for travel. You seem stuck on this ""small upgrade"" thing but are ignoring the fact that few are actually upgrading from last years model. Why would they, short of people who read for hours on the thing (a legitimate reason to upgrade) the iPad2 is still an amazing and capable machine. Also since it uses the same processor as the three it should last as long as the three does it terms of lifetime of the product."
0	Why would you want to rescue it? That is not a situation that you want to rescue. That is a situation where you get to revel in the shit storm that is caused by the telephony group, which is not IT, and therefore, in no way is your responsibility.
1	No, I'm a samsung and nintendo fanboy and downvoted it because Foxconn is a supplier for them too. I think I'm also being joined by HP fanboys because none of us wants the truth to get out, we want these products to keep coming out.
0	That's why VPN providers will explode in jurisdictions that don't give a crap. Kind of like how companies that don't want to pay as much tax incorporate in little island nations.
0	Finland.
0	"lol fucking being ""always on."" i work 8-5 (with lunch) Mon-Fri unless my boss makes prior arrangements with me or its an emergency like covering someone elses shift."
1	"Of course, IT is a huge cost to any substantial tax paying corporation.  What better way to ""improve"" the economy than to mandate low costs for this important labor pool by edict of the federal government. Your welcome, large donor who fund my campaigns."
0	No you don't understand, the Linux kernel patches the hardware so it can't execute malware instructions.
1	its from Russia... how can we not trust it?!
0	You're right.  Correction: selling software without hardware and without extensive DRM is a failed business model.
0	Taints!
0	Don't work in heavy traffic.
0	Reputable and IBM in the same sentence, thanks for the laugh.
1	...because everyone knows that making something illegal makes it impossible.
0	Only after going to the ATM machine and entering your PIN number.
0	It does.
0	Probably over half of the shit in your house right now is made in third world countries. But apple does it?! It's horrible
0	You can?
0	and each success generates far more revenue than the failures cost. That's how R&amp;D works.
0	Come on now, what do you really program?
0	The TOR bundle currently comes with Aurora already bundled with noscript and HTTPS Everywhere. Also, how anonymous am I if I use TOR's hidden services?
0	That's pretty funny given that they don't even have voice recognition in English working yet.
1	Speculators only ever drive prices up. EVER.  I learned this on reddit.
0	MAN UP AND DEAL WITH IT
0	There is a great deal of materials science research that needs to happen in order to build an efficient containment vessel.  The salts involved are very very corrosive, and we don't have anything today that would last long enough before it had to be replaced to be economical.
0	I had a Rio, I'm fucking glad Apple came out with the iPod. That think sucked ass.
0	Who is getting the Libyan oil that did not get it before? Libya the country owned it then and sold is and Libya the country owns it now and sells it. I don't know what you think happened. And Iraq sold oil then and now and the U.S. does not own that oil. So what is your point?
0	Well I guess it's sort of the job of other companies like Microsoft to only show it off when you can buy it and release it before Microsoft. Microsoft does great demo, but that's all they ever seem to do. Apple's good at getting it done!
1	Yeah, I'd rather kill the pedestrian, than get a dent in my car!
0	I've heard different in recent times, but I guess I will take your word for it since I am not searching anything along those lines while at work.
0	It's out yeah, but it's hardly a complete game. If anything just look at the state of it's animations.
0	Nice find!
0	I dropped Netflix over 2 years ago, and at one point they were offering a new reduced rate service, but since I was a customer at one time I was not allowed to get it;  I will never go back to them for that bullshit, but I am glad to hear I am not missing anything
0	.com is a US TLD owned by the department of commerce and maintained by Verisign, a US-based company. Where the domain was registered is irrelevant. The US government took away a US-owned top-level domain from a Canadian company for breaking US law. That domain, by the way, has not been in use by the company for over a year, and they have several domains with TLDs from other countries which have allowed them to conduct business as usual, so no, it is not a big deal.
0	"Fair enough.  I'm an Android dev and see all these bloggers whipping up fragmentation fear.  Its really bazaar reading this stuff and thinking ""WTF are all these other people doing that they have all these issues?!"""
0	YEARS
0	Right.  You want that which is financially impossible.
0	The column is a good example of why we need real journalists. It's not even a column, it's the foundation of a column. It identifies a problem and says nothing about solutions or the implications for the future.
0	I've been a chan mod for 5 years and an admin of two smaller chans.  I've seen people dox'd and irl humiliated... personal ip's DOS'd for days over stupid bullshit.  A flamewar here is a slapfight by that context.  When people say stupid shit I call them on it out of habit, but generally people here are reasonable (in a relative sense).
0	Not sure if I want to punch or hug you. Tell me where you live so I can bring you a pizza and figure out.
1	Don't you know? iPads invented tablets.
1	Well, I guess this is a non-issue then.
0	If he was so powerful at his beginning, he surely wouldn't have had to wait to be officially appointed chancellor. Fact is, he had no choice. Was there already Nazi oppression going on? Of course. Did he have the means to counter a large scale uprising? Not a chance.
0	Dare to stay off drugs.
1	Plans start at $60/month for 10GB of data. That's enough to stream 5 Netflix videos!
0	Could Verisign not get round this by relocating to another country? What would happen then?
0	It amazes me that people are interpreting that as tactile touch rather than touch-screen touch. The stupidity is mindboggling.
0	A lot of Americans who are on Verizon and AT&amp;T like to bitch about restrictions and pricing. T-mobile has $100/month for two people unlimited talk, data, and messaging which is a pretty damn good deal when you consider the size of the US. That plan on AT&amp;T is like $200/month.
0	I was gonna say that too.  Except I don't have any 10 yr old nephews, I'm not allowed.  It seems I reached my quota at Best Buy, back in the middle of the 90's somewhere.
0	Or just plug your TV into your computer via HDMI, that's what I do.
0	And when do they start arming the drones?
0	make sure to record it, i miss robot wars, but air drone wars could be fun!
0	"Very good post. In general, claims of ""anonymity"" confuse that with deniability."
1	I'm confident it works brilliantly and gets rid of all the virii and rootkits no problems.
0	I'm in the same boat buddy.
0	Anything can be built with enough money.
0	It's time to get into the deep discussion subreddits
0	That's great, but it's still a buzzword that has no definition for 90% of the people who encounter it. You and I know what it means, but you and I also know that it's nothing more than a way of using the internet. So, it's the internet.
0	"It's also what ""broke"" their business model. They just don't want to fix their business model."
1	But hacking and terrorism are why we have a bad economy.
0	I was referring to the similar extradition process for copyright infringement.
1	"It's called ""antitrust"" legislation so that must mean that's what it's about.  And if you are against such laws, it must mean that you are in favor of trusts."
0	"There is special ""training"" and counselling for people who have to do this job. It's not like you apply to the police as ""Child porn investigator - must have van"". You go through a police career and do training to become a specialized investigator and at some point decide to do this kind of thing. I pretty much would compare them to firefighters that have to collect the pieces of someone who has committed suicide or a policeman inspecting a crime scene."
0	Dude's a scumbag.  Seriously.  Look him up on Wikipedia, it's not just the MegaUpload stuff.
0	Surely there's a way (or will someday be), with lasers or something, to get imprinted with a new set of fingerprints.
0	Yes, because DSL modems are login based, not MAC based like cable.
0	So why only those ISPs? What about the others, like BT?
0	Monster-proofing is expensive.
0	If you aren't even going to read the rest of my sentence we're done here.
1	No way! I would have thought an entirely different country would use the constitution of another! Wow Canada is really being a rebel creating their own rules to govern themselves by!
0	"Loophole is just a buzzword. It's as bad as ""Think of the Children!"""
0	I just want the next Xbox to have a normal sized hard drivethats not overpriced. They are not breakthrough technology anymore.
0	It's standard practice that up until the ruling was a questionably legal. Hence it being brought to courts, and hence the supreme court making a decision on its legality.
1	Fuck it! I'm making my own internet and they're not invited. Where did the darknet subreddit.
0	Hey, can you keep it down? I'm trying to watch Jersey Shore here. Fuck!
0	I figured that when they deliberatly broke youtube on opera
1	House of republicans passing a bill that is supported by mega corporations? Color me shocked!
1	That's going to really cramp my XBox live play - I can't call 14 year olds faggots any longer?
0	That's the only part that hurts? You got it easy.
0	Whoa, flashback.
0	Except that analogous experiments have proven the cat would be both dead and alive if it were possible entangle a cat with some quantum state. The probability is that once the quantum state loses coherence (through observation or otherwise) it will be observed in one state or the other.
1	Someone like something other then what you like?! Quick, mock them for it!
0	You can even use a thumbdrive and save that CDR
0	Personally, I'm very happy about the LTS part.
1	Yes, just like gaming company porting a xbox 360 game to PC signals low confidence for xbox360.
1	Oh Obama is gonna veto it? Sweet now we don't have to worry about protesting
0	In all fairness, what these days does not constitute grounds to rag on America?
0	Kinex.
0	That might be because the power infrastructure in Brazil sucks and they're used to not having it.
0	Voted for AUMF... Yeah, he's consistant.
0	It's not compulsive or habitual, but very purposeful.
1	Nope, he's zionist scum too.
0	That's nice. Too bad he'll just sign it anyway like he does with everything else he supposedly opposes.
0	"Is that your best argument? ""Shit isn't free, but it would be okay if people weren't thinking about money all the time."" Someone's gotta pay salaries in a way or another."
1	"""almost exactly the same"". Now that is some skillful journalism."
0	If this will allow them to get more content on instant, I'm completely fine with it. I got rid of my dvds a few months ago because I found myself letting them sit around while I was streaming other shows.
1	Yes, because both parties are exactly the same.
1	There is no way the government would use CISPA against those speaking up and protesting the current government insanity
0	Nothing pisses me off more than when someone tells me to be jealous over something I wouldn't possibly be jealous about.
0	Is your chain located anywhere near DC? If so, I am looking for work. I have an engineering degree if that helps.
0	Verily I say unto you, doth copy that floppy for it is pleasing to the Lord.
0	That's sad, because Google employees are paid so, so low.
0	I'm torn between my dislike for both parties.
0	Which simply insures that every lawbreaker/terrorist uses it 100% of the time that the message is important.
0	"But Google doesn't say the ""Buy this phone with Linux!"" are you suggesting that Microsoft should say ""Buy this phone with CE7!"""
0	They do get the memo, some are stubborn as hell.
0	seriously! WTF, Reddit.
0	terrible? we'll just make a GUI interface using visual basic to track... oh fuck it, i can't even finish it.
1	What about the children?!
0	Not the ones with the pop culture references or jokes in them though.
1	Thats not a reason to pirate hbo at all.
0	I thought it was The Onion for a second.
1	Right, you're gonna do just that... right!
0	Holy shit you're not kidding.
0	I'm gonna stockpiles me some di-hydrogen oxide and laser bullets on my compound.
0	You're dog meat, pal!
0	"When they started with all the math stuff I was like ""This has nothing to do with the magnetism affect on humans* or keeping the brain busy like all those Tetris studies, wtf?"""
0	Telus is only good after you tough out a contract so you can get a retention plan.  Even then roger's is probably better.
0	It doesn't matter, though. Java shouldn't have as much access to the system as the OS is allowing it. If Java can break through it, something else can eventually, too. The vulnerability doesn't exist on Windows/Linux as far as we know.
0	Wait, was this furniture supposed to be easy?
0	I chuckled when I saw the set up. It's just one big furniture with all the parts inserted into it, and some of them are wireless, and those wires are hidden by all the bulky furniture's wood. This is likely for Ikea buffs and neat freaks. I can't imagine wanting a system like this, I am still chuckling. It would be so much better if they released it on April Fool.
1	maybe with the pack of screws and wooden plugs they give you a bunch of 90 degree hdmi and usb connectors?
0	some stuff they make is very high quality. most of it is not.
0	Yes, because Google+, Google Wave, Google Latitude, and Google Voice have *totally* caught on. This is surely to take out dropbox.
0	They ask for a facebook account and a SSN... and you're more worried about the facebook account?
0	Im pretty sure this is on the far side of the valley, but it's easier to get there with a non-animated image.
0	I think they successfully crossed the valley to the next peek in that movie.
1	You didn't hear?  Tax dollars are *other people's* money.
0	Go play mercenaries 2. 5 years ago, every single thing on the map was destructible, and it had a fucking huge map. A lot of just cause 2 was directly ripped from that game. Trees behave exactly how you said.
0	Someone needs to do a version of this video with Asimo's thoughts subtitled. The way he looks at the girls when they all start speaking. It's fucking hilarious.
0	Ha ha!!
0	Sorensen is not a nuclear scientist, or even a scientist - he's an engineer with experience designing launch vehicles.
0	Hahahaha, go fuck yourself, government!
0	I dunno how she could have done it from the kitchen anyway.  Unless he provided her internet access while she makes sandwiches. noob mistake.
0	Steal their organs? Or did you mean something new?
1	If you grow hemp you hate America.
1	As part of this plan Anon plans to rent a rocket and place a satellite in low earth orbit that will send and receive wifi signals from users inside China. Their call center awaits your donations.
0	Anyone find it odd to see an article that lambastes the Internet is now published on the Internet.
0	wow, am I the ONLY person that almost never buys any licensed merchandise?
0	Sorry, Faux News
0	No mention of the servers not being on US territory.
1	You're right, SOPA PIPA CISPA would have no effect on technology at all.
0	They aren't getting paid to pay attention to what We The People want.
0	AOL was the largest ISP in the country at one point, so they had the most modems in the pool and most phone numbers, so getting a connection was more reliable. Granted, this was after Compuserve &amp; Prodigy were mostly out of the picture and the only alternatives were local dialup ISPs or something like Earthlink.
0	fuck
0	After Zygna bought Draw Something and then it imploded, I'm guess Instagram will suffer a similar fate as I am getting an allergic reaction to anything Facebook.
1	You don't understand: It's reddit's job to determine people's views on aesthetics.
0	can't say no to that
0	I smell a tech bubble.
1	Good! Now maybe they'll get rid of that horrible Android app, and make it iPhone only, LIKE IT SHOULD BE!
0	its a bit weird for a libertarian to like this bill... out of the four security bills up for debate, this one places the most faith in the government not fucking us over. I thought it was a standard assumption the government is incompetent.
0	Those are the stupidest looking things I have ever seen.
0	If Amazon gets on wii/360 streaming, I'll cancel my nexflix the same day.
0	But who uses half of these things anymore (minus phones) when Facebook has it all wrapped in a nice little bubble.  Sure, collect a large list of Emails, but people are less likely to reply to that, when they have Facebook.
1	What a disgusting secular display. This lack of good christian values is whats destroying America!
0	Every unknown wireless network is to be treated with suspicion (actually, even the known ones).  When on the road I *always* tunnel in some form, most often with a SSH SOCKS5 proxy.
1	Not yet. We're working on that.
0	it's spam :)
0	I know right? There's enough shit going on already.
1	Clearly that's the only reason tablets are popular!
0	He probably has oil on his ranch, so doesn't need the grid.
1	Conquering Tic Tac Toe will be next.
0	Give it 10, 20 years. They'll be trying to ban 3D printers for 'unlicensed' users or some such garbage.
1	But I thought macs were immune to viruses?
0	"it's amazing how butthurt people get over one fucking app. Jesus. ""Oh no, android users have instagram now"". You know what will change? Not a damn thing."
1	This is bullshit! Macs don't get viruses!!!!!
1	That explains why there have been so few exploits for linux over the years.
0	Any oppurtunity to bash Apple. Even with this, you can't deny the great job apple does with security.
1	BUT NOOO windows is insecure and full of viruses and mac is so safe and invulnerable
0	It was clearly in front of their nose the whole time
0	No. And I'm shocked at the number of government-loving mind controlled downvotes I've gotten.
0	Straight up agnostic. For a long time that's the only word that was needed. The word atheist was tacked on by an atheist community to bolster numbers.
0	upvotes to you
0	Careful sir, your ignorance is showing.
1	But the coal industry...the industry execs...they'll be out of a job if it's true!
0	We should all work together to a better future where nobody has instagram!
0	Thanks, Curly
0	Whoever has the password. (DUH)
0	Sounds brilliant, be right back while I switch my sexual orientation to gay, religion to satanism, and political affiliation to the communist party.
0	Rootstrike had the right idea but drastically underestimated the extent of the problem. Their site seems pretty much defunct now.
0	They learned about the internet in the 90's, when everything was cyberspace and hacking-is-a-state-of-mind, and in their brains the only thing that has changed is that you can get email on your phone as well as your laptop, now.
0	"""What Facebook? I don't know anything about Facebook""."
0	It can be empirically shown that funding in pure research leads directly to increased wealth. It's true both in companies with R&amp;D departments as well as in superpowers. If we hadn't steadily decreased scientific funding over the years, we very well might not be in this financial mess in the first place.
0	It has come time to be more careful about who you accept money from than who you pay it too.
0	It's an April Fools' joke, people.
0	What the hell, how have I not heard of this?  Is it not as amazing as it seems or something?
1	What are you talking about? I love people who use **random bold** to make a point
1	Which is very surprising what with Piracy effectively wiping billions off the record companies value
0	I didn't know Settlers had DLC.
0	Plus, he misses the elephant in the room: vertical notifications, something Apple stole from Android.
0	I won at Solitaire!
1	Send me 100 bucks and I'll set you up with one.
0	Windows does not care what you want. You will get Win 8 anyway.
0	i hope they get bought out... but someone who can actually manage damn good product.
0	We've been around for kilobytes, megabytes and gigabytes of it. You might not be amazed by it, but I certainly will.
0	Which is exactly why the cable industry is dying :)
0	I call it 100%
0	There's already a Samsung that's water resistant (up to 2 meters underwater IIRC) and shock resistant. Just take that? It isn't a smartphone, obviously, but I doubt you need to check your Facebook and e-mail while surfing.
0	Just 10 years ago, the phones we have would be considered science fiction
1	The company is Microsoft and the technology is known as surface.
0	I don't get it.  What the fuck just happened?
0	If the torrent (or otherwise) your downloading doesn't contain a crack all packaged and ready for you then you're downloading the wrong copy. Anything I download has everything I need to start playing the game, otherwise I'll look for another copy done by somebody who knows what they're doing. You can also trust certain groups to not put malware in their releases (RAZOR 1911, SKiDroW)
0	Because, America.
0	wow. This might be really useful for making pot brownies.
0	I'm not even going to touch it with a 10 foot pole. I'll wait a couple of months before considering it.
0	The funny thing is that is pretty much how it happens. The economy is largely a fiction built upon peoples confidence.
0	"lol, when I develop the film in my camera it produces ""pics"""
0	High five for mythtv!  Still using mine, why'd you ditch yours?
0	Sorry, but no. I don't want to be at the beck and call of random internet people who get mad. Isn't mindless pitchforking looked down upon on around here?
0	If you like living in the filter bubble, then yeah.
0	Well, I guess you're not feeling lucky.
0	And also holds the greatest possible promise of good governance.  The ability of governments to be transparent, to solicit input from all citizens, and to make decisions based on facts and evidence has never been stronger than it is with the Internet.  The problem is, most are not taking advantage of it, and many are even using it to go backwards.  We have to demand better of the government, and of ourselves, because we are the government.
0	"And the internet collectively responds with ""No shit asshole."""
0	I'd imagine with that many computers, he had a few racks of servers in a dedicated room, or a bunch of shelves of desktops acting like servers of some kind.
0	You are somewhat behind the curve.
0	I hear if you put its front legs in a pair of wellies it'll stay parked for longer.
0	I ruined my sleep schedule staying up for that first launch.
0	I've never understood the problem with that, personally.
0	Mission for, not mission by. My line of reasoning is still correct.
1	You're so stupid for not discussing this with him. How can you be so fucking dumb you ignoramus?
0	TBH it sounds like one kid who found his way into the email server, then released it under the anonymous name.  Anyone can call themselves anon, yanno?
0	"So when I see links in a chain that say ""vaccines"" and ""big pharma"" I can't help but think they're a bunch of crack pots."
0	it needed to be seen.
1	17gb of emails written by doj lawyers... a riveting read I'm sure
0	IE9 &amp; IE10 have beat Chrome a few times. Since Chrome accelerates script rendering while IE9 hardware accelerated everything.
0	But he really doesn't need the resistance.
0	Yep, that's what makes him a scumbag.
0	I can't justify paying an extra thousand dollars or two for laptop when I can just buy a regular one with windows already installed and just wipe the OS and install OSX/Linux on it myself for far more cheaper.
1	Just like Alienware, right?
0	I KNOW!
0	Please do not insert change rolls.
0	I am an asshole and I can confirm this.
0	And what of NYC, LA, Boston, Philadelphia, Detroit, Dallas, etc, where there's astronomical population densities?
0	The shuttle was a poorly conceived program that ran for years to try to self justify. There is no reasonable evidence that NASA could not have done a good job on a reasonable design.
1	Of course, just ask their age, that'll obviously work
0	Two words: Gold Mansachs
0	I'm getting back over $100 from Bank of America because of the class action lawsuit regarding their fraudulent calculation of overdraft charges. I wouldn't rely on a book of fiction from John Grisham to give you a good understanding of a field of law. There are a lot of class action lawsuits that greatly benefit the victims. Billions of dollars have been paid to victims as part of medical class action lawsuits. Yeah, the lawyers on those asbestos and mesothelioma commercials make a lot of money, but the people who were covered by those class action suits do get large payouts and they do stand to benefit greatly from them.
1	Why are you guys are so obsessed with all this space travel and going to mars stuff when there's the Facebook IPO!!!  It represents the greatest minds of our generation working to get people to click on ads.  What could be more awesome and heroic than that.
0	Indeed. He makes his show ~60% about the absurdity in media. Fox News is just such an easy target for that.
0	I came into this expecting it to be the top comment.
0	Hell, I'll take a 66% click through with a customer base as large as Facebook's
1	What were people expecting? A personal assistant well that's dumb
0	Good luck getting out of your contract. I got fucked by Sprint a few years back. I signed a contract for one plan and they literally signed me up for another. The difference in service was about $2k per year. Of course, I didn't know about the mistake until I got my first bill - 1 month later. Their return policy gives you 2 weeks. I'm sure Apple will give you your money back but AT&amp;T or Verizon will fuck you over if you try to leave.
0	He's in the woods with julia of course.
0	It's a fucking awful idea. I'd just pirate everything even more than I do currently.
0	It's back up for me already.
0	Install [ghostery](http://www.ghostery.com) to prevent this.
0	FAIL. This is *NOT* 'Wifi'.
0	no longer, apparently.  :'(
0	I'm guessing Blizzard.
0	HYAAAR AVAST YEE MAYTEE. i be recommending to thee that ye traverse the wild oceans of internets and pillage and plunder your booty
0	I honestly can't comprehend the appeal, there's a million things I'd rather do than read inane FB comments. Just off top of my head, I'd rather talk to my friends in person or on gtalk, write some code, read a book, watch an infoq talk, go outside, or play games. All of those things are infinitely more satisfying.
0	Life Pro Tip: Before you go to work, ensure you close all of your porn tabs at home.
1	Goodo, that'll make them cheaper than ever
0	I'm picturing the cops reverberating the hippy drums back at them to the tune of 160 decibels.
0	Hi, are you familiar with America?
1	Fuckin' Democracy lovin' hippies, kill 'em all!
0	You mean everyone else who would have little chance of licensing their music individually?
1	Sounds like another evil liberal plot to get rid of my Rush-approved light bulbs.
0	By your logic Google was copying a Yahoo innovation and the iPod was copying a Rio innovation. But wait, Rio was actually coping the Sony Walkman wasn't it? Innovation isn't as cut and dry as you're making it out to be it. It's never one big completely original idea but rather in most cases it's the evolution of existing concepts.
0	NELSON
0	What makes Anonymous so powerful is not just the tech-savvy hackers in the group, but also their public media campaigns, and the protesters on the street, and the name recognition, and *the values they represent*.  They do more than just DDoS servers and steal email; they mobilize people.
1	Didn't you read the article? It's all about scalability! They might get a 5th PC...  if the library budget can afford it.
0	We kill the Batman.
0	Oh man, I only have a dual monitor set up. They aren't even the same resolution. It only slightly makes it more fun.
0	Granted, form always follows function, with a little tarting up.
0	Are they carrying a passenger to ISS? because there are number of private companies that goes up to put up satellites. How is this different than private satellite companies?
1	Well. This is a suprise!
0	what a brilliant idea this suit has discovered! its not like we havent been saying that for years!
0	The fact that CD sales spiked after being on a down trend for a year or  two. Nowadays, it's ITunes and its unbundling that does this - when you can buy the 2-3 good  songs and ignore the rest, a $15 sale becomes $2. People are still buying music, just not whole CDs.
0	Yes. I know. The assertion here is that those contracts are bad ideas and they should be allowed to expire in favor of new ones that make people who would otherwise be pirates stop being pirates, for example. Then HBO would make money off would-be pirates and pirates will not risk legal action any more. It seems reasonable to conclude that this is possible for various reasons.
1	That's just a really long adapter.
0	from $8/mo to $28/mo? I doubt most people would be willing to pay 250% more to add HBO. I sure wouldn't!
1	And Microsoft should continue to provide security patches for windows XP until the end of time. Actually I think that the government should make it a law that a software developer has to provide support for every legacy piece of software **forever**. It is only logical.
0	"You are looking at this the same way investors look at Wall Street; WE NEED TO SEE GROWTH! Keeping the same number of customers and same profit for 5 years is great (especially on an optional entertainment service in a bad economy). Those customers enjoy their programs, pay their bills, and are making everyone at HBO rich. The idea of ""you need growth or you are a failure"" is a flawed model that causes more harm then good; fuck, those ideas caused the downturn of our economy. Why don't you ask JP Morgan Chase if they would rather have seen stagnant growth or the loss of $2 billion?"
0	...says ARM's biggest competitior.
0	Sounds like something Homer Simpsons would say, 10 years ago.
0	shut up and sell me refrigerator pants!
1	This is wonderful.  I finally might get the motivation to finish ripping my movie collection so I can stream it to my PS3 anytime I feel like watching something.  No more getting off the couch to find the damn case, open it, put it in, etc.
0	You poor and haggard soul.  I hope that the next 20 seconds of your life is kind to you.  You people are bitching about 20 seconds.  If you don'[t like it...go ahead and pirate the shit.  What do I fucking care?  Go ahead and use 20 seconds as an excuse to get something for nothing.  It's your life and your call.
1	well that was stupid. Who knew that companies were male-dominated not because most of the grads are men, but because of  some culture thing?
0	"Everyone I know calls it the glove compartment in the US, and we use manual and stick interchangeably, also ""4/5/6-speed"".  Northerners seem to call it ""standard"" which is now incorrect, but people still know what you mean."
0	Can you blame them?
0	We need to support corporations that stop from the government trampling on the rights on activists who are fighting to expand government and put restrictions on government!!
0	Hail ~~Satan~~ Hydra!
0	Other topic: Why are IEDs cowardly and drones not?
0	You know, think about it, she's out there with some lobbyist she barely knows.
0	If the place wasn't packed, then why didn't you simply move to another seat?
0	Yeah, this only seems really attractive to gambling ventures.  The problem is that properly executed gambling ventures require a ton of rock solid bandwidth and server capacity.  This boat would be woefully inadequate for that.
0	Indeed.  People outside of the tech industry rarely understand just how much user-data is worth.  Knowing more about the user than the user knows about themselves is the easiest way to get them to click links and buy products.
0	In the last 10 years I've seen Yahoo, Lycos, MySpace and AOL all go from being dominant forces to little more than afterthoughts.  No reason to believe it won't happen to facebook.
0	Yessir
0	Sorry I missed it before as I'm on my phone. Thankfully I've never owned an IBM deathstar... Only Hitachi. Of which I'll report over 10 personal drives of mine from them haven't failed over the course of 8 years I've been buying the brand.
0	Which is a shame...  Had they been slightly more patient with the aquisition they'd have been able to buy the thing for pennies on the dollar.
0	You're also forgetting it's not possible for an application to access SMS messages, so it's not an issue.
0	I certainly hope you didn't pay much for that copy.
0	It's not actually banned.
0	Yes. Then I would know the article is not one I need to read.
0	He got to where he was, by using that CV lie to get him positions he had no right applying for (paypal) - and younger too, because he didn't spend his time in education!
0	You're drastically *understating* the issue.  He's not a manager at the local McDonalds, he's the ceo of YAHOO.
0	Well, sure, if you designed a connection oriented protocol to assign a number to each person, it could work similar to how cell networks do. It could likely even sit on top of IPv6. If it were sitting on top of IPv6 though, that would mean that your IP is arbitrary and your identifier with the new protocol is static. I'm just saying that if you wanted to do it with pure IPv6, you could just have a massive amount of small subnets. As I said though, it not practical, but it's not practical because of a limitation of hardware, not of the protocol.
1	"Nothing is more important than the ""opinion"" of a politician."
0	Why thank you.  I'd be a crummy English teacher if I get that one wrong.
0	Branson strikes again!
0	Who suggested they would should be double dipping?
0	Or AT&amp;T who created C?
0	Tried planting seeds? Not the drug kind ;)
0	You monster
1	What could they possible have to hide right?  Privacy is so over rated.
0	I loath how that word it being overused and abused. Every time I see an ad that has plants, a little leaf or uses the word green I know they're hiding something.
1	But we can't make them feel bad about expressing their feelings.
0	Joke's on them, people will just torrent instead.
1	Oh well that makes it alright then.
1	Yay for unelected representatives!
0	If it weren't required for our Android dev, I'd not use it at all.
0	They're called mail mixers IIRC, and there's a few of them. I don't know how much traffic they get.
0	Exactly the fucking problem. Politicians and judges being ask to legislate and rule over areas they've fucking no clue what they're doing.
1	yeah china is evil and everything they do is bad
0	Did you look at the features? Because it's pretty useless.
0	Meh, I use the web interface because tagging and searching are the most important things they have to offer, and I can't get those using another client.
0	"It all happened when they started this ""optimus"" crap. Computer manufacturers have been shipping hybrid nvidia+intel multicard systems, but linux sort of blows us. You can make it work, but only the intel side, and the ""bumblebee"" project isn't mature enough to bridge the gap."
0	"And I proudly still refuse to use gmail.  Why use a service that harvests personal information (because it's ""free"") when there are other alternatives that allow you to maintain your privacy?"
0	Maybe a better mouse-trap?
0	No, the plural of penis is penises. 31337 kids should also know that the plural of virus is viruses, not virii.
0	What does it say when a company feels so threatened by emerging technology that they have to invent and patent more technology just to negate the previous?
0	Safari is great. Not sure why people dislike it.
0	Perhaps with some routers, but I routinely get 365+ day uptime with no heat or glitches with my DD-WRT running WRT160N, the same as I did with my old WRT54G.
0	Well isn't that just lovely :)
0	You are welcome to pay to advertise on Reddit.
0	considering how popular Walmart is in this country, I'd say NO.
0	Keep riding that Tesla gravy train!
0	as if they don't hold on to the tagged but unapproved data points. Get real.
0	Take a deep breath.  You're going to see the same prices that everyone else sees, just perhaps with a different starting sort or filtering.  There's nothing sinister or even inconvenient about this.
0	Quickly think of a paradox; if you haven't exploded you should be safe.
0	You're ruining the circlejerk.
0	No, keep it going. It has the capacity to be something great.
1	Yes, only men should be allowed to use the internet. While we're at it, let's take away womens driving privileges too. And how about all those dangerous stabbing weapons in schools? I say we ban pencils!
0	"At least the district is fighting this wingnut instead of giving and appeasing them like some liberal pussies. Between this and the arrest  of the ""faith healers"" who let their kid die, I'm glad to see us sticking up for reason in the face of all this stupid woo."
0	And what percent of the overall computer market?  The point is that people will easily take advantage of holes if they exist.  It doesn't matter if the market share is 1%, 10%, or 90%; make it easy enough and you'll have every script kiddy trying to do something nasty to you.  Obviously they have made it sufficiently hard for people to do this; so they moved to easier targets, windows.  (Windows 3.11 and '95 weren't hard, just harder than OS7/8)  As Windows gets bolted down Macs may once again regain focus, if simple exploits are found.  If not, only the professionals will care, and then real shit will happen. . . on whatever OS this happens on.
1	right... because America's space program is completely capitalistic, paid for by private funds, and doesn't receive any government money what so ever
0	In that case Apple users have everything to fear!
0	SkyOS. At least it runs on modern hardware.
0	This needs a to be real; citation please.
0	If you purchased something stolen you do not have the right to re-sell. That is established law. This deals with whether or not it counts as stolen.
0	I doubt anyone who'd be using this would be stupid enough to still use the piratebay.
0	they aren't dumbasses.  they know **exactly** what they are doing.
0	Should be fine at any orientation as it seems they are using the centering force from the motor to press against the air bearing.
0	So this is the only difference that everyone hated? So now it's fixed they are the same as google right?
1	This comment is racist for acknowledging racism!
0	Mountain Dew Baja Blast.
0	this is where 4chan comes in and raids FunnyJunk with gfur, scat, gore, CP, etc. Just the most depraved, evil things that can be found on the internet. 9fag has had enough of an ass-pounding. For now.
0	The internet's most hated man will be someone else next month. See you guys then!
1	They obviously stole all their ideas from apple and should be sued into oblivion.
0	The key word here is marketed.  4G was originally a standard, but both telcos and equipment manufacturers wanted to be able to call things 4G long before the actual required upgrades were in-place.  This ruling in Au is contrary to rulings made in the USA that allowed exactly this behavior to exist...and helped make such a mess of the standard.
1	What the hell are you even talking about.  So there are 2 levels of performance, acceptable and complete trash?  No middleground?  Yea, that sounds like an intelligent thing to argue.
0	All that farming and no food to eat.
0	Wait, people are just now complaining about Apple's planned obsolescence?
1	Whats wrong with that...charge your phone **and** connect it to hdmi device.  Talk about revolutionary
0	Who is going to spend time coding for a platform with few users that is not going to grow. I doubt even MS will support apps for any longer than 6 months after the release of WP8
1	Ha, he must be typing on one of those puny iPads which we all used to think were the best thing ever to exist!
0	I feel like they are either the same person or related.
1	Things like this definitely do not happen on Windows post launch.
0	Makes me think we could do an 'i'm spartacus' on him with several imposer accounts and several people claiming to be running each one, see how many people he will try to name on that suit, especially with the inclusion of an extradition attempt from sweeden
0	I think it's a little late to stop the nonsense. Their lawyer is personally suing people. He's off the chain and rabid with stupid.
0	In the case of wifi networks screwing up I would say it isn't.  There are a lot of other things that are their fault but there are reasons why wifi shouldn't be trusted for important things, especially in locations that are going to have a lot of technology use.
0	Take that, Cupertino... Bwahahaha!!
0	Not sure what your implication is; I was refuting Thisglitch's apparent assertion that the only thing preventing egga94 from appreciating 4'33 as art was his presumed lack of musical knowledge.
1	but, he's for gay marriage. so it's ok.
0	No true Scotsman
1	False. America has jurisdiction over everyone.
0	That's on the version that's more akin to comparing it to an ultrabook or laptop, not a tablet. Their 'tablet' (read ARM) version won't run the full Windows OS.
0	I wonder if the police will start using google maps to look for pot plants
0	Then you haven't used a transformer.  It is quite good.
0	Metro apps are all limited to the app store.  Everything else won't be.
0	Does anyone know if this will support HTML5, JAVA, and CSS3?
0	Thanks!
1	Aw man, not even close? I'm not gonna buy one then!
0	I ... really want a... microsoft product?
0	If you're gonna go down... double down!
0	Sent an e-mail? That's a suin'.
0	I like your out-of-box thinking.
0	I have no problem in sending a rat and then see what happens. If it works, then we may think about that. I think Alpha Centauri (the game) covered this.
1	I can't wait until the oil companies buy the idea form them and it vanishes from the public
0	Well if it was 5 years ahead of its time, whats wrong with having a current technology level phone?
0	What sort of problems?
0	My dad is a tech expert, however we don't own any mainframes that use punchcards.
0	And you redditors are arguing over petty things such as who's worse with your data, Facebook or Google. It's as if you're forgotten about the real world.
0	"Except that when you *do* need to do it, you actually have to know how to do it. When I'm sitting on the plane and they say ""turn off the computers"", I need to know how to shut it down."
0	Oh my apologies. Just a weird sentence parsing I guess :)
0	Like the 360 did?!
1	Yeah we're on reddit so let's make up some straw men arguments against republicans! /highfive
0	*salute*
1	"Wow, this ""leak"" is going to kill the XBox 720."
0	It's well known that Thomas Jefferson had a collection of skulls, human and xenomorph.
0	It's complicated.  Supposedly everyone hates coldplay, which would make their fans in the minority, and hipsters MUST be in the minority at all times.  Nickelback on the other hand, is absolute shit, to the point of being past the lengths even hipsters will go.  Like Hitler.
0	Which still involves sifting through miles of checkboxes in a small scrollable window until you've selected everything you want.
1	I have a PC, so I'm safe.  Haha MAC users!
0	It's not obvious until you know it. I don't know why it's not simply 'in=' and 'out='.
0	"I agree, the title makes it seem as if these adapters perform some type of  conversion and send it over the wire as data packets. The title should read ""HDMI over standard Cat5/6 cabling""."
0	A Taurus SHO can maybe do 5.2. A regular Ford Taurus SEL is more like 8-9 seconds for their 0-60, and is a more accurate comparison.
0	Don't forget all the Korean dramas and failed sitcoms.
0	My comment was more pointing out the potential for abuse.
0	Or 9gag pretending to be reddit pretending to be 4chan pretending to be 9gag.
0	Dell? Never heard of it. I'm using Windows.
1	As a conservative hedge fund manager I would like to say that this is all crap. Planned obsolesence is a conspiracy theory created by communists in order to complain about not getting stuff for free!
1	"Doh hoh ho ""MagSafe"". You suck if you don't have that feature."
0	It's a trademark, the technical meaning is what apple says it is. It is true that the screens are very near if not at the limit of human eye resolution at the proper distance.
0	When did Best Buy start taking PC trade-ins?
0	How is it theft? The only people it affects are those looking for a free spot.
0	I have a plan through my employer. Unlimited data. 500GB of tethering / mo. :/
1	*STOP MAKING SENSE OR PEOPLE WILL DOWNVOTE YOU!!*
1	First time I've ever read something stupid at WSJ.
0	Or get applecare for $200 and let them replace it for free.
1	Why repair what never breaks?
0	Maybe we I'm just spoiled by ASUS two year standard warranties, but for me an extended warranty would be useless because I'd have gotten a new device by the time the warranty ended.
0	Basically when it costs them money. I know more than a few file sharers who put up with garbage DSL connections that are unlimited just to stream, download &amp; pirate to their hearts content.
1	Only paedophiles want privacy to hide all the CP!
0	So basically around 2000 all of the Ma Bell busting was reversed it seems.
0	Search Catleap
0	Use of a computer should not include breaking your power cords.
0	Does that mean I could use a Verizon (4g) phone on their network?
0	Man if people get this rilled up over what data Facebook collects just wait till they find out what google does
0	Welp. Attemping to maintain my current levels of usage under this plan with my fiance would result in me paying much more. Thus, that's it I'm gone. When my contract is up, fuck you Verizon.
0	That's EVERYBODY'S attitude towards science, pal.
1	Hm, the same rep that disallowed women from the birth control committee. I'm sure this will go well for us.
0	I think the people downvoting aren't seeing the humor.
0	Perhaps thats why Fj has resorted to trying to extort $20k from TheOatmeal.
0	Nonetheless, it's still not the government's problem, since they don't have possession of the data. They can't be forced to turn over something that they don't have. It would be like a court ordering you to turn over your Bentley. (I assume you're not a Bentley owner.)
0	Well said. No idea why this is so popular. Even the Ted audience seemed to love it.
1	I expect jerky animations just like in the TF2 machinimas, or I will be disappointed
0	My sympathies.
1	Pirate party... So they going to form a political party based on the idea of theft? Yeah that sounds like a great idea
0	I would assume that the first places to outlaw human drivers would be cities. I'm sure there would be plenty of room for human drivers in more rural areas where the benefits of having only robotic cars are less obvious.
1	But, but, but, government is evil!  It means rich people must pay taxes! We don't need teachers, firemen, and IT workers, we need tax breaks for the wealthy and large corporations!
0	also if any of depression entertainment industry ww2 era people were ever listened to then the young exec whipper snappers would have known Hollywood made money hand over fist because in times of depression and recession people are desperate for forms of escapism.
0	I'd give it a 99% chance that the first Mac Pro updates in two years will be announced at WWDC tomorrow. (and by tomorrow, I mean Monday)
1	"Apple also claims rights to the color white, rectangular cell phones with rounded corners, and all words starting with the letter ""i."""
0	They're gonna patent air next.
0	Fuck1!!! I've been looking for that option for months. Thanks!
0	complete dicks.
1	Well, certainly not media companies
0	How do you manage them?  Or do you just have an excellent memory?
1	Wow, its not even the cost of the house thats surprising its the amount of maintence that will go into this mansion... How do people have all this money and where is my share!
0	Then download it now for free and buy the dvd when it comes out. That way you not only support them, but also get the dvds. Nobody would blame you, and it is clear (from this thread and the other a few days ago) that HBO knows about this, but they don't care, since they would lose more if they offer episodes without a cable contract.
0	This. Changes. Everything.
0	It's like how Amazon was so shitty for a while - you gotta stick with what your userbase is used to otherwise you'll scare them off.
1	But Apple made everybody happy! They even went through a tour of the factories!
1	What does your tablet do that your phone or laptop doesn't do? You are simply a victim of consumerism. Also there were plenty of smartphones prior to apple releasing the iPhone in 2007. I love when we ignore history so we can write our own that praises one entity. That's the kind of shit Hitler did. YOU FUCKING NAZI!
0	Name 10
0	Well then you're a moronic idealist.
0	For most practical purposes they were. Being the first to effectively market an mp3 player almost singlehandedly saved them.
0	Sooo.. the FBI is basically giving Megaupload a great defense? Smoooth.
0	So? Patent expired long ago.
0	Maybe Windos would be more appropriate, since you can at best have 2 apps per screen on Metro.
1	That's funny, you should keep posting it.
0	And, on an hourly-rate basis, justice is expensive too.
0	No you can't, tmobile is horrible.
0	same here
0	If a consumer is negatively impacted by the change in contract it's considered grounds for termination still.  Otherwise, companies could make your contract perpetual with no way to cancel and charge you $500/month, for example.
1	Because most end users are aware of security flaws?
0	Why are the servers not a valid point? IIRC all XBL games run through Microsoft's servers, where as PS3 game servers are the responsibility and cost of the game creator/publisher.
0	Pretty much all cars do this under the correct conditions regardless of build year.
0	Yep, I was driving to Atlanta a few months ago and the fog was so thick on the interstate that I could only see 3 dash lane lines ahead.  Very scary.
0	"FALSE. The correct term is ""Optical MASER"". But really you're correct and I was just being facetious."
1	Dude, you forgot the teflon coated cat-5 cables. The bits just slip by with no friction
0	Yea that was it then *poof* MU gets taken down by the Feds.
0	I would take that burden.
0	Okay then we need to stop the teachers union that won't allow shitty teachers to be fired.
0	Correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't the government stop its close surveillance on Microsoft recently?  That's why they're starting to bundle applications into their OS again I think.
0	"You seem to be confused about how capitalism works. You appear to have confused ""government"", ""business"", and ""charity"". I assure you they are in fact not the same."
0	Yeah, who needs the Coast Guard or Secret Service.
0	I have not read complete translations of any other, but when I was deciding which translation to read, I obtained many translations and read several different passages as written by each.  It was no contest choosing which to pursue.
0	You're right, we should always judge new actions entirely on the past, I mean companies and people aren't capable of changing, and sins of the past should always weigh more than good deeds of the future.  Never mind that the last 3 versions of IE were actually very good in comparison to the past (though still not as good as their competitors, IMO).
1	Yeah because Google makes no profit, and they certainly don't provide any value to their users.
0	Clearly we need better ad blockers that can fake out the ad services.
1	I TOTALLY trust google with my data.
0	Problem is that these sites with 18+ only restrictions are based on a honor system. And those types of sites are unenforceable unless you place a RTA logo on them
1	What part of CONFIRMED in the title of this post don't you understand?
0	Jewython
0	So when can we find the code on github?
0	FIOS customer here. Fuck comcast. Verizon is awesome
1	But that doesn't matter, because you're going to get sweet karma for driving clicks to their site.
0	Edit that shit, good man!
0	You think that 4chan would approve of that.
0	spam... goodbye!
0	Really, I don't know why that was so captivating to read.
1	HAHA SHEEPLE AMIRITE?!
0	They're everywhere.
0	Close! Analysts believe FB to be overpriced (BS) by 75% from its IPO price of $38. Price per share would then be $9.50
1	That wouldn't stop them from trying. Would give them a reason to use all those so-called FEMA prison camps that are supposedly being built everywhere.
0	Doesn't hand break just use VLC internally?
1	Oh, so party A has to ask party B before spying on party C, where A and B are the same agency. That works so great today that I think it mitigates the fact that we're going to have our freedoms trampled on by this legislation.
0	The last one really sucked. REALLY sucked.
1	Yes.  Machine shops should be illegal!
0	Simple, stop service to California and let them continue to bury themselves in bullshit regulations.
1	Yeah, and the average person will never own a computer.
1	But it's dangerous, and think of those poor rapists/muggers that will be killed when trying to rape/mug you
0	I wonder if you could copyright the method of trolling and suing someone?
0	What the music industry needs is to be government regulated like everything else. It will solve all our problems.
1	OH WOW REALLY?!?!
0	You are butthurt because your opinion is uneducated and it shows.
0	Likely, you'll never max out the connection from a single server.
0	"Don't you mean ""Judge Dred Disorder""?"
0	Which is why lobbying should be illegal because it IS bribery.
0	Nothing ever actually gets deleted anywhere.
0	There's one I'm fond of that rhymes with Lawrence Beach.
0	"Misread the title, missed the ""H"". I thought don't they have any thing better to do, and Reddit is already watching the cats the police could just outsource if they were that big of a problem."
0	Sorry by the way for that wall of text I sent!
0	On Windows 8? Is this the Windows 8 consumer preview you are talking about?
0	Actually I use AT&amp;T.  They're a bit pricey but we got the 12 MBPS plan.  It hardly ever goes down, and it stays at about 11.50 MBPS constantly.  I have no real issues with their internet.
0	booo funnyjunk
0	Live sports are literally the only reason I still have TV service.
0	"I didn't meant to imply that you had to like it, I was just trying to say that there is a valid argument past ""why would you want to""."
0	Dude, we're in the middle of it.
0	well you see if the start menu was in any version then people would point to it and ask for it in their version of win8 as well.
0	Honestly if they would just give me my Start Menu back I'd switch to Windows 8; it's faster and I'm sure some Metro apps will be cool.
0	Just for the record, Alexander Graham Bell did not invent the telephone - he bribed a patent clerk and stole it.
0	"""Overscroll bounce"" isn't needed. Samsung could have done without Apple's idea. They used it anyway, much like the rest of Android. So fuck Samsung."
1	Seriously! It is so unfair of people to accuse a bigotted organization of being nefarious.  Won't anyone think of the feelings of the company?!
0	All together in one package? No. But were all of those functionality that the iPhone has available for over a decade separately? Huge fucking yes.
0	It boggles my mind that they dont care
0	Me too man.  Space Robo-buddies?
0	The Justin Beiber virus will be *glorious.*
0	Craigslist is a perfect example of why critical mass is so important if you're a startup and why momentum kills innovation.
0	Yeah, the iPhone, iPod, iPad, etc. were nothing different at all when they first came out.
0	Disk cache.
0	Tin foil hats.
0	I have to call people niggers with my real name? HAH. okay.
1	Yes, but how else are you going to demonize the hacking culture?
0	how long you going to live there?  Id try and cut a deal with them for discounted service it would only take a couple years for them to make back their money.
0	I've never seen this. Only if you lock out your profile, login from another country/enter wrong password etc they ask to identify your friends on pictures to verify that it's really you. That's the closest thing to what you're saying that I've seen. But even then you don't have to write real names, just choose from the list.
0	Now say that without quotes!
0	Prices. How much will it cost you per month? If it's comparable to the competition in the U.S., then nothing's special about it.
0	TIL Japan has fibre-to-the-home because of a war 70 years ago.
0	Because no one entity should be allowed to make decisions unchecked. That system isn't fair and that's the system we have right now. So someone needs to keep the pieces together.
0	"Um, then what was the Watchman animated graphic novel (""Watchmen: the Complete Motion Comic"") which used Dave Gibbons and Higgins' artwork, issued on DVD?"
0	**ASSUMING DIRECT CONTROL.**
0	... also it has been shown that the next President, regardless of party affiliation, will not pursue the matter anyway.
0	all i hear is get rid of these senators
1	Fun's over guys, time for us to migrate back over to digg.
0	Source? I have never seen a public conference where Microsoft is using Mac's for their presentation. If it's to show off a Mac product like Microsoft Office that's a unique situation but my general point remains... a company wants to highlight their products as much as possible. If you're advertising how great a Chevy is while driving around a Ford it looks bad.
0	wait, what?  The Whitehouse never even supported SOPA.  From the beginning Obama said he was going to veto it if it landed on his desk.
0	Yes, let's start improving the economy by instigating random fights on the internet, in which we say we own a corporation and call anyone suggesting that corporations should take responsibility for wrongdoings by their employees an occupier, a communist, a noob and a hippy rapist.
0	Yet they still get women.
0	No...I'd really rather they didn't, actually.
0	Enjoy getting probed by the DOJ
0	FWIW, when AT&amp;T was broken up, the average cost of a phone line was $1000 to install and $600/year to maintain. And that's for one copper pair, laid down in bundles of 900 or so at a time.  I can see something cutting edge like laying new residential fiber loops being pretty expensive. (16x as expensive, no. But certainly $3000 to install doesn't seem out of line.)
1	Hurray for capitalism. This is how it should be.
1	280 bucks for 8 gb mp3 player? Yeah, this is gonna sell.
0	When you charge people for something, you charge them whatever you can make the most profit on. If everyone in Australia will pay more, then you charge them more. If people in Cambodia will pay less, charge them less. That's basic economics. If you don't charge the max the market will allow you to while making the max profit, then you are leaving money on the table. That's the publisher's call, and that's why they do it.
0	No Version 4.0 upgrades.
0	wtfman
0	These changes are all fine and all, but bumping the major version number for it?
0	I'd switch to Google+ permanently if they'd implement the account merge feature they promised nine months ago.
1	It's going to be year of the Linux Desktop! I can feel it!
0	Call me when I can run my car on water.  And buy a cold fusion generator at Walmart.
0	So, the world's not *safer* with all these cameras, just more *entertaining*.
0	Yeah we want the reposts to stay on here!
0	Thing is I know in my state, New Jersey, you are allowed to record a conversation so long as one party consents to it.  Ex.  I can use a recorder to record a conversation I have with someone without them being aware.  This differs from state-to-state though, and I believe video recording is under a different law and I do not know the rules for that off the top of my head.
0	Imgur has just been blocked from facebook!
0	they need to target ftp topsites not torrent sites. disrupt the top of the pyramid. All the tv/movies/music releases starts off from there and trickles down to torrents.
0	Plus, religions are crap at keeping people united. In the past, they've started wars and split countries, and they continue to do so today, though to a much lesser extent.
1	If it's good enough for Adobe e-books, then it's good enough for anyone
0	They know not what they do.
1	Exactly what I was thinking!
1	Yeah you're right, the chances of people being unjustly accused without legal recource is slim. This is a well thought out plan. This will defeat piracy and will not simply annoy law abiding citizens.
0	He probably has a bunch of bills that appeal to his base, like anti-abortion anti-pornography bills for the Christians. That serves as a reelection guarantee as he pisses everyone else off
1	You sound like a terrorist, man, I think you should be reported.
0	I'm pretty sure the premise of this article isn't to debate whether email spying is ok if it's on government machines, I believe the point is that the FDA is full of bullshit cronyism just like every other government program.
0	A reactor design has to get NRC approval before it can be built. It takes years to go through the approval process, and in the end there's only a chance that it will be successful. Why would private researchers bother to take that risk?
0	Someone needs to snipe him.
0	Better yet, find the people who are funding him and stop buying their products. Stop it at the source.
0	This computer is more powerful than the laptop I had in 2004.
0	Ah, yeah I agree. The world is hardly black and white regarding nearly any aspect.
0	Who isn't?
0	I imagine the requirement for a qualified backup human pilot will stay in most state laws for a long while after they're introduced.
0	bwahahahaha
0	I too came here from Digg.  After v3 I checked out the wall of blue links.... i left right away.  Then i came again until they turned purple. hooked ever since.
0	... A restore procedure that would lack all new data...  cmon, think it through.
0	"$2,000 for the equipment + install seems about right in this day and age, especially in NYC.  I would have expected it to be about triple that if this was indeed ""military grade""."
0	All aboard the pirate ship! YYAARRRRR
0	First, go buy a new tv.
0	Viacom just lost 20,000,000 viewers. Advertisers will want HUGE cuts in ad rates. Meanwhile, DirecTV customers figure out how to bypass Viacom, stay subscribed to DirecTV, and Viacom is forced to layoff.
0	All of these free wifi hotspots are being paid for by the payphone company.  Okay so what's the catch?
0	Have you tried?
1	But all the ones in the past have been so helpful!
0	This might actually get the networks like viacom to see that the channels people aren't subscribing to aren't worth watching and they need to do something to draw people to that channel. It would lose them a lot of money and they wouldn't like that. They'd have to be forced to provide equal or better programming than the internet, however unlikely that will ever happen.
0	It's just two greedy media businesses trying to screw over the other one, and it will be stand-off until they eventually meet in the middle.
0	What is this supposed to be?
0	Oh okay.  I assumed he was a computer guy based on his comics.
0	Enterprise IT is not a minority use case.
0	Someone isn't getting a campaign contribution if they keep talking like that.
0	Or you could, you know, use a custom DNS server address. (4.2.2.2 / 8.8.8.8 etc)
1	They're a satellite company, not cable, so those people won't be cutting a cord. Also why would you cut your coaxial cable? Just cancel your subscription instead.
0	Extra security?
0	"I'm calling it. Political astroturfing to drum up support for a new ""child protection""/censorship law"
0	The lawyers aren't ultimately making the decisions to sue, they simply make a living from it.  It is a policy problem where companies are forced to sue in every single case where infringement is even in question.  Otherwise they can seriously lose out on their patents.
0	In before who tries to nail Oatmeal? I've never heard of the first guy you mentioned, and I hope to never hear of him again!
1	Yeah cause iphones and ipads were the first of their kind.
1	They have no constitutional rights, so that's self-evident, too.
0	"The story probably was Apple heavy. The ruling though wasn't. It was very hard on the patent system in general, but because of pageviews all the reports have to say ""Apple"" for advertising dollars."
0	There was a point in there other than attacking my person?  Fooled me.  There's this thing you should try sometime, it's called maturity :P
1	Yeah cause Apple invented the car charger.
0	You're probably looking at old data (from 2006, prior to the housing crash).  Regardless, the amount of bailout money they're eventually going to need will eclipse any net contribution they've made if their deficit situation continues on its current path.
0	Heh, got anything to back that up?
0	Did you read the submission title or his post for that matter?
0	I can't imagine why the NSA (and any national intelligence organization anywhere) *wouldn't* at least attempt to develop that capability. To think otherwise would be like imagining that a crocodile wouldn't eat you if given half a chance.
1	yes I know, the media was all over this.
0	Yeah, so it will be like two years before Jelly Bean finds itself on more than 50% of Android machines.
0	Sure. Doesn't make his statement any more accurate right now.
0	I just think that HSR has it's uses, but they are limited. Maybe SF to LA is one of those, but for most of the US it is not worth the costs. Autonomous cars would be cheap compared to laying rail.
0	You want to put money on that?
0	Don't get excited, we never finish these things.
0	The UN are about as United as Manchester City.
0	Because it would be impossible to pass a law making it illegal to receive compensation.
0	Somehow I still see the boys getting punished more harshly.  Our culture has the whole guys chase/force/push sex and girls are only giving into the guy
1	Yeah. I bet they're happy about the decision to move to Thunderbird now.
0	Even that was just a ploy by Anti-Paul bots to turn the rest of reddit against Paul supporters. Plenty of mods have said that there was no evidence of vote manipulation.
0	if cisco installed snooping software on your router that watched your internet traffic and turned off your router if you did something they didnt like i'm sure you would have gotten mad. I have an older cisco router that was uneffected, but my next router will not be from them since they've already shown they're not trustworthy by installing backdoors in their routers in the first place.
0	That's hard to prove or disprove.
0	on the upside we will get novelty reddit names like CARDBOARD_IN_MY_ANUS
0	Those same legislators were able to un-monopolize the power grid.  Have them do the same for cellular service.
0	The difference is that you can't compete with public water. What are you going to do, tear up streets to lay new pipes? Cellular providers are wireless, so a utility provider would be just another competitor.
0	the software is there, just not for all routes.
1	I could not find a single oversimplification in that sentence.
0	"""Defend it or lose it"" only applies to trademarks, not patents."
0	Just don't upload them to Cisco Cloud, lol.
0	Rip off Britain. Nothing new here, move along.
0	I guess I missed out... I've never even heard of iGoogle.
1	Well, at least we still have Google+
0	Zakattak80's concern is that net neutrality *legislation* might turn into a bad thing.  If you seriously expect Congress to write a law that mirrors the FCC net neutrality rules, then you're forgetting that they are the puppets of special interest groups.  You're basically asking media and telecom companies to write a net neutrality law.
0	this isnt the mistake a company in the privacy business should make. This is the exact thing you expect them to get right and they failed. They had ONE JOB, and they didnt do it.
1	No. Studios transfer songs to iTunes one instance at a time.
0	Seriously. 5 years from now, you'll remember that the party was a dud and won't want to go back in time to attend it.
0	Surely that has to be 7 shades of illegal
0	The amount of Microsoft sockpuppet accounts in this thread is too damn high!
0	I've opened the program but I haven't done much else with it.  idk.
1	I always see Brits saying this. Why not just devalue the pound? It worked for us Americans.
0	If it had the Start Menu and Aero I'd buy it without hesitation.
0	Why was he so pissed?
0	Will the galaxy note be getting the new android jellybean?
1	They're called grammar 'nazis' for a reason.
0	Appeal to Authority.
0	*Cox.
0	By ***not*** hiring **getmakemoneyonline** by doing your advertising.
0	He **didn't** host content from any copyright holders. He just linked to places that did. By that logic google is the biggest online criminal in existence.
0	This makes every hacker's dick hard (pussy wet).  It's much easier to smash one system than thousands.  Epic FAIL.
0	I think you're more likely to become a partner or get a partner upgrade with likes, favorites, and subscriptions. No money is involved directly with those.
0	I've had periods where my internet is crappy and the bitrate dips a lot. It looks blocky, like I'm watching something on Megavideo or something. Maybe a lot of NA doesn't have a fast connection?
0	while the terms of use for stuff is still needlessly complicated, I at least can read this and understand it.
0	Patens do not describe an end result, they describe a method. The pinch-to-zoom patent explains in detail the precise underlying steps to achieve this zooming effect on mobile devices - as such you can't demonstrate 'prior art' since you only see the result here.
0	Interesting.
0	Then develop for another platform...  I doubt Apple would care.
1	Yeah, having a walled garden is FINE. It's totally okay to let Apple decide which apps you can use and which you can't. I personally cannot wait until they make Mac OS X a walled garden too.
0	It's been 2 months now, judging by the last 'very soon' it will be 6 minimum.
1	and it will scan the phone for pirated works and delete them without your knowledge.
0	They copied this from MS!
0	My grandmother just blamed the Space Shuttle for the bad weather.
0	One word: redundancy;
1	I'm guessing everyone's linking to it because Growklaw totally isn't biased, unlike that FOSSpatents guy.
0	There sure seem to be a lot of butthurt Samsung fanboys out right now. Sad.
0	The heck are speech marks?
0	But wait! Does this latest update cause Chrome to stop telling me java is out of date even though it's not?
0	It does.
1	How am I supposed to play WGT??
1	But what if I need it?
0	Isn't it always like this when people start using new OSes?
1	Well, that's informative. Thanks for clearing that up!
0	Then why is it also on Workstations and Servers?
1	And we all know courts are never wrong! Good point!
0	Sure he could.  I know its against the reddit meme, but some people have friends.  Those friends could have told him they use WinRAR.  With enough people using it and then finding out its not free, I can see the conclusion that they aren't really trying.
0	This takes me back to primary school when someone turned to me and said 'hey no offence but why are you such a---' and then a crushing insult that resulted in physical retaliation, followed by 'THAT'S NOT FAIR, I SAID NO OFFENCE! WHY DO YOU HAVE TO BE SUCH A---' and so on and so forth.
0	I wish I had money right now. Samsung doesn't only make phones. They are a huge contractor for tech companies. This is just a short term setback.
0	I don't like either of them but yes, Samsung does have a better infrastructure.
1	"Apple claims a patent on ""a rectangular computing device"" so yeah, I suppose that doesn't apply to the core Android system."
0	Surely this dumb kid is more dangerous than the 100Mb upload servers in Europe and Asia! What with his 128k DSL upload speed.
0	I think they're just saying it in the sense that they are losing potential profits.
1	Another rounded rectangle with a touch screen?  WHY IS SAMESUNG STILL COPYING APPLE'S INNOVATIONS?
0	"I wrote a python script that takes a product on Amazon and shows you number of reviews and average rating based on ""purchased"", ""vine"", ""didn't purchase"". I'd say 1/3 being fake is pretty conservative to be honest. In a lot of cases fake reviews outnumber real ones."
1	Yeah, that'll help.
0	Unless they have both, the next-gen data storage that makes HDD look like stone tablets, and they have proprietary storage algorithms.
0	4th amendment.
1	No because National Security.
0	DEY TOOK YER BRAIN FRUIT!
1	You've clearly added the lacking self critique this thread truly needed!  Oh woe, where would we be without your insightful, significant insight that definitely added something of value!
0	It's not really a nail if it can't be used as one, is it?
0	Please be a troll. Please be a troll.
0	You know you have to actual describe the implementation in a patent right? It's not just an idea sketched out on a napkin.
1	Oh there are. In China. You don't want American jobs? You must hate America.
0	You do realize that when you are torrenting you are also distributing?
0	Don't hold your breath, it's going to be pretty much the same but bigger.
1	finally apple gets a break and make a bit of money!
0	Now somebody needs to make an app that can look at commercials and in the first .012 seconds synthesize a voice shouting the correct brand name.
0	Executive orders can pretty much stop some of these crazy laws honestly.
0	And how long ago was that? The vast majority of videos are now in HTML5 since that's what iOS/Android/WP7/what have you support.
0	Um, the side that innovated won. The side that copied lost. I believe that you are confused.
0	It wouldn't surprise me.  Apple is mad that samsung beat them at their own game, and samsung isn't going to give up the gravy train.
0	And then harvest their organs.
0	"My first thought: ""Prepare to be underwhelmed"""
1	Haha, its the worst
0	Age as in: having a bizarre stroke of insight because you don't know that you're not supposed to be thinking like that.
0	This makes them mass-producible by an individual in a rapid and consistent manner.
1	Because before Apple there was no such thing as a store.
0	Nailed it.
0	Blackberry is not the company, it's a product. The fact that you don't know that demonstrates one of many failures on RIM's part. Plus, as PF said, you're citing a few companies, not the entire industry.
0	Because they can.
0	Flash Drive.
0	Don't you hate it when the people you share a hobby with aren't the type of people you enjoy being with?
0	Really? I don't seem to remember that. How did it go from that to Microsoft's most well received OS to date?
0	"""I'm not saying it was aliens... but it was aliens."""
0	Ah, I did some research and you are totally right. I was under a misconception that HDMI employed a reliable packet delivery strategy. It doesn't. I guess it's more analogous to UDP than TCP.
0	huh? I'm saying that unified search is the current reality, and that one that expected it to behave different was UnexpectedSchism.
1	You should have used an ~~iPad~~ Surface to do that. Would've worked well then.
0	Get this shit off the front page.  What a terrible fucking article.
0	He's probably a Xbox gamer and appreciates that he can get gamerscore on the PC now too. :p
0	Well, different psychologists will have different professional opinions on what is 'reasonable'. However, the second concept could certainly be put into practice. Observe how the person interacts with others after a certain period of time doing the work, etc.
0	It is a mini version of the Metro Stat menu, but since I search every time I open an application, it works perfect for me. Plus, you can customize the menu to your needs.
0	I'm a scientist and I can confirm this.
0	This lost me at *the thrilling potential of SixthSense*.
0	This article doesn't even warrant it's author 5 minutes from me.
0	Facebook paid $1 billion because they were vastly over valued themselves so why the fuck not?
1	What an enormous FAILURE for Apple, right?
0	That doesn't make sense. Are you saying the labels get money if we buy it, and the artists get money regardless?
0	Very unlikely.  These kinds of deals almost always have a vesting period so that people don't just sell everything right away and leave.
1	I don't know man, couldn't this have a virus in it.
0	No, but if mods continue to abuse more and more power,  it will be.
0	Please reread my comment. I said the uninformed crowd are the ones who reject metro on the desktop without even considering it.
0	When a parent isn't worrying so much about money, they are able to concern themselves more with their children's education.
0	Yeah that would've been good.
0	Being as we're on reddit, I can't tell if you're being serious or not.
0	So name one company that, when I perform a quick Google search, won't have shown seriously questionable ethics in the past. Name one 'ethical company'.
0	The FTTH thing they are doing is quite an innovation in second-world USA. Damn pity that the cable internet monopolists have otherwise stopped innovation in its tracks. Google FTTH is the only thing countering them. It is shameful how corrupted the FCC has become, passive to some court case protecting the cable internet monopolies. It is such a screw job. I'm sick of it.
1	Yes, AAPL is the poster child for non-abuse of Patent Lawsuits
0	Nah, Wipeout.
1	It's what we do every day with the epidemic of depression and anxiety, so why not with suicide?
1	"""AND THEN THIS AT&amp;T GUY LITERALLY PULLED ME INTO THE ALLEY BEHIND THE STORE, PUT A GUN TO MY HEAD, AND MADE ME SIGN THIS CONTRACT!"""
0	FB had better not have my DL pic.
1	AT&amp;T doing something dickish? Well butter my butt and call me a biscuit, I would have never thought they would act this way.
0	It's amazing how fast and in huge numbers the USA can move it's people. Proud and relentless behind the right movement. With a little motivation and courage you could start a better age for mankind.
1	Yes, that is exactly why Facebook is in trouble: Mark's kicks.
0	If it's not money, it's something else. You. Can't. Fix. Stupid.
0	*Anyone* can turn into a terrorist. For the sake of the children, we need to lock up and/or monitor everyone on earth 24 hours a day.
0	"You did note my use of the word ""if"", correct?"
1	*Yes. Apple abusing the patent system by patenting gestures and shapes is my opinion and totally not what's actually happening as evidenced by multiple sources*
0	Literally Literary Hitler
0	Dude you can't even type that or else the Apple lawyers will have you arres-
1	Yeah, it's entirely United's fault. What an awful airline, letting her child go unsupervised like that.
0	Have you ever dealt with Sprint customer service? I am speaking from personal experience, it's awful.
0	spam
0	Donations come in quickest in the beginning and the end of a fundraiser. It will slow down in a day or two.
0	You guys are so fucking stupid
0	Nobody is citing statistics, so you can't say what the motivations are.
0	Yes, the solution to allowing people to live on stealing and being immoral is to just say they have no choice. Because that is sound logic and I'm the bad person for saying they are wrong. Cool story bro.
1	Obviously there will be laws on lawful use of them.
0	This submission is perfectly cromulent.
1	"Yeah, because, ""resize"" and ""zoom"" are such different concepts that going from one to the other is not obvious at all."
0	Cooler, but not exactly more useful. Printing smartphone technology is not exactly at the point they can compare with non printed ones.
1	Well, a tap is a zero length swipe!
0	I can't see any pinch-zoom in this video.
0	Fight fire, with GASOLINE!
0	A turd by any other name is still a turd.
0	That depends entirely on where you live.
0	I think the devs got fed up with answering that question and then named it WINE Is Not an Emulator. :P
0	"Simorgh translates to ""Phoenix"" in English."
0	If it's so pointless then why is Google changing their ranking algorithms?
0	Yiis please.
0	It's Lena the most famous playboy centerfold.
0	I'm normal! *I promise!*
0	"I like kTorrent on linux. It's not as lightweight as Transmission but it's on linux so it's never going to be ""heavy"" and it seems to work better with encryption and what not."
0	Perhapes I explained that poorly. Either of the left two hot corners opens a menu of metro apps running, if any. Top left click takes you to the last used metro app (as does win key) and bottom left always takes you to the start menu.
1	"Sounds like you don't want to ""win"" this war on terror!"
0	This was true for many years, but if you look at the gains of technological advance versus time and real wages, stagnation started about 30-40 years ago.
0	"Unfortunately they will get mine since I have to test in Modern UI's IE 10. However instead of using Win8's great new HyperV which is now there by default for testing in older OS's and browsers, Win8 itself will have to run in a VM. So much potential lost because they refuse to add a single ""disable"" switch"
0	It's been 13 years since Napster. They have continuously fucked up since then, and I think it's safe to say they won't ever learn.
0	That's google music, and I love it too. I was talking about using the Play store to buy media.
0	You don't need to know what you're talking about when you look good. He looks like he spent more time getting the angle of his helmet just right before the photo than asking what the machines behind him do.
1	Yes, Google should start censoring people because the MPAA and RIAA want them to.
0	"Every time I search for a solution to an issue I get pages and pages of fake ""ask me"" sites that have no information."
0	Jesus, Diaz!  You fucked up again!
0	Just need a tiny entry plug and Evangelion now
1	Lance Armstrong has been using this for years!
0	this sounds pretty crazy. and cool.
0	Yo dawg, I heard you like driving&amp;hellip;
0	I think eveyone has figured out, I'm just tweaking his nose.
0	Well documented, featured in multiple journals and magazines as well as news segments when it was introduced.
1	Yes, pornography single handedly killed a video format by making itself exclusive to its competitor.
0	There is no single definition of free speech. Free speech is a concept defined differently by different entities.
0	This Girard guy seems to need help reading his own charts.
0	Comcast subscriber here - have you tried turning your cable box off and then on?
0	HE WAS A CRIMINAL MASTERMIND!!!!1
0	There was no threat.  No intelligence of a threat.  No guns, no history of violence.  Two guys and a squad car could have showed up, knocked on the door, taken the particular machines the warrant called for (because valid warrants must state with particularity the things to be seized) and left without damaging the property or costing the taxpayer vast amounts of money.
1	...but you have all those sweet guns you're all so defensive about, 2nd Amendment and all.
0	They can be a little overzealous, but *damn* if they don't get the job done!
0	So NASA shouldn't use Facebook since they could just host all the press-related materials on their site, and maybe add a forum as well?  Get real.  People can and do discover videos through YouTube, and NASA taking advantage of this is a Good Thing, IMHO.
0	Do you suppose that's why the UK has such a high crime rate? Or are there other reasons?
0	I find it scary when people condone police acting excessively illegally and brutally, just because they believe the victim is a douchebag.
1	It's only illegal when other people do it duh!!! When the guy who gave people a site to post illegal media and then talked about enjoying that illegal media it's smart.  Don't you see?
1	Sudden moral outrage at something that has been this way for many years for every company! Can't wait until I forget about it again in the next 3 days or so!
0	I just pre-ordered one. This and holographic technologies is the future.
0	"Yes I did, I typed on my keyboard. Now any time you try to type, on your keyboard, the phrase ""By the way"" you will be hurting me. Do you want me to live in a ditch somewhere?"
0	Appeals are great if you can pay lawyer fees/have a lawyer who is willing to fight.
0	You value your privacy? Hmm... seems suspicious to me.
0	Looks like Reddit has become one of the dark places of the earth.
0	moot writes well, or at least as good as some articles linked from reddit.
1	"""There are two examples of recent mass murders where the murderer didn't use Facebook!  Clearly, the two are related, because *any sane person* would use Facebook!"""
0	Someone Bestof this man. Now.
0	The picture doesn't prove OP's case tho. Characters not in the list of !,@,#,$,%,^,&amp;,* could have been used.
0	Not American btw... but I never said he hates the US.. your strawman argument leads me to believe you are in fact a sock puppet account attempting to muddy the waters.
0	I'm sorry, but facebook? Really?
1	like such a place exists
0	Because the major news outlets are controlled &amp; owned by the people who benefit from stomping out piracy.
1	Yeah, What is so secret
0	So why don't those people who live there do something about it?
0	There's a NASA/JPL pay website for that at 2am EST, it helps pay for this ya know
1	Because 1 computer in the middle of a store (that's probably been tinkered with by customers) is a good representation and sample size **of every Windows NT5.1 - NT6.1 computer in existence.**
0	That's the point. Safety through obscurity.
0	They will record the telemetry, and there's also a chance of catching it on a photo during the descent.
0	And now we come full swing back to Whac-a-mole.
1	Yeah... but think of all the legitimate customers they'll get to fuck over on the way!
1	"Yes. A generation born and raised on receiving extremely low cost high quality goods is going to look back and say, ""*Boy, do I wish I paid extravagant prices for all these cool things I have. It's a real shame I got them so cheaply due to the increased supply progressing quality of demand at the same price. I sure do regret raising the standard of benefits received all my life*"". That's totally gonna happen."
0	was about to say is zuckerberg's dog's profile still up there or has that finally been banned?
0	Ahhh, AT&amp;T's 3G network barely works today. I'm probably one of the only people who runs '2G only' when it's convenient.
0	"Why did you ""ask"" about ""his"" use of ""quotes""?"
0	Again, patents make a number of *claims*.  None of the patents in question are actually threatened by an imaginary product that doesn't happen to satisfy the claims in question.
0	biased*
0	Psh, we'll just make our own internet! With blackjack, and hookers!
0	First time I saw a computer...and I had to ride my bike across the street. Something I wasn't allowed to do. 16kram, 4krom, tape drive and a b&amp;w monitor. My friend then got one that was upgraded to 32kram and the extended rom so we could program in pascal. dancing demon ftw!!!
1	Neither of them own the internet. It belong to the people that pay for access.
0	So much missing from the article. Is this just interpreting images of tissue samples?
1	This guy must be a pedophile!!! Watch your kids!
0	Why the fuck don't you hop on it and ride the fuck back where you came from?
0	Never ride a bus? Buy a magazine? Go to the movies? Go to a sport game? Buy a newspaper? Fly on a plane?
0	"It's the only site I've gotten torrents to work from. All these other ""me too"" torrent sites claim to have it, but just make you click through endless hoops only to have nothing."
0	Saving this comment for later
0	i want the new mininova.
0	"Well, ""force of nature"" has a certain implication of ""virtually unstoppable"" and ""incredibly powerful"". Not sure I'd characterize Anon as either of those."
0	You are part of the problem.
1	"Nope, but you don't always get what you pay for. Marketing shenanigans groom your perception of the bargain. If your experience varies from that of 9/10 dentists, or ""America (loves)""...then you should suck it up."
0	If you want to track down someone without having to go to court, a DMCA is the best way. If they challenge the DMCA notice, they have to provide contact information to you for their content to be restored.
0	One way or another, yes.
0	Well that's some nice unsupported fearmongering. Do you have some kind of argument, or are you just going to spout terrifying outcomes a la Bush?
1	So if we as a democracy chose to make slavery legal, then it should be. Boy unfettered Democracy is grand!
0	For what crime?
0	Still US based and has to answer to one of the most corrupt governments in the world.
0	Also has been working great on my G Nex.
0	I didn't change the context. Didn't change anything that would make a contradiction. Simply used the wrong word and changed it so people would not get the wrong impression of my honest thoughts.
0	Yea, people get a chuckle out of Steve Keen bringing up short guys with funny mustaches, but Hitler basically became a German saint when his first order of business was to tell his finance minister to toss the economic rulebook and go on a deficit spending binge.
0	Its not a molten salt reactor.
1	Gee, I hadn't even heard anything about it.
0	Indeed!
0	Wardriving?
0	Still impressive considering how huge their net profits usually are. iPhones are their bread and butter. It's usually pretty tricky to gauge because the cycle is about 9 months to the 5s. By Q3, more solid new iPhone speculation arises, people who bought a 4s and didn't get a 5 will wait for the 5s and so on and so forth at the same time costs go down. So 30% is pretty damn good.
0	That plant is very different from thorium **molten salt reactor** these guys are developing. Its a helium cooled pebble bed reactor.
0	lol
0	Welcome to the NSA, son.
1	Dude, Lotus notes. It's a revolution!
0	Says the guy posting on Reddit.
0	BREAKING NEWS: YOUR PUBLIC PROFILE IS PUBLIC
1	"""Well don't do anything wrong and the government wouldn't need to snoop through your accounts! Let them go through all of my personal information - my wife's naked pictures and personal shopping habits - for no reason, I'm sure they're protecting me."""
0	As long as that loop keeps Metro around you don't even need to bother. Kick that out and start from there and you will be doing something right.
0	"I initially read that as ""The Case for Abolishing Parents"" and started theorizing what rationale they might have for abolishing parents. Came up with a couple before realizing my mistake."
0	My CPU is a Neural Net Processor; a learning computer.  What do I need to do to make this work for me?
0	Awesome laws the hinder and prohibit progression sounds like Australia
1	can't wait to try doodle jump and temple run on my PC!
1	But... I just bought an iPhone. How can I justify my choice if apple has flaws?
0	not that bad - hardly a ringing endorsement.
0	The jar isn't an executable. Executables and Kernel mode drivers need to be signed.
0	Triple word score! 42 points plus 50 bonus for using all your letters!
1	Yeah, because java apps never have memory leaks.
0	Minecraft on iOS and android good! minecraft on the windows 8 app store? BAD. Don't forget it on the Xbox too. Notch, blow it out your ass
1	But it's a good representation of us.  White people always come out on top.
0	I'm waiting until something not unlike this can cheaply and effectively replace using a mouse.
1	Ohmygod I want that distressed looking skin!
0	If that phone is worth $200+, yes, I'm putting a case on it.
0	I was wondering why no one else had posted this. Where's that asshat who told me what a reputable news source the register was? lol
0	Yeah man, I usually wait for R5s.  Those are still hit or miss. :(
0	Compared to the mess to come, that's nothing.
0	For me, it's totally the hangover. Fucking Tuesday night.
0	Interesting...hadn't seen anything about this since JT announced he was dumping money into it
0	they've had that since google earth 5.  coming up on 3 years or so now.
0	They're all the elderly who equate internet with internet explorer. Their opinions don't matter.
1	And we still pay for this luxury even though the economy is *so terrible*.
0	I believe the self driving aspect cost a few hundred grand to retrofit each car, and the model S with the pack to charge at this station is about 75k. Combine and mass market produce would be great. All this for around 30k and the future is here.
0	it seems relevant that Romney *is* a fucken moron.
1	Gotta spend money to save money.
0	Sorry, but as someone who doesn't have cable, biking 30 miles to work and not having cable are apples and oranges. One is a genuine hardship, the other is a slight inconvenience.
0	yep! I don't think the company does the deal anymore.. It used to be $20, then they jacked it to $25, and now to $35. Somehow I only have to pay $25 a month though, I think it's just because I signed up so long ago and I keep paying each month, so my plan doesn't stop.
0	Good thing it week only cost you $20,000 every four years to replace the battery.  Super cheap on gas though.
0	Why Thunderbolt when we already have HDMI? We can't even make a dent in the throughput yet.
0	You could get e-mail through BBSes.  But the work e-mail suggestion was probably a better guess.
0	I'd say more people more people check the manpage than check the GNU info file
0	spacebook
0	OCEANIA HAS ALWAYS BEEN AT WAR WITH EASTASIA
0	Ours is 158$
0	Shhh... the guy is too busy indignantly posting to reddit to bother actually looking for the plan he wants.
0	Make a... what?
0	The Ancients who built the Stargates probably taught the Kryptonians. The Forerunners who built the ringworlds probably taught the Ancients. The Infinite Empire probably taught the Forerunners. The Crystalline Entity probably taught the Infinite Empire.
1	Not to worry.  Obama will stand up to this constitution-shredding.
0	Considering how much Apple makes on these things I think they can afford to pay the difference.
1	he obviously needed a bigger incentive.  (25% ownership wasn't enough.)
0	Yeah but from my observations a manager makes a nice premium over the rank-and-file engineer.  They also get a whole lot more stock options.  Plus, some managers aren't idiots, they just have the added responsibility of managing people in addition to their regular technical work.
0	He'll probably just make a hat made of waffles.
0	"Just one point, which is that this project wouldn't have been funded with the new rules in place. The 3 ""distributer"" backers at the ""get 100 kinkajou's"" level put it over the threshold."
1	Because everyone knows how easy it is to make games that look exactly like the concept art. That's why game studios never release their concept art when a game is complete - there would be no point! It looks just like the finished game.
0	Do you think Google's drivers collecting data are programmers or cartographers?
1	Good to see smoking is still around, and heavily enforced by teenage daughters.
0	"""Broke as fuck"" people still seem to find a way to buy $250 shoes when they could have gotten $20 shoes at WalMart."
0	If Lightning is related to Thunderbolt at all, the chip may be a line controller of some sort.
0	Valve does their own ads
1	another failure of apple's new maps - lacks crime fighting!
0	"to be fair, US carriers do have to spend a SHIT LOAD more on their networks than in europe (especially the UK). if they don't have coverage ""out in the middle of nowhere"" it looks really bad. and by US standards, ""out in the middle of nowhere"" could mean driving 5 hours without seeing a single gas station. western states have few cities, and FAR between."
0	You think this is bad, you should see what Apple is doing with the TSA!
0	If they don't really use that much data, then a cap is not necessary.
0	Uphill both ways, in the snow!
0	no one ever said all fifty cities had to be the same size as Kansas city, Google has something like 40 billion in cash and it would probably be plenty of government grants or local municipal bonds that would/could assist (my town for example, already has a fiber loop, paid for with a small tax increase)
0	You know that and I know that. We both know that the nutters threatening this actor and her family don't appreciate this.
0	I can't put my other useless junk in it so not really.
0	A second box contained moist, delicious cake.
1	"Apple Maps - yup it's ""Good Enough"" - believe it!"
0	entitled little shits!
0	Well, it's clear Apple's design has more squared round edges and is totally not an infringement, and that the Swiss must not be allowed to import railroads or chocolate into the US, and Apple is owed 40 billion in penalties by the Swiss Alps, which is clearly an attempt to rip off Apple's name.
0	What's it got to do with TomTom though? Apple decided to licence mapping data from them because whoever was in charge thought it was up to par and suitable.
1	It's like jailbreaking isn't a thing.
0	Yeah, what a bunch of cunts.
0	Because Europe.
0	I believe the point is that they should have left Google Maps in the app store for iOS 6 while they figured out Apple Maps.
0	I'm sure Google is loving this. Too bad -- I was really hoping Apple would give Google the finger.
0	You don't get excited when you fiddle around electronics?
1	Worthless ad.  Users of Samsung phones will continue to use their phones and iPhone users will be upset because Samsung is outright calling them stupid.   Great way to convert customers.
0	Or, you know, just dont pull the tab.
0	So you don't live in the Bay Area?
0	Do you leave the lights on when you go to bed?
0	So, is this AT&amp;T actually blocking Facetime on their network, or disabling it on subsidised contract phones? Because carriers disabling features on subsidised phones is pretty standard.
0	That is an extremely responsive screen/UI.   Most cars I've seen with fancy displays have shitty UIs and slow response times.
1	Of course they're excluded. THEY'RE AMERICA!
0	Sad to say, rival Caltech has been backing away from its earlier student freedoms and locking many things down, taking a harder line.
0	Apple being this big relies mostly on large (long term) buyers such as pension funds.. private buyers looking for a quick score aren't beneficial to them.
0	Sure? Not talking about things from last year. How do I find 1960's movies?
0	The speed difference was minimal at first, but is pretty clear now to me.  I see people with Verizon LTE getting 20Mbps while my HSPA+ tends to max out around 5Mbps and average around 3Mbps.
1	That seems easy enough for my grandmother to do
0	4Gs good, 2Gs bad!
1	Quiet down. You're going against the circlejerking with facts and information. Something we hate here at Fo...I mean Reddit.
0	you are right, liquid He for cooling.
1	a laser keyboard and holograms, good lord what will those dirty liberals think of next?
0	Linux.
0	And yet you're the one that sounds like a defensive butthurt fanboy.
0	Don't forget dark energy which basically expands space time as well.  If we can figure out how to harness dark energy that would also work.
1	"If it doesn't have numbers and ""mega"" or ""giga"" as an affix, it ain't innovation."
0	"actually ""less speculative than string theory"" means yes"
0	This has also been my experience, but that makes no sense.  As an computer/electrical engineering student, I have a basic understanding of batteries and power use.  2.5x capacity should equal 2.5x battery life if usage per hour remains the same.  I'm wondering why this fails.
0	No you won't, because you hate Apple regardless.
0	I'm no expert, but I'd think it's secure enough if RIM thinks it's good enough for its phones
0	SpaceX is profitable because of government contracts, not a real commercial success.  Solarcity doesn't have vision measured in decades.
0	Try our new quark souffle with meson sauce.
0	The CPU is going to at least be on par with an S4.  The GPU already is industry leading or near industry leading in the 4s, depending on the benchmark.  And they said they doubled GPU performance.  And in the past their estimates in their presentations have been REALLY close to reality.
0	Reddit seems to think so. I always get buried when I ask this question. I worked on automated cars in college and creating them was never seen as the problem, but getting society (especially lawyers) to accept them was.
0	they held a contest to see which city would be most helpful in the roll out.  Kansas city just got the whole city government behind the thing and cut the bureaucratic mess.  It's not less  regulation, it's just good lobbying.
0	You just contradicted yourself in one fucking sentience. Porn would generate FAR MORE money than this video ever could.
0	Many people already do that without any electronics whatsoever!
0	"they also use the word ""nor"" correctly, which is better than most of reddit."
0	Uh, do you think any removal of freedom by the government (eg. arrest and prison) is equal to being gased?
0	can someone familiar with religious history tell me if it's possible to get a kind of reformation of the muslim world like we had in christian europe?
1	Yeah, and women who wear skimpy clothes to protest rape are just bitches for inticing men.
0	Islam was created by a group of monarchs as a set of rules, codes and laws to rule their country. It is not just a religion, it is also a form of government by definition.
0	IMO the violent people are at fault for being so damn sensitive. It's a stupid video.
0	"I'd drop my cable provider for a (slightly) slower connection from Google.  People talk about how Google doesn't quite live up to their ""don't be evil"" philosophy, but they're so much less evil than cable companies.  Every time the check clears for my cable company I grind my teeth a little because I'm giving asshats like that my money."
1	Can't you see, the redditors were correct. The announcement was underwhelming and any of the people who would actually want an iPhone are obviously idiots.
1	And Telus! It's almost like there's a monopoly or something!
1	If I could upvote this twice, I would. I love a persons arrogance when it comes to what's actually causing their problem.
0	If you can download a movie in ten seconds, having a channel that carries a 12 episode season isn't going to kill you.  just go on the internet and use google.
0	I think over there they use kilometers.
0	That's all he seems to have accomplished lately. Quite appalling.
1	sounds like a terrible place to live
0	Try again. TNW that is their source has more updates.
0	I disagree, solely because I have yet to see a single piece of tech from Apple that isn't surpassed in every way by something that came out earlier.
0	Haha you are right.  BCI = Brain Control Interface.
1	That's a good way to get a lawsuit.
0	Nope. OP stated his price, then had a counter-offer (for more) by two different people. OP now can choose which counter-offer to take.
0	I have an iPhone 4 and the main problem with switching to an Android one is that I have already spent some money on apps in the iTunes store. I will have to spent on a whole lot of apps again when I switch over and I'm unsure if it's worth it.
0	Android phones have analog audio output, too, if you wanted to do what the iPhone does. That's what you described, right? A DAC on the phone? For digital audio, you can use USB.
0	Just tired of their business model. Rehash x 1,000. I bought the Wii &amp; it's basically a paper weight.
1	TIL thanks to toxcity that people buy phones *purely based on hardware*
0	It wasn't even a hologram, just a Pepper's Ghost.
0	I agree with David Brin's comments years ago, that one day, we'll be coming back to all the landfills, to extract all the resources ancestors threw away.  One man's trash really will be another's treasure.
1	He didn't *ask*, he *told*. Big difference.
0	Dumb enough to not use android
0	Which regardless of becoming a standard or not, Apple would have to pay a license to them.  They're not, and just incorporating the feature anyway.
1	Yup, because Apple manufacturers everything in the US
1	"AmIrightorwhat? LOL Just imagine if these had been created in America, with our base resource costs and labor laws...lawlz. 99.00USD baby!  ""Made in America!!!!!"" - fuck yea"
0	It squeezes burrito goo in a flour shell. This can be replaced by a squeeze tube. Fountain machines are not soda printers.
0	iPhone Galaxy 4S2
0	I daresay that I just want my phone to work.  It doesn't need to haul a camper or drive up a mountain trail or get 40 mpg or be a classic or haul 5 adults comfortably.  It is also not a piece of jewelry to flaunt about.  People who get phones to show off are, in my opinion, ridiculous.
0	DAE LE SWEDEN?
0	From experience, even that is far too complex for average users. In theory it sounds simple, but in reality users have a difficult time discovering these options, not helped by the inconsistent menu structure (in windows, at least).
0	OK, my misunderstanding, then.
0	That's like buying a $10k Hyundai accent and complaining it's slower than the Nissan GT-R. The GS2 on GB was wonderfully snappy and responsive. I sold my 4s after a few months after experiencing more app crashes then my previous 3 Android phones, not to mention the horribly plain and outdated UI.
0	I never said I hate Apple.  In fact in another reply I just said they were the first to get the touchscreen right.  You're putting words in my mouth.  And I only linked to that part because you were implying Android was origianlly built to be a BB clone.  It was built with both touch and hardware keys in mind.  You implied it was built to be a BB clone then only switched to touch after iOS was released which is not true.
1	That's a cut and paste example of copyright infringement!
0	Seems they did considering the patent doesn't even look like either an iPad or an iPhone in the least, aside from rounded corners.
1	I think you made a mistake, that's just the same image twice.
0	What's your boggle?
0	brb, creating a universe
0	Good and decent aren't reality. If you took these jobs away, many of these people would either starve or return to subsistence farming, and maybe starve.
0	Agreed, citing that, what's the purpose of doing this? We already have Smart Cars that use motorcycle engines anyway without all the expensive gyroscopes... They should use lower powered gyroscopes that allow you to lean into turns with a slight tendency to stand the bike upright.
1	Well, I'm sure the NSA will just gladly repurpose that brand new $2B datacenter in Utah, should Lamar fail this time.
1	When facebook and picasa can recognize faces with pretty decent accuracy, Id be willing to bet the government might just have similar technology.
0	How difficult would it be for the media industry to incorporate the flame virus in bait files in an effort to locate and identify people by their activity?
1	bringing down godaddy would get saged quick I'm sure.
0	Wooo!  Thank you!  So... by the math of the supervisors that work there... about 4 days.
0	I think we agree here.  Also attacks like these are stupid imo b/c it's a momentary attack that last at most a few hours at most versus the campaign to leave gd which had a much great effect.
0	It's cheap.
1	riiiight, all the major producers of media are actually totally ok with piracy. they're just making up excuses to gather MOAR POWAR.
1	Oh come on, Obama cares about each and every of us. He would never do anything to decrease our rights.
0	I think between Reddit and /b/ if the government wants a cyber fight, they found one.
0	I 2nd the motion.
0	No way. The next thing you know, they'll make selling fake lookalike drugs or defamating and slandering illegal.
0	"And doing ""something"" would just leave me with no degree, no job, and no change."
0	Radio Shack has 'em on sale right now!
0	"Ads dont neccesarily make you want to purchase that product then and there. you dont go ""ooh i must buy one"" all they do is inform you that they exist."
0	Don't people generally say that there is a need for proper legislation, not a particular amount of it?
0	Unintended consequences, the story of government
1	"Logical for them, yes. But as consumers I would assume this is our chance to escape the mountain of endless advertisements. ""Kindle Fire, now with ADVERTISEMENTS."" Oh, oh good. Yes, my favorite part of cable is my shows growing steadily shorter over time so you can fit in an extra minute of ""BUY OUR CRAP NOW."" Yes, please."
0	Yes, then you can seek revenge by sacking the government at the next election but not the heads of departments that pushed idea's through.
0	I've been doing something similar for years. A few hours after a meal I'm able to make my friends magically partake in the inhaling of whatever I ate earlier.
1	You're wrong, the TPP is all about transparency!
0	"Yeah I think it's hilarious that they're exposing Apple's flaw in the ""secrecy"" with their iPhones, but they can't get away with this one."
0	Yes, they do, but I'm loving it. :)
0	Communism?
0	um well i'm not big on changing headlines, but this one seems pretty clear to me. Is it the USTR and TPP bit?
0	You'll go far here, kid. Just as long as you don't speak in memes.
1	I'm surprised
0	What, an actual story of workers in China being forced to work at Foxconn?  Normally these headlines turn out to be a group of workers voluntarily working at Foxconn.
1	Great, another moonbat conspiracy theorist freedom-hating Al-Qaeda terrorist.
0	... No. Just no.
0	Good link, wish everyone could watch that.
0	I believe the iphone has digital image stabilization which is not nearly as good.
0	Its actually on a motor, so you get active stabilization.
1	But wait I thought private companies never advance science, we need governments to fund research.
0	i read somewhere else after posting about the Dem's making copyright protection a major part of their goals. I was unware of this prior and now understand your comment.  still GFY. ;)
1	Money Talks.  How can that not be free speech?
0	Fuck you! International voting blok ACTIVATE
1	"i'm sure this has nothing to do with the ""iphone media event"" scheduled for next week that people have been expecting since july"
0	Agreed
0	The only good response in yet another stupid Reddit response competition and you got no love.  Have an upvote
0	NO!
1	And of course the FBI would never lie to the public.
1	This must be true because the FBI would *totally* tell us if Antisec hacked one of their computers.
0	He does need it.
0	Thanks for the nudge. Stupid .doc file sent.
1	To reply, you have to fill in a Word .doc file with clickable form elements like checkboxes. This file doesn't work under any alternative office suite. Thanks UK government!
0	"That's a great idea. ""Rounded corners on a hand-held device"" seems like common knowledge to me, but apparently you can patent that."
0	Return it, buy a Nexus.
0	This seems far far more likely.
0	The problem with the system you're suggesting is it sounds like a planned economy, and those don't work. If you have a group of people assigning who does what then you don't end up with the best man for the task, you end up with nepotism.
1	Lol. The anti apple reddidiots feel foolish I bet.
0	Because the video is fake.
0	It is for desktop.
0	It's available to everyone in Australia. That's hardly nobody. Seriously, what do you expect? ABC doesn't own Doctor Who, they're not fighting piracy they're just offering a service to the people who pay the taxes that fund them.
0	Apple is not a greedy company. Steve Jobs is a greedy human being when he was alive, and so is the new CEO Tim Cook.
0	Did you have to describe every scene?
1	Hey, you can't go pointing out Samsung's flaws! They just got out of a nasty lawsuit with big, evil Apple Inc! They're victims! They're the good guys!
0	Yeah they were mostly volunteering in rural areas, so I'm sure that has something to do with it.
0	I guess they'd have to have a computer model of what control surfaces are effective at which degree of transition.
0	I'd wager you've never used Linux.
0	Magnet links, you can't explain that!
0	I read about the same as any other redditor on the oil spill and I never read that British Petroleum, at least in the states.
1	TIL Kansas is a city.
0	They are only waving the fee for the regular plans. If you get the free plan, you have to pay the installation fee.
1	thank you for the constructive criticism
0	Sound like they removed the microphone based on superstition.
0	...The Master bison race.
1	Why make the parents go through all the trouble of reading product packages, when you can just ban the dangerous products all together!
0	For a moment I thought you were suggesting killing the fools who banned this.  I must admit I liked my interpretation better.
0	"Although it *is* sort of special since few other companies are doing it, no? Once other companies do it, Apple won't have a reason to put ""Retina"" in the model name any more (although buzz words gonna buzz word)."
1	What a loser, paying too much for his laptop just to get the cute fruit logo on the cover when he could totally build a way more awesome device out of parts found at any Fry's for 1/100th the price.
0	If he was spreading misinformation to boost his hedge fund, shouldn't he be given a job with a major news outlet?
1	But... but... they're just shiny pieces of overpriced crap that sell to idiots because of marketing!
0	I don't have a toolbar, ads, or any apps. uTorrent is *still* the lightest, you can disable everything you want. Either people are stupid or they really like to complain.
0	You don't know what the owner did. He could have just brought it in from the dash of his car at 170 degrees.
0	"""Two weeks later..  they were Atheist."""
0	We must be too intuitive.
1	Unless we can get all of the animals painted in this stuff, then they would be more visible at night.
0	I wouldn't be so sure of that. It's not at all difficult to explore and learn as a child; that is what children are evolved to do.
1	Yes, we should put these little first graders in their place
0	I would vote Wozniak for Internet President.
0	I think I love you right now.
0	Agree, I did give MS props for coming up with a completely original idea for the Windows 7 Phone. Unlike Android.
1	I forgot that the ipad was the first tablet computer.
0	Your memory is extremely short. Before iOS, mobile phone operating systems were extremely unpleasant to use. People were buying iPhone 1s for $600 on contract with no third party apps because iOS itself was just ridiculously better than the competition. Since then the mobile landscape has changed significantly, but give credit where it's due. The guy may not have kept up with the times, but he helped revolutionize multiple industries.
0	It's kind of like watching the death throes of an old, angry, crippled, ugly giant. Someone should put it out of its misery.
0	"""How do you like my yacht, Mr. Bond?"""
0	Kindle books don't do that?
0	Just got the 32 GB Nexus 7 today. Hopefully it's much better than my old Nook Color running CM7.
0	"hahaha...the people that call themselves ""government"" claim the right to control people in this way, and people will actually let them? This is getting out of hand!"
0	It depends on how tolerant you are to a full screen start menu.  Other than that, it's just a faster version of Windows 7.
1	Exactly, we should all (obviously, of course!) go out and by spyware.
0	Apple isn't an IT company, they are a consumer electronics company that happens to write software.
0	You can just open and read pdfs from your file browser, don't know about other formats though.
0	I bought it over the course of a decade. Thats less than one dock a year. Though yes I do have too many accesories, luckily they still work with my various models of iPods. So no new iPods for me I guess.
1	Yeah, discussing the concept of user permissions not being the same as administrative positions is COMPLETELY pointless and doesn't apply.
0	So something has to be old to use a mouse that's nice.
0	The best part of the article is the mention that when the Firefox team switched to smaller incremental releases the tradition continued by sending them cupcakes.
1	Don't you hate how they quote the judge that made the ruling in the first place? They really have no dignity.
0	How is that a dick move? It's cake!
0	I'll always be on full disable. If you need want money for me to use your website, just fucking ask. You don't have to throw this tranny webcam bullshit in my face, I already know which sites to go to for that.
0	Does that include mills? I can make all kinds of stuff, including ICE on my mill.
1	I thought breast cancer was the only kind of cancer that mattered?
0	Unless you were having this discussion with yourself, the answer is clearly no. There's you and the guy you were talking with, but he probably secretly thought you were an idiot. So yes, you are the only one, but not in the way you asked this question.
0	I choose neither, but most of my grumblings are about politics in America at large and not a singular party.
0	Horses and bayonets
0	Ok then: As it is Facebook, I presume the reason for non-disclosure is that it is so backwards and insane that the engineers jumped of a bridge, so the knowledge is now lost for all forseeable future.
0	I used one at the Microsoft store here in Scottsdale and it is pretty lame for the 10,000 they are asking for it.  They also have a few at Disneyland.
1	But, but, but... gaben said it's baaaad, so it must be baaaad!
0	Self-sufficiency and being able to make and repair things without shelling out major amounts of money. Example try fixing laptops you almost always end up breaking some small plastic part. Now try finding and buying that part mostly impossible.
1	Retina Who? You mean the retina iPad that was released 7 months ago is going to be outdone by a speculated tablet that has no release date? My mind is blown that someone is actually releasing a product with improved resolution, probably 6 months from now. Certainly a first in the tech industry.
0	the first part of your post was relevant and correct, the second part you just went full retard
0	Might? There are lives at stake. Just put him on the list.
0	"""Microsoft, in your ass we go!"""
0	think pairing this to your phone to give you GPS in the car.
0	I don't believe I ever claimed that there are no good iPad apps, just that there are plenty of good Android ones as well.
1	Yeah but think about your social status. You no longer possess latest iPad
1	Dude you're leaking their *secret* transform!!!
1	Apple created tablets, ya idiot.
0	Are you sure? It sounded something like curve fitting to me? :S
0	Games?  I knew because I have a friend who had worked there.  He is sort of a snob for game programming only, but good at that as far as I know.  I question why he would go to Zynga given that he likes game programming and not the ... well whatever they made.
1	Thanks Obama!
1	I bet it also breaks the speed of light.
0	It doesn't, it's just a necessary loss.
0	Hey walking talking sack of carbon, come here *om nom nom*
0	Same thing.
0	A telephone and an alarm clock.
0	Whoa whoa whoa, you mean 5mm at the edges.
0	Wow, that reeks of desperation.
0	Then why would Bill make that comment during the launch week of Surface RT when the x86 Surface will not launch until 2013? Just to further confuse normal consumers who will buy the RT thinking that it comes with Windows only to sell it on eBay a week later after discovering that it does not do anything with existing windows software.
0	At the size and scale of Reddit, this is MUCH easier said than done.
0	"I fail to see your point, or that you understood my point. Li-ion batteries are way more expensive (hence ""tricky"") than carrying and storing liquid nitrogen."
0	That's a silly reason to avoid digital media. Music is DRM free already, so you can just copy it to your hard drive. Books with DRM can easily be stripped of that DRM.
1	Gee, that wasn't expected at all.
0	I build my own home automation systems. Does this count?
0	Yeah, that's of course a problem. For regular text though, e-ink is far superior.
0	You have to be trolling.
0	He is also the kind of person who goes on a thread of virtually any subject and talks about the lumia and how great it is.
0	Pirating movies, music and software is a cultural and educational revolution for the poor and destitute. Down with these internet providers! On the barricades! Steady, men! Torches and pitchforks at the ready!
0	No, not this time. I'm siding with Google on this one. IsoHunt is not a completely honest and law-abiding site and while it is unfortunate that fewer people will find the wonderful material from the Internet Archives, IsoHunt do kind of deserve this.
0	I bet you can hear the 2001 theme playing whenever you walk into a room where this is up on its kickstand.
0	"Better rush to get those ""Post to Facebook"" achievements!"
1	Oooo, shiny iPad!
0	"""Sony announces 20-inch, 11-pound table"""
0	One of the main problems is they're operated by people who only need a GED in order to be qualified.  Would you want someone who hasn't even graduated highschool radiating you?  Also they're banned for safety reasons in the EU.
0	And we all know if the government says something, it must be true!
0	I can only imagine that Steve Jobs perfected the strategy of walking into a meeting with both middle fingers raised and *still* getting what he wanted.
1	And there has never been a successful technological revolution in the course of history has there?
0	It's because Apple has balls of steel and they don't take shit from anyone, carriers included.
0	There is no menu button on stock JB devices (Nexus 7/Galaxy Nexus)
0	So let me get this straight, exposing kids to insightful and interesting information, while also teaching them critical thinking skills via the scientific method, makes then smarter? I'm calling bullshit.
1	**No.** This is a satanic study designed to brainwash our youth!
0	Like a tablet?
0	iAppeal
0	That's a lot of rusty wagon wheels.
0	For the price of an iPad, I'd rather get a cheap laptop.
0	Because no one is going to bother to copy it until they see the company who made it raking in the profits.  Also, no one is going to buy from the copycat unless they sell at a substantially reduced cost or have somehow improved on the product.  In practice only a tiny minority of inventions would see the problem you describe.
0	UPVOTE THEM ALL
0	Part mob mentality as well :)
0	Yes they are. Average Joe will get his ass sued into bankruptcy for even daring.
1	Yeah, all the other big tech firms pay peanuts in comparison.
0	We just need to make an indestructible computer to read it, which is connected to an indestructible generator.  The generator would have be attached to a bike with clear drawings on how a human like person could pedal it for power.
0	damn Government, stay outta my business
0	The bonds to which I am referring have a 6-month coupon interval.  Thanks for downvoting me during a serious discussion.
1	What if a virus could be engineered that turned a normal human into a super human?
0	"*Clearly it states, right here in chapter 90, section 567.3, subsection 54b, paragraph 702, sub paragraph 15d... ""members WILL NOT take photographs, images, drawings or other public recordings while wearing OFFICIAL GOOGLE vestments, garments, uniforms or other attire"" you WILLFULLY and PURPOSELY disregarded said rule and you are now subject to immediate termination, good day sir!*"
0	Fuck you nigger. youre a nobody, you just leave shitty comments. You should get off reddit. also commit suicide.
0	Why would they sue Apple? Also in response to you thinking they could win: ha.
0	"There is on most newer phones, it states ""Extended"" when you're not on Sprint's network next to the signal bar."
0	$25,000 a year for web hosting... what the what.
0	I don't need any of the x86 stuff.  I just need a browser and office really so I have something mobile, everything else gets done on a desktop.
0	"This was probably some manager with little IT knowledge who found out the project under his umbrella had ""some legal issues"" and pulled the trigger too quickly out of fear"
0	It is if all their traffic do it
0	It increases the power differential between us.
0	Someone has to be buying all those iPhones.
0	Say I've got a wall of light switches, 8 to a row. Thousands of rows. They are my light switches, my physical property. There's someone who makes a living driving to people's house's to set their switches, either up or down (1 or 0) in certain orders. Why can't I just set those switches to whatever order I want myself, and cut out the middle man? Or look at what order my switches are flipped in, go to my friend's house and set his wall to the same order?
0	i for one, welcome our new japanese tech overlords who will give us faster internet.
0	It turns out that free speech doesn't include a right to be heard in any forum you please. Otherwise we'd all be in line for a front-page spot in the New York Times.
1	Lol Google owns blogspot and youtube. Yes, I'm tired of seeing Google in my Google.
0	Yacht can be quite crispety crunchety with a savory middle, if you are Godzilla or Cthulhu.
0	The only real excuse for them outside of assembler that I have come up with is exception handling. A catch/throw is basically a prettified goto statement.
0	Doesn't change the facts that the article was wrong. Microsoft doesn't, Google does, and that's why no one cares.
0	Slacker
1	So let's install a back door into every American's computer, that'll make us way safer.
1	Thank you for your valuable input
0	So many Chinafags in this thread.
1	Good thing Apple doesn't steal intellectual property though.  Otherwise this might be embarrassing for them.
0	A Quick format only deletes the journalling part of the filesystem, and puts a blank filesystem on top.  A full format deletes everything and in addition does a checkdisk.
1	That's the guy who wrote James Bond, right?
0	His life 'command Q'
0	That gaudy splash with the american flag looks official to people?
1	But isn't the government necessary to help the poor and arbitrate disputes fairly without an evil profit motive?
1	SHIT YEAH HERE'S MY MONEY
0	I noticed this isn't in the dutch terms of agreement change. Figures because this wouldn't hold up in any court here anyway.
1	Yeah. Good thing sexist people *died* and I hope all sexist people just die already.
0	Using an alternative consists of getting yourself a merchant account.
0	I would imagine that in 99.9% of those requests users don't zoom. Why not just provide higher-res in those cases?
1	I thought only people in the US had Apple products, you mean we aren't exclusive?
0	There isn't. You have to mail it to their litigation department via written letter delivered by snailmail. What a joke.
0	Apple has become the new Microsoft, except where Microsoft bundled and bought out competition Apple is using patents on obvious things to attack and destroy their competition.
0	7100 seems a bit high? Citation?
0	How do I get that job???
0	That's rucking fetarded.
0	Guess they will have to stay home. If kids are good at one thing it is how to rebel.
0	Stock market is only rivaled by the casinos in Vegas.
0	Reported for PI.
0	"That sounds like a lot of bullshit to me. Technology companies need to innovate and take advantage of new developments in the tech ecosystem. Facebook isn't valuable because they've got a great ""web"" app. They're valuable because they have a billion users. If you need to go with a loss leader to get those people to use mobile to access the service, that's business."
0	One things for sure...China *already* knew where that base was.
0	Prob is most people don't download *music*
1	Haha omg you are sooooo hilarious. Please keep commenting, please.
0	And she's still clenching.
0	Wow, another iPad killer. Like all the other iPhone/iPad killers.
1	Duh, the only one that matters, AMURKA.
0	Reddit gold?
1	Yes, of course. You'd have to be a silly person to be concerned about MJ raids, drone strikes, cyberprivacy, etc.. if both Romney and Obama agree on them.
0	Seriously, torrent with I2P. By doing so you will help grow the network and provide cover traffic. They actively encourage things like torrent, unlike Tor, which discourages torrent usage.
0	Ummm Never. Monopolies aren't broken up anymore. The crappiest form of competition is good enough. So if you have a cell signal, no matter how weak, there is competition so no trust. When you buy the rules you have them written in your favor so it looks like they actually restrain you.
0	Boiling oceans? Where does that come from? Waste heat from fusion power generation? The point is that, for practical purposes, fusion power could provide energy for all of the foreseeable future. Without boiling the oceans; we don't need *that* much power.
0	oh nice.  I'll probably wait till the new Zelda game is released though, i've gotten away from console gaming for the most part.
0	And small companies wouldn't copy the ideas of large ones? It works both ways
0	Neat! The Oatmeal sure sparked my interest in Nikola Tesla.
0	That's totally untrue, SpaceX is profitable even without NASA contracts.
0	Whoever made this account is both unclever and has no idea what people think is funny.
0	This is dumb.
0	This is entirely false. There are still several innovative technologies in the pipeline, including use of supercapacitance and of nanostructures.
0	1 well placed bullet and there goes your laser (well the lens anyway).
0	NASA: dusting off blueprints from the 1960's and pretending its awesome.
1	Thanks for predicting the future, can you tell me what the stock market will be doing in 2020?
0	it is Foxconn who produces products for a lot of companies... NOt just Apple. But they have the big swinging dick, so people automatically assume anything wrong with Foxconn assimilates with Apple
0	I think the point was more like: we care less about horrible working conditions when it comes to keeping the costs down on things we like to have.
1	So, with ebooks kids will get fatter?
0	And besides being fast they are hugely parallel so GPUs don't really compute *a* hash, they can take however many passwords as they have cores (and, for example, Nvidia's current top end model has 3,072 cores) and run hashes on them all at once.
0	Though first-come first-serve inevitably leads to squatting. I prefer a Web of Trust model.
0	You let them have control of a virtual machine that you can dispose of later - basically a setup specifically for fucking with them, with no consequences for yourself.
1	The FBI wants you to pay by moneypak. Sounds legit
0	Kim Dotcom has been a pretty good guide on how not to conduct operations of any sort.
0	I'm just going to print some gold instead.
0	The majority of call centres use voip with a local dial in number so it appears to be a local call if you have caller ID. It is higher quality than consumer voip though which is why you haven't noticed.
1	Thank you.  I've now reconnected with my mother.  Reddit, you're the BEST!!!!
0	DAAMNIT
0	can we class action them against their policy of auto updating what we never agreed upon in the first place?
1	I love how speculating articles have headlines that pretend to state facts.
0	"No, it's ""rediculous"", which is closely associated with ""bluediculous"", ""greendiculous"", and the most extreme, ""orangediculous""."
0	Yes. Companies need to be made accountable. If your company can only stay in business by cheating people, it should not exist.
0	Isn't that the rate with most businesses?
0	same video was also just as popular the year before
0	It's a nice phone, but like with the iPhone, you'll probably want to get a case for it.
0	Why can't you just send the magnet link?
1	Nice to hear they are creating cheaper and more eficent ways to kill people.
0	I really hope it all works out for you guys.
0	"It's not the politicians job to improve a company's bottom line.  If they are meant to die out from lack of innovation and competition then so be it.  Too bad that this is allowed to happen though. I'm surprised that internet infrastructure hasn't been made a public utility yet though.  It's not just a ""thing"" anymore.  It's vital to the function of society and should be a public good."
1	As well as California, something about that place makes things cancerous.
0	Dude, I'm an apple fanboy and most of what you're saying is Grade A shit
0	I'm in Australia and guns were banned after a mass shooting. However about 50% of illegal guns today are ones which weren't handed in.
1	Well obviously the development team that manages software distribution is the same team that handles lawsuits. That's how big business works isn't it?
0	Except, in the end, she paid the fine. It's the equivalent of admitting guilt.
0	"He specifically asked the DMV if the plate could be ""meaningless"" and they said yes. I'm about to do the same thing. 0 and O, 1 and I look different because of this font - but I swear they look nearly identical in person, speed camera pictures are even better because the picture quality is shit."
0	Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead...yet clearly you are still alive.  Sir, I'm going to have to bring you in for questioning.
1	Hell yeah, justice!
0	oooooooooooooooooooooohhhh watch out we got a bad ass over here
1	but..... pastels and rounded corners.....
1	Why don't they just lower the yellow light interval so that its impossible to stop before it turns red like another municipality got caught doing?
0	Radiation is the strongest method of heat transfer in a vacuum and occurs whether there is an atmosphere or not.  One thing to keep in mind is that in a vacuum, radiation is the only method of heat transfer, so it is possible that the system would not be able to get rid of enough heat via radiation. That is something you can only know by running the numbers, however; which I can't be bothered to do.
1	PACQIUO FOR PRESIDENT!
0	You wouldn't download a pdu... Would you?
1	I'm sure that will stop people from doing this forever.
0	I guess I meant to say battleship, destroyer is really the wrong term as I guess those are smaller vessels.
0	This article is almost 100% useless.
0	that is not open sourcing a design, that is copying. please, do not interchange these terms.
0	And the big pockets on the front of Starter jackets.
0	Social status.  That's what it's really all about at an evolutionary level.  Capitalism ties social status directly to the accumulation of capital, but it hasn't always been that way and doesn't need to remain that way in the future.  The profligate greed that we see today is not a feature of human nature, it is the product of a flawed economic system that failed to accurately map social reward to social contribution.
1	No, you see, if you get rid of government money all of a sudden loses its ability to persuade
0	wow, never thought of it like that before.
0	I don't know that there is a real practical use, but who cares, practical is boring.  Who doesn't want a laser that can set stuff on fire though?
1	Yeah, way to solve the issue
0	This is why I rip and stream all dvd's and blue ray's now.
0	Maybe, maybe not but it's definitely a development that has been posted to reddit a LOT this week.
1	Totally didn't see that one coming!
0	Fuck that. Houston, TX should have gotten a shuttle. Fuck those guys for bringing it to CA.
0	The electoral college?
1	I'm sure Anonymous will be all over this, because no one blocks the internet on their watch.
1	Right, so that's why large dense cities have so much competition.
0	Hmm.. how long does it take to establish an data connection and send a compressed collage of images or video through and how long would it take to triangulate the transmission are the main two factors I imagine.
0	Are you able to communicate with him through the phone with no internet?
0	Thanks. I'm on mobile
0	I don't know the percentage of computer users who personally upgrade their computers, but if there's a large enough demand then someone will uphold a market for it.
0	How many upgrade CPU's without a motherboard upgrade? Just about nobody? That's what I thought.  Let the fear-mongering continue.
0	I live in Boston and have been very pleased with RCN
0	Maybe... thing is, the average person I don't think cares. Aside from a few techies I know, everyone goes for bottom dollar and jumps from one cheap promo to the next regardless of speed. My dad for example pays like $20/mo for a 3/mb tier, 30mb is only $30 where he lives. My friends parents are the same way, 24M DSL for $35, or 5Mb for 18 on promo, they get the 5Mb plan. When that promo expires, they'll go for the next cheapest package they can get.
0	Well, I mean, so did I when I first saw it.
0	Children and pets cant read warning signs, if it fits in their mouth, they'll swallow it without question.  My nephew went to the hospital the other week due to swallowing a magnet.  For a child to pass through their digestive track is a painful thing to watch as a parent.
0	Not if he agrees with it, silly.
0	Not one single part of this thread was about internet infrastructure. The entire thread is about internet/tech regulations and policy.
0	So...kinda like the ones the Russians use in submarines?...the lead cooled ones.
0	well done
0	I absolutely agree ISP's need to step up their infrastructure, but I think thats beside the point that we were discussing (ISP's blocking server-like communication).
0	That's not bad, but it's not about creating a new platform, it's about taking existing licences and putting them all in one place for purchase.
0	"Or, most likely, believing the genetic computer which would create an AI would have any concept of ""morals"" at all, or consider them relevant to the ""solution"" to human problems."
1	wAR?
0	While that is true, that precedent has only been made a couple of times in US courts, not Canadian courts.
0	Sorry, did my fun offend you?
0	There is Swiftfox
0	Cheap parts wont necessarily be slow. They might be inaccurate.
0	The DoC has authority on paper, but doesn't actually run any servers.  You can look, here's all 347 mapped out.
0	I do not agree with your definition of schools. Some schools should be dedicated to a certain subject. I do not know which level of schooling you are referring to but, yes, one should be introduced to many subjects in their beginning of the education, but then a person needs to hone in on the subject they enjoy, refine the skills there.
0	This is exactly what I meant.
0	Coding involves skills that are incredibly applicable to many other activities. The ability to take a large complex system and break it down into chunks that can be handled by the realtively limited set of commands and functions in a programming language is what a lot of other things really boil down to. The problem with teaching it in elementary school is twofold. First is the fact that there is still a depressingly large percentage of teachers, particularly at the elementary level, who would, if given the chance, never touch a computer.  Second is the matter of time. They are already trying to do too much with too little time.
0	It changes once a month, by the time you criticise it it's different.
0	I honestly don't mind Facebook. I think it just depends on what you're looking for. Used as simply a way to keep in touch with people you wouldn't normally be able to, it works just fine. And frankly, I don't want the hassle of switching to something more dynamic, or new.
0	I think you meant you have concluded your opinion based on the 'bits' of information you've been fed, biased or otherwise.  Pleb.
0	Which is why you'd better use crypto.
0	Sorry.
0	Look at the design of the boat.
0	Phone was left. Or right. Probably yellow
0	... What?
0	Pretty cool. Might want to x-Post to r/Bass.
0	Or Stargate SG-1.
1	Yeah, cause if you are rich you don't deserve equal protection under the law!
1	Well, that's not a conflict of interest.
0	No they don't, they just have old shitty eyes and want everything bigger.  Show them the wonders of DPI scaling.
0	This sounds like a badass idea but as many others pointed out I would go broke.
0	Anyone else worried about how our intelligence agencies seem to do everything terribly sloppy and outside the law? I'm sure its easier to get away with things when you are dealing with people in the 3rd world, its only when they take on people with money do we get to see the incompetence at work.
0	So fire bomb un. Got it.
0	The problem is school systems getting paid by how many bodies are in the classroom, rather than how much they learn.  This is the root cause of the RFID problem, and many other problems in school systems.
1	Yeah right, and they won't be able to tell either from you 200-Dollar haircut, your 500-Dollar shoes, you 800-Dollar iPhone and the 100.000-Dollar car your butler drives you to school with.
0	And unlikely
1	It's about damn time.
0	Saudi Arabia is the world leader in equality.
1	Saudi Arabia - where women become pets - God willing.
0	Lol. That is serious bullshit. I know men that are incapable of logical thought and I know women that are more capable then any man I know. So stop being a stupid troll.
1	Yup. Now that we have guns, nobody needs training to use a weapon skillfully
0	"Every ""local"" RIA in the world is beholden to the MAFIA because $$$."
0	It's a human wearing stilts &amp; a robot costume. Look at the way the legs move.
1	That's $5 a week worth of a little girls pocket money they those poor record companies were missing out on. Completely justified.
0	You really think the Internet is the only freedom we have left? That's only because you take so many for granted.
0	On a toaster, can someone reply saying I see what he did there?
0	Except... he posted it to reddit. That's a direct link.
0	Some privacy regulation would be nice.
0	Agreed... to get to the hilt of the matter you have to pay more if you want more than balls.
0	Nothing has been proven to the point that a company has won a lawsuit.  Basically what happens is that a couple bad reviews pop up on your Yelp page.  For some reason, Yelp's algorithm sorts them to the top of the comment page.  Yelp then emails you about an offer to advertise with them.  If you do then you get control over how Yelp sorts the reviews, and thus can hide or bury bad reviews.
0	dude i gonna haxx u so hard my brother is admin at micro$oft
1	But then how will the US authorities take action against the enemies of the State?
0	Yeah. Have an ad company whose sole purpose is to make money and mostly nothing else take over everything in the tech industry, because that has worked SO WELL in our favor with companies like Apple, Microsoft, the RIAA, and the MPAA.
1	Let's just skip the robots and go right to the plot of a Star Trek TOS show.  Let the computers simulate attacks on other countries and us and then have people report to disintegration stations when the numbers and areas come in that were destroyed in the simulations.  Nice and orderly.
0	WTF, Poland?
0	AT&amp;T can afford to give us fiber optics. They just aren't because no one is making them do it, and its much more beneficial to them to not do it. So, they aren't.
0	Actually, he couldn't care less.
0	The actual patch is about 1GB, the reviewers who had the Wii U earlier to review games on had to download a 5GB patch.
0	I think you'd be able to give your car your credit card number and it would automatically fill up itself without waking you - at least that's what I hope for these for the future... I want to be able to travel the country by driving at night - get an autodrive RV and wake up in a new city every day
0	you accidently a meme
0	Traffic laws aren't really... What's the word for it? Enforced here in the States.
0	I disagree. It's like going through the ghetto waving hundred dollar bills.... you're going to get robbed. That doesn't make the people that rob you any better, but don't act like it isn't common knowledge to not do it.
0	Why not? I'm sure they have a little over 600TB sitting around free!
1	Yea, can't we just have a civil conversation about this, you faggot?
0	With even more DRM!
1	Golly gee, I wonder why?
0	If everyone in America boycotted **any** industry for a year it would implode.
0	Well, the fact that every other party is rather niche and / or the candidates for it do not get 5% of the vote, ever.  That is the main reason we do not have a third party, because to get a third party people would need 5% of the vote for federal funding.
0	How long did broadcast television remain free?  To the audience, a long time.  To the advertisers, it was never free.  Follow the money and you will understand what is the product and who is the actual customer.
0	And yet, a douchebag still protests.
0	I remember seeing that on Doctor Oz.(family watches it, computer's in the living room)  He explicitly stated that there's arsenic in apple seeds and then goes on to question why there's arsenic in apple juice.  Clearly you don't have to be smart to hack people apart with a scalpel.
0	What the fuck did they expect?
0	I don't trust the government with anything.
1	format
0	Incorrect.  It has EVERYTHING it needs for LTE over Band 4.  It has a compatible power amplifier and transceiver.
0	And how do you know it isn't? I thought it was common knowledge that Israel uses 'Internet warriors' to sway public opinion. It's a valid concern considering how bias this whole comment thread looks. Just because someone doesn't back Israel doesn't mean they're 'siding with terrorists', what a morally bankrupt argument.
0	this must be answered!
1	Yeah cause that's exactly what your people need to do more of.
1	That's because they would be Maori ghettos.
1	Yeah, trying to integrate the populations to encourage a peaceful resolution of this conflict is a terrible idea. All Israelis should just die.
0	"""Ridiculous."""
0	Despite the flam-war starting headline, they own the patents for the virtual page turns in iOS. Not in general.
0	My Brother laser printer has been using the toner it came with for over 3 years now. Stop buying fucking inkjets.
1	I thought that was how stimulus worked
0	Your post may have got all the lawyers out of hiding.
1	yea, it's not like AT&amp;T and Verizon are duopolies
0	Dear Google, buy Clearwire.
0	Yes! An android phone on a carrier that DOENS'T suck balls.
0	How many robot designers does the world need? In the relatively short time I've been doing it, the amount of effort needed to design a new one has maybe dropped by 10x. So much can be done now by one person with the right set of automated tools it's pretty amazing. Couple that with standard off the shelf parts and standardization and it gets scary.
0	Your employer pays for your iPad's mobile data?
1	No!  Profit is evil!  Profit only breeds greed and inequality!
1	Right, because wind, nuclear, tidal, biofuel, hydroelectric, solar, etc. are much worse than fossil fuels.
1	either that, or the stray cats. and stray cats doesn't produce energy
1	Yeah! Expressing your opinion is so stupid! And the ones who post links against homophobia are the worst! If you're really against it marry a person of the same sex! Do something concrete!
1	Yeah but they seriously fucked up the Nexus 4 release. *unforgivable*
0	Er... There are petroleum based fertilizers?
0	I think it's fair to say that whenever any one company holds as much market share as MS does / did, things can go awry. Better to have more companies / people in control, to make standards and practices more democratic, and more homogenized.
1	Damin right, so much more programming on Linux, but don't forget that Windows has all that coding.
0	They are.
1	Hipster
0	Redditor for 3 years
0	No, they're not. They represent their localities and their states, not the U.S.
1	Is that what my iPhone 5 runs?
0	fetching stellar data....
0	It's about 700 times faster than my Internet at peak speed. Real world speed during the night ( about 5 - 11pm is peak) it is about 3500 times faster.....I think
0	Will Sherlock ever shit?
0	That's Kansas City Missouri not Kansas. Sorry we're very specific about it.
0	Read the article. It's only the 6 discs he's being charged for.
0	You just need to sync some viewpoints.
0	Better in every way except storage.
0	I was thinking about buying one of these and I'm glad I didn't. The Droid DNA looks better.
0	It doesn't have 4G LTE, which is largely irrelevant to the majority of potential users.
0	So Microsoft will be going to smaller more frequent releases?  That'll be interesting.
0	Settling out of court only happens *when there is a pending court case*. You can't settle *out of court* unless there is *court*. You presuppose that the SBB were going to take Apple to court - that has not been made clear in any official statement from them.
0	You should really check out one of his books. I'd recommend downloading American Gods or Stardust and then buying some more of his stuff from there! (The 10th Anniversary Edition of American Gods is really well put together!)
0	You forgot to include every other phone manufacturer.
0	Could be using a dvorak keyboard... a and ' are above and below each other, both on the left pinky finger.
0	who keeps giving apple patents for shapes?  and why have they not been fired.
1	Imagine E.T. (Atari) being released for PC if consoles never existed. That game would have blown our minds.
1	And the LG Prada was the answer to the iPhone which hadn't even been announced yet. You haven't been paying attention.
0	I feel bad for sperm counts.
1	I'm sure there is a technical reason behind this and they aren't doing it just to force people onto Windows 8.
0	"Cool ""tech demo"", but this would never be anything but a proof-of-concept idea."
0	I'm inclined to agree with him, What does the UN accomplish besides some public service ads, some slight charity and an olive branch to the people who hate us irregardless of if we play nice.
0	Well you see Fandroids call anyone a fanboy who doesn't join in on their anti Apple circle-jerk.
0	Plenty of countries copy American products. Say what you want about patents, Even Google warned Samsubg to not copy the iPad too much.
1	I know, NASA can't get people or cargo reliably into space.
1	All I'm hearing is more high paying jobs being added to the economy!!
0	no, he repeated some common objections to the patent system that are easily refuted by econ 101 level arguments.
0	Why invest millions to develop something knowing you may not recover it due to lost sales?
0	Exactly. Why is it the governments job to protect poor business model?
0	(Pro)toss imba?
0	that's fine, though your full time job should be making sure you employees are happy and loyal -- to avoid leaks in the first place.
0	No it was not contempt of court. It was exactly what they were told to do. The tone was a little sarcastic and they dragged their feet. Get over it. Every company would have done this.
0	Not without scrolling I can't. And to be pedantic, I just counted and I can only see 12 stories at a time, I need to scroll for any more to be visible.
0	You want a technocracy then. I think China has one, and it seems to be doing alright for them
0	So, basically reimplement DNS, except far worse.  Right.
0	So the US government hates it when other countries censors the internet, but wants to do it themselves.
1	No way man, Reddit is too underground to be influential!
0	Urethracast?  Are they taking the piss?
0	It's like sports teams, people like to be fanatic about their side
0	Fosters Be-ah
0	And the box kite.
1	Right, because there's no way Romney would have signed ACTA. Romney totally strikes me as the anti-MPAA, pro-consumer type.
0	Assholes.
0	That's fine for him, because his new site isn't live yet. But it would be a horror show for an established domain.
0	"The definition of DRM is Digital Rights Management.  This has nothing to do with your ""rights"" to use the hardware.  You can use the mouse without the software.  So no, actually, you are categorically WRONG about this."
0	Synapse 2.0 gives you an infinite amount of profiles. Memory on the actual device is limited.
1	It's only unprincipled when it can't make you money.
0	I'm genuinely surprised. I though Microsoft surface (their tablet) had an ace in the hole called microsoft office. I really thought that Microsoft would milk this for as long as possible as a unique feature, especially since this is one of the main selling points for Windows RT (Microsofts tablet OS)
1	And there is NO WAY AT ALL that this entire thing was done by the US Government to try and stop him in any way that they can.
0	I don't have one...Maybe i misunderstood you,but it's Linux based.
0	TMTM
0	Still a camera and wireless charging isn't going to make people give up there sleeker, lighter phones.
1	We should have government step in to regulate!
0	Updating a product every 4-6 months *is* **fucking retarded.**  Thatsthejoke.jpg
0	"I was pretty pissed when I realized my 17"" MBP from last year didn't have a SD card slot. Some people think the eSATA slot I have is better but frankly loading all my cards on a dongle is annoying as fuck when I look at the price paid for the computer."
0	Too many choices do not a happy consumer make.
0	That depends on how much it bothered you.  It makes me want to face-palm, but I can't with my glasses on.
0	Sweet Cthulu, THIS IS AWESOME.
1	Shit, I'm sorry for being born after '85, I tried my best not to.
0	Unless they make a Metro version, No. The RT only runs Metro Apps, the Surface Pro which will run Windows 8 Pro (ie the real Windows) will release in a few months and can run anything
0	All I got from this is .... this is how the human race will end. At the high-speed hands of robots WE created.
0	RIP thing that really taught me how to type and that I used to flirt in elementary school/middle school/high school.
0	Yeah- I bring it up because it's about a no good crook distributing smut and winning the court case against the us gov.
0	And what period in particular is going to convince me that copyright should end at the border?
0	Nah, I'd never pay retail for Apple. Second- or third-hand from Craigslist is way cheaper.
0	Because he says its ok to consume products we didn't pay for.
0	I would t worry about that until their stuff isn't so damn crappy.
0	They throw money at developers who have popular apps on other platforms.  If you don't have that, Microsoft won't pay for your development, but they will definitely help you through the process of making apps, I sent one e-mail to a guy at Microsoft, and he ended up sending us 3 Windows Phones to my high school, and Microsoft representatives to help train my Computer Science club.
0	It's kind of like asking if a Honda Civic is on the same level as a Rolls Silver Wraith or an M1-Abrams.  The QuietKey is perfectly serviceable, but I doubt that it'll be running 30 years from now.  A Model M will be.
0	"What sucks is that those stored pictures could be used as ""evidence"" of a crime should someone claim that you stole their nude pictures."
1	Isn't Verizon legally allowed to snoop and steal your information?
0	Linux Repos are faster and wider . You could use the GUI manager to install stuff or install more than 100G of sotware in just one command.
0	Better than any other alternative like having multiple closed source operating systems.
0	Kudos to MS, but being out-terribled by Oracle and Adobe isn't *that* impressive.
0	hahah the amount of downvotes this post has is hilarious
0	I didn't respond to the things I don't care about. I responded to the funny idea that I was talking about your age. Don't worry about it, you can go play now.
0	Kill the seed and no one can feed.
0	Wasn't there also an iPad from wonderbra or something?
0	Ses pool? I think you meant cesspool. Sorry, but by one of the most important enumerated rules of the internet (while there may be more rules, we'll only deal with the most important countable subset of the rules of the internet) any grammar error will instantly invalidate your entire argument. However, by another important rule, a clever reply that is either witty (puns will oftentimes succeed) or a well-worded and colloquial grammar error free (I am very much against general grammar nazism, but your error is unfortunately not correct in any colloquial use I have ever seen) refined restatement or expansion of your original argument will suffice to restore your honor and earn a reassessment of your argument.
0	Ever since I played WoW I always judge my spending in Free to Play games in 15 dollars per month increments. Oh it's been 3 months since I bought a skin in League of Legends? I'll go buy 45 bucks worth of Riot Points. I like to think of it as a way of keeping my spending in check.
0	So the innovation must be the fact that it did all those things well instead of half assed.
1	The problem is that everyone at Apple is inside the reality distortion field and therefor fully incapable of comprehending the judge's orders.  They have to hire and train a new employee or deprogram an existing one, therefore the 14 day estimate is actually reasonable.
0	A story from RT posted to r/technology, no less. And a pro-TPB one at that.
0	where are the ads located? I can't find it on the apple site
1	"Oh well this is sorted then, you and your ""younger kids"" have successfully proved that Samsung are copy cats. Because you know, kids are fully privy to all information about court cases, design patents and patent law and are never ignorant/blind to anything because of the ""coolness"" of items are they."
0	They took it too far.. Could have been merely snarky by quoting the the judge saying it was cooler than the Samsung offering... Nope they muddied it up with other rulings from other countries.
0	Modern day boogie men, or should I be pc and say boogie drones, are not hard to find if you look.
0	Every time I hear his name it's because he's losing money. Where did he make his money?
0	Exactly.
1	Because all the patents they have applied for has been new and never been used before
1	yea because this years been awful for movies
0	I think he meant terrorism... unless we're attacking tourists at airports
0	Linux is free as well.
0	Fair enough. With the increase of WiFi available I'll have to deal with jackasses using Skype, Facetime and the like.
1	And fifty pounds of antibiotics.
0	don't breath in de_dust kids, those 1's and 0's are harmful to your lungs.
0	At the very least the factory workers who will be handling large amounts of carbon nanotubes should be educated and given good protection from inhalation.
0	Fine, add another decade to Ray's prediction so that computers will be 2^5 times faster than they'll be in a decade. Still not long enough? Add another 10 years. We're still only talking a few decades here.
0	The reason Macs prior to Apple using Intel could not load anything except Mac OS was not an Apple restriction, it was a technological incompatibility.
1	This is why they all need to be voted out....except for my representative.
0	Of course there needs to be retaliatory force used.  I already have said that.  Just not initiation of it.
1	O yea, in my 10 years of owning them a small dip is really hurting
0	Statistics are better than you think. They tend to be right.
0	Yes, this is an American problem only. Facebook and social media doesn't exist anywhere else in the world.
0	Is anarchy still anarchy if a bully coerces you to do things?
0	The grace of Janus.
0	Both the Fred show and Marvin Marvin are live action.
1	The New York Post or The Verge...which of these highly credible journalistic publications should I trust for accurate information?
1	It's just a few more years, guys. No need to get upset.
0	Good ole Wal-Mart
0	"Apple hasn't patented multitouch, they patented specific gestures and behavior relating to multitouch. Big difference. There is a reason why Apple hasn't sued google, LG, Sony, etc, even though all of these employ multi touch in their devices. The same with ""rounded corners"". Used in almost all devices, but only one company got sued for them? Maybe Apple doesn't actually have a patent on rounded corners? *(hint: they don't)*"
0	"Could be  a bunch of old people trying to type G for Google into their address bar - does Firefox automatically use the ""I Feel Lucky"" search if it can't resolve the DNS?"
0	"""Let's decide whether we'll keep funding spy programs on Americans before we come up with a plan to stop overspending."""
1	We must starve the beast, no government is good government. They'd probably just use those computers to try and prove the global warming hoax.
0	except you still need to provide the material.  We'd be shifting from an economy where we buy processed goods back to one where we buy raw materials and then make stuff.
1	They should totally check his astrological chart too.
0	I think he was trying to raise it, and then make it free for normal users, while companies and the government would have to pay for using it.
0	seems so.
0	They do not as far as I'm aware.
1	Yay, eugenics. I am so thrilled that eugenics is being taken seriously again.
0	Thst's a few source code line changes.
0	it's a picture of some folks playing with their phones in a kitchen, maybe they are cooking dinner. There is a big cock in the corner of the shot.
0	Magic Mike.
0	There actually is, a fair bit.
0	You know, I've been testing this lately and my speeds are not showing up correctly on that. Im getting over 2MBps downloading files yet it only tests as 2Mbps on speedtest, which should be testing at least over 12Mbps.
0	How *you* doin'?
0	The animation looked cool and all but... where are the actual tires? Have any been produced and tested? If so what are the benefits compared to traditional pneumatic tires? Cool animations are pretty cheap, where is the substance?
1	I thought Microsoft only knew how to copy
0	"I googled ""positristor"" to see if I could find any references to such a thing (not)existing. Turns out you were the only one, congrats."
1	#KONY2012
0	Real money, is something that can be used anywhere within it's country of origin.
0	If he's anything like Dr. Seuss, that should be a fun read.
0	We already won that. Eat it, Mayans!
0	That's not really a good place.  Nobody ever upvotes anything there except for cases.
1	You sound very well informed on all the information about this case.
0	I just had to reconfigure my APN to get imgur to work on my mobile. My provider instantly claim to know nothing about it and that it wasn't a problem with them. I believe they are trying to throttle usage, though I wouldn't think browsing reddit would use much data.
0	That is a very cool and interesting link.
1	Now they're all on Psy's channel
0	Can you name a single COD commentator that this has happened to? I don't know of any.
1	Obma iz su gr8 bro.
0	Hopefully this will lead to new disruptive startups entering the Japanese market and give the Consumer Tech market a reboot. Like what Tesla, Lit Motors and Fisker Karma (If only they could fix that spontaneous combustion problem) could have done if we didn't bail out the Combustion Auto Industry.
0	Smart in the sense of getting a CEO payday, not for the longevity of the business. There are tons of horror stories of acquisitions withering away under bad directorship. (Flicker, delicious, anything from the dotcom bubble etc)
0	I fucked your mom and don't want her family to find out.
1	So much lost, isn't it?
0	This is what many people overestimate the ability of large companies to move fast. Startups have a fear of large companies moving into their space. With large companies there's always a large amount of beauracracy, this slows down productivity and ability to execute. I've seen many people spin off of large companies to build something quickly just to get bought back again.
0	How far away is the nearest house that has cable?  Can you just talk to the neighbor, to see if he wants to go halfsies on the bill and run a coax line to your place over both your properties?  Perhaps run it along a fence or something so it's not just lying on top of the grass?
0	The R&amp;D involved to get one click shopping to work every time is not trivial, nor is it something that would have come about naturally given the way the banking system works.
1	I can already tell that this story is going to be as big a hit as the Apple patent one!
0	They went to a professional film makeup artist!
0	Is there any such thing as a free benefit?
0	I pay 80 for 20mbps.. i'd love to pay 80 for 1gbps google come replace comcast!!!
1	It's probably harder to randomly scan and preserve packets for the RIAA/MPAA.
1	"That's the exact same spirit that the fathers of the american revolution felt. ""I don't care if the brits know where I go, who I meet, what I say. Cause if I have a problem, the brits will come and help me."""
0	At least they don't have datacaps.
1	for safety reasons, right?
0	Yup. I had to do some upscaling of resolutions (contract job) on one of those little SUN boxes they have. No Keycard, no output. Even if it was just a 'testbox/demo model'.
0	Quite
0	It's been over 60 years. Why are they still there?
1	Yeah, its not like the technology is going to get better or anything.
0	Google translate has that as bowling, but I'm guessing it meant blackjack.
1	In a switch, I promised not to steal from you again. Trust me!
0	Yeah, I agree there is a difference. I was just mentioning the case because there are a lot of similarities between that scenario and the application question you posed, and most summaries of the case give pretty reasonable arguements for either side.
1	Right pricing and service have nothing to do with piracy.
0	and now you know why Instagram was explicitly not allowed to sell your property.
0	Mobile devices are mostly closed however.
1	Oh look a company went public then it went to shit. This is new and unexpected - no one saw this coming.
0	Exactly. Now that Facebook is actually public and investors have full access to their revenues and profits, they can't just hype it up anymore to insane levels. So now they will be increasingly incentivized to ad more ads and all sort of annoying stuff, until the user experience is crap.
0	Like I have the right to tell you to go put on a dress and dance in the subway. It doesn't mean a damn thing, to you.
0	Why does a calculator need color? They show a photo of houses with lines superimposed across the roofs, but what purpose does that serve? A black and white screen with a higher resolution would be just as useful 99% of the time.
0	"""We TOLD you it was all about the fucking Benjamins, but you wouldn't listen to us."""
1	Haven't you heard? It's more important to develop an F-35 that can't land. That is more important to our nation's future.
0	I don't know. I've never wasted time doing something I knew was going to be bad. Usually people listen. If I couldn't convince them, I'd get someone else on the team to do it, because that code is going to need constant tweaking.
0	That's because you could plug in another keyboard at that point. But if you were at home and only had one keyboard, yeah it is sort of a slap in the face.
1	Surely this cannot be true.  I have been assured on multiple occasions that the unfettered free market would never allow something like this to happen.
0	scope-creep?
0	Remember, it's all fun and games until you find an instagram picture of you and your significant other under a Valtrex add.
0	what i find truly amazing about this, is that the Simcity games are perfect for when you are offline - when travelling for instance... this is suicide!
0	What would be the point with the sort of internet caps we have?
0	I know not all 4chan is anonymous, but I thought all anonymous was 4chan?
0	You sure it's not the drugs?
0	I would switch if they offered cable Internet.
0	They are? Because it seems like people selling music and shit on the internet would be the sellers.
0	30 down 5 up for 30/month in Wisconsin!
0	Virtualbox?
0	If anyone posts the link, it will be removed by mod and may result in the banning of the poster. Go hit google, do not ask in this subreddit.
0	That video is creepy, got to love anon
0	Anything that portrays Apple negatively will work these days, honestly.
0	Wait, what vote? I never even saw something about that!
0	There should be a law that nullifies WBC's attempts to sue or get any legal protection under the grounds of being akin to a modern day KKK (minus the burning of black people and the funny hat-masks).
0	Misconception but close enough
0	MTBF= mean time before failure
0	Hobson's choice
0	but Google maps were always available through the browser, and now that Google released a native app it's a non-issue and has just added more choice.
0	I would disagree with that point. It's the citizens' job to monitor and control their government. The government has no need to spy on its citizens without probable cause.
1	I think you misspelled 'plebs'
0	Good thing laptops don't have cameras installed on them or anything.
0	Where the fuck is 3D printing???
0	I'm on sprint. So, ya know, full speed all the time.
1	No way dude if all i own is a macbook then microsoft is totally, like, irrelephant.
0	I wouldn't consider the Boy Genius Report a credible source of technology news.
1	Yes, that's right Dell. Your struggles in the mobile device market are due to the fact that you used android, not because you made shit devices under a name that has a shitty reputation already.
1	Yeah, there's really not that many pieces of living origami that use computers.
0	Agreed. After living in Michigan for four years and moving back to Seattle, the nights feel much colder not because of the actual temperature but because of shitty insulation.
0	I thought people were exaggerating until it told me to turn left while driving over a bridge.
0	That is exactly what started this whole thing. Turns out the iOS user base is too important for Google to lose so they backed off on their bluff.
0	hello google fiber. you can't arrive fast enough.
0	I pay $60 for 6Mbps and 60GB. Pretty pathetic.
0	Hell, in Canada too.
0	Yes, this is more feasible. I, personally, would use my phone for that though, but that's just me.
0	And heavier, and slower.  Integration breaks more easily as well.   I prefer to keep my phone and computer blazing fast.  A big meaty program that slows everything down for a few services that I don't even use would drive me nuts.
0	"I disagree. ""What the fuck"" is the first thing I said when I read about this, in my opinion anything that makes you, literally, say that is worthy of r/wtf."
1	But without the government, who would invest in green energy?!
0	I don't have a good source, but I've heard that mentioned at least twice.
0	NYC please! We're dying out here.
0	Please let them start in Canada.
0	Reddit search doesn't find it.  Hmmmm.
0	for you, because like you said, you have very specific things you are researching, but for general things, bing is pretty consistently better.
0	Very cool fo notebooks, but I don't want one in tablets, one of the things I like is that I can use my iPad however I want, and it will not heat up (too much) up you cover some spaces. Also 4th generation is pretty fast and it doesn't need any non-passive cooling.
0	Apple needs to realize that in some cases, they gain as much or more by having certain apps available on their devices than the developers themselves do.
0	Since it can't be solved in all scenarios to the perfect degree don't even try? Thats stupid.
0	PLEASE GOOGLE COME TAKE OVER CANADA WE WOULDN'T RESIST
0	Makes me glad I have a dumb phone.
1	I think they're getting ready for the day when people have more than one internet device in the household. Why anyone would need more than one device, I have no idea. Furthermore, I'm not sure if we'll see this day in our lifetime, but I'm glad to see they're thinking ahead.
0	Obviously, but that has nothing to do with the likelihood of them expanding.
0	Or would we be compelled to let the simulation run its course to see how things unfold, changing input values for different iterations of the simulation?
0	Ha. Pretty much.
1	You must be a scientist
0	That's not why it was done. We did it because we want as little government control over the Internet as possible.
0	So it's exactly like theming an iPhone without having to jb?
0	You can register your work with youtube and there is an option in the controls that says how you want to handle others using your stuff - takedown or monetize (allow ads and get paid for it).  Anyone can do it.
0	"I think you're right, he's just enforcing copyright in a different sense than we typically see. Typically it would be some company taking down other videos to channel everything to the official one. By not taking them down but ""monetizing"" these videos he's enforcing in a different way, and given the scope of its viral nature, I'd say smart way."
1	"Oh man, I can't count the times I've thought ""I wish I had a phone with a literally indestructible display as opposed to a very durable display right now!""."
0	Well, read the user comments.
0	Well the last time Microsoft was unable to meet a Holiday Window it was Windows Vista which was a disaster for the company. Microsoft also has OEMs it has to please, and nothing pisses off an OEM more than missing a Holiday sales season.
1	That's it! Apple is faultless here, it's all the end user's fault.
1	Yes, this will totally happen.
0	She in Houston too?
0	It might be safe if you took your swag with you.
1	People who buy apple stuff are stupid ?? that's news to me !
0	I was just playing along, helping you feed your brood.
1	If there is a road follow it, also following rivers works pretty well. 99% of the time this will allow you to see another human. Once you find another human loot and kill them and take all of their gas. It is the only way.
0	That's what I meant. If they notice you've tinkered with the firmware - no warranty. They wanted it to become illegal but it was ruled completely legal on mobile devices so they *still* have to do something to stop people from doing what they want on their devices. Must. Keep. Control.
0	It's iPhone, not i-phone. Learn how to spell it, Acting Senior Sergeant Sharon Darcy, lest you look like a fool.
0	Windows 8 RT is the iPad version of Windows, and they haven't been whining about no Firefox on the iPad.
0	Because they make a lot of their money from mods, so hopefully they'll realize that and design a console that's mod-friendly.
0	If it's inevitable that big business will ally itself with government for its own benefit, then removing government intervention would result in more competition, this consumers would be better served.
0	Steam can not run on Windows 8 RT. Or, more so, it can run, it just can't be put in the App store, so a user couldn't install it.
0	And FreeBSD can run many Linux applications faster than Linux can.
0	What's this University referral scheme you're talking about?
0	The answer is to increase the number of representatives in congress.  More congressmen means less power for each congressman and more power for each voter.
0	Sure it is. That's a drop in the ocean as far as real economies go.
0	yeah cause the government knowing how fast i go and if i change my oil  is a huge breach of privacy.
0	A recent breakthrough using high voltage DC could be used, existing gauge sized wires would be able to increase the amount of current through an existing transmission line.  However, with the increased current, there would also be more heat disappation.
0	So what is google doing?  Putting logos on them and calling it a day?
0	No google taxes, just ads on everything everywhere, mostly too subtle to notice.
0	God, thank you. I wish I could give you two up votes. This is exactly what I've been talking about. If people put in half the effort learning the new UI that they put into complaining about it, there wouldn't be any complaints.
0	Yes, because every plant in china is a sweatshop.
1	in the world ! that's amazing !
1	Picking the masses over the wealthy elite is pinko commie muslim terrorist thinking! RA RA RA!!!
0	It is a lot easier to put in wind farms than a coal unit. As long as the tax credit is going I suspect this would be the case.
0	Yes
0	No, no, they don't. I do training sessions all the time and I have to try and remember not to use keyboard shortcuts because it breaks us off onto a 10 minute tangent (however, if I'm running short I'll throw them in just to stretch out the time). We are currently in the process of designing a basic computer use program to teach these things to normal users (students and faculty at a community college).
0	I'm sure there's tax incentives to producing domestically too.
0	"My feelings get hurt more when people say ""you're"" instead of ""your""."
1	"Foxconn CEO quoted as breathing a sigh of relief and saying ""Phew, I'm glad it's just the Macs....we don't make that crap anyway."""
0	An economy gets better paying jobs by accumulating capital over time.
0	"Looking soley at a word's denotation is wrong and absolutely not how the English language works.  The connotation of ""consumer "" applies perfectly to digital files.  That definition ignores something that I would argue is a pillar of our language just to try to be political.  I personally love the idea of FOSS type stuff, but the FSF is loaded with idealists with no real grasp on realty.  They then present their ideas as fact.  They're almost as bad as the people they're fundamentally against."
1	Hell, why not give the Chinese the credit. They invented the Abacus.
0	There's got to be a better way to rate vendors as well as reviewers reputations, so that no matter how bad your review, it can only be as damaging as your good reputation.  Begging the courts to resolve things with force is a poor substitute for a good technological solution.
0	I'm sure you would like if ads were perfectly created for you and your needs, which means that advertising has a future and that they're not inherently bad.
0	Maybe, but would you rather have politicians in the U.S. control the Internet or politicians in China\Russia\Middle East control it?
1	Nope. In no way, shape, or form is that creepy.
0	Maybe if they didn't advertise how you can make music clicking it and produced a product worth buying with the ecosystem to support it they would have stopped me from writing this giant run-on sentence.
0	Higher prices can quell demand. What's not to understand here?
0	I'd put 1984 right up there with Huxley's *Brave New World*. Both of them should be on anyone's lifetime reading list.
0	You had to google Yoko Ono???
0	I bet he'd love all the kitchen jokes too.
0	Sounds scary.  This is one of the reasons I have sshd running on port 443 at home.  The port is never filtered and the packets would most likely look like regular browsing to someone who was watching.
0	Yeah, at least she realized she was wrong and just shut the fuck up about it
0	I bet it was.
0	I'm sure we all knew that.
1	I don't know, it sounds like he has read a few articles about guns so he must be knowledgeable
0	Just install Linux on it and run chrome full screen nothing lost but much gained.
0	So for college, you'd rather carry around an iPad and a laptop to every class versus taking a Surface Pro. Personally, the idea of taking notes with a pen on my tablet make it an amazing product. being able to open it for CS and program as well is also a huge plus. I almost can get rid of all my notebooks, except for the classes that need them.
0	Didn't Ang Lee blame poor ticket sales for the Hulk movie on people sending negative texts about it to friends, and so wanted to ban mobile phones in cinemas?
0	Just because it costs money to develop doesn't mean it has value. It just means it cost money.
0	There is a patent on patent trolling.
0	They still need a power converter, and as everyone will build them with shitty capacitors those will only last a few years.
0	"I've seem this term ""price point"" used a lot recently. What does it mean? How is ""$6 is a good price point"" different in meaning to ""$6 is a good price"" ? Is it different, and if not why the extra word? It seems to be a fairly new 'thing' as far as I can tell!"
0	Mostly cardio.
0	Your statement was that they go out of the way to prevent user upgrading with this design. The replier argued against this allegation. You were not saying what he said.
1	Maybe for a mac user! Amirite guise?!?
0	Unless cheaper beats free, there's still a potential for savings.
1	They need to get a patent on this technology ASAP.
0	And there was a successful class action suit against the entire record industry for price fixing the proved that they were artificially inflating costs via collusion, all along.
1	I think people shouldn't be given anything. It's too dangerous. They should just pay.
1	"I'm sorry, I think you meant ""stealing""."
0	Pretty sure Australia was involved.
1	because the first manhattan project brought so much good in the world right?
0	no fapping for ten years
0	Derpdie doo. The solvents in the batteries hold far more energy than the batteries them selves will ever hope too.
0	Citation?
0	Your only supporting example contradicts your claim, and I'm missing the point.
1	Nope. Just 10 years ago. Before that, nobody ever pirated anything.
0	I'm not quite sure how I missed that.
1	A former member of an organization that benefits greatly from copyright law being put in an influential position of the copyright office? I don't see any conflict of interest there.
0	By this logic, Gandhi was a petty criminal.
0	This is going right back to Big Ben.
0	Holy crap. I just spent 15 minutes looking at people's internet connection speeds. What is wrong with me?
0	OP is probably paying for an entire bundle, not just internet.
0	THE MOST NEUTRAL ACCOUNT IN EXISTENCE!
1	Wait a second, competition is a good thing?!
0	This kind of bullshit would make me hate them more; though, doing nothing would make me hate them more as well. To me, they really can't win from this situation because they've painted themselves into a corner, and there were a long string of conscious decisions to get to this point.
0	No, they're at the dry cleaners. ;)
0	Do me! My username is screaming for it.
0	"Just abbreviate ""Blackberry Job"" and you're all set."
0	No dice.
0	Confirmed.
0	Yeah, I need to find a 64gb HD or two. I dropped mine for what seems like the 100th time onto the pavement a week ago and the screen cracked a little. Still works, I just know the end is near : (
0	That would be lying, because nobody tests mpg without all that shit inside.
0	And what exactly does this have to do with Microsoft's Tablet ?
0	Sounds like a total waste. For starters how many kids are there that actually want to learn how to tinker with computers? Second, British kids can bloody well afford Raspberry Pi's, why not donate them to some poor country instead?
0	"Because it the device that makes Win8 actually useable. Or so I've been told anytime I've complained about Win8 on a non-touch machine, ""just wait for the Surface Pro"", they said. Now apparently it's not the right device either."
0	bilalhouri did not mention the ban at all.
0	This is what it sounds like for people looking to point fingers.
0	...By creating a new signup for one of them right after they start doing this???
1	"Sweet. A ""study"" based on feelings. That's great statistics right there!"
1	That is not at all going to be abused.
0	Palm oil maybe
1	We can address the problem by eliminating the welfare system. If you're not working, you don't deserve to eat.
0	I haven't had the change to use it myself. Care to expand on that a bit more?
0	The issue is that a civil issue should not be a criminal issue. AT&amp;T is more than welcome to sue an individual for breach of contract if they unlock the phone.
0	and this is why apple stocks is slipping. investors dont care about bunch of kids in china, all they are about is profits. after jobs death, the company started caring more about their ethical image than their products and bottom line, it's driving investors away.
0	For everyone I know it's the *only* reason to use Google+ at all.
0	Bread?
0	You rang?
0	Personal Audio, LLC is still getting away with the patent to podcasting. They even beat Apple for pete's sake.
0	Picked up an Ascend P1 last summer as a bit of a gamble. I don't regret it at all. Its only flaw is a rather quiet 3.5mm audio out port. It is stable, speedy, and sleek.
1	Yes, this will severely hurt our quality of life.
0	Is there actually any easy way to do that?
0	It will depend on what kind of desk you have that fits you, can move keyboard and mouse anywhere
0	2K is significantly smaller than 2560x1440.
1	I think it will be overpriced and oversimplified touchscreen PC's that are so thin that they will snap when you breath on it and that they are too large to feasibly carry.
0	Tell that to every developer in my department. Laptops are not always slower for development work. They're plenty fast enough, unless you need 24 cores and 24GB of RAM. Anything that big you might be better off with a cluster anyway.  It's not 1995 anymore. The only thing I would like to have would be an SSD because disk I/O gets to be a big limiting factor for the kind of work I do. I've never really run out of  CPU or RAM on this box.  Maybe it would be different if I did photo / video editing.
0	why would google enforce your rights? you want to petition the government
0	its great how butt hurt you are about how terrible your country is.
1	Actually if they ever do install these things all an attacker has to do is get a pair of infa-red goggles and they will have a huge advantage... everyone else will be blind in the smoke... yeah... great idea!
0	Only if they have some kind of magic which makes already existing guns disappear.
0	Want to take a crappy picture of your mediocre lunch with a terrible sepia filter?  I'm gunna need your ID, citizen!
0	i have an upload of.... well 1 mbps. does that mean that i will be able to stream 720p gaming ?
0	Transcodes (converting from one compressed audio format to another compressed format) are forbidden on the best music trackers.
0	You're a post-production producer, it's your job to know this stuff. Here is a cheat sheet: h.265 is better quality than h.264 but uses more processing power.
0	"Microsoft Windows: ""It's like your first time, every time"""
0	Google will be happy about that.
0	Don't those companies also have a lot more products?
1	We obviously need to use One time pads.
0	"If memory serves vendors said ""well our Win 98 drivers worked pretty well on XP so we should be fine waiting a bit"" not realizing that vista had completely changed how things were done.  Win 7 did things the same way but by that time the vendors had all patched their vista versions."
0	but Singularity will happen.
0	That's what i said. The capitalism will die. That's the only hope for humanity.
0	There's cool windows you can look through to watch the bunnies work.
1	But...but America is important!
0	I always stopped starting.
0	Isn't basically all art drawn with the Human eyeball?
0	Looks like it didn't stop Android from becoming popular over there.
0	Cars in general would have worked better, but 150 years ago.
0	Yeah
0	That's deduplication
0	Did you seriously register that the day they announced the rebranding? Bravo.
1	Tim Cook should be fired.
1	Another nail in the coffin.
0	And of course *still* no support of any kind, merely a poor attempt at sounding clever.
1	But they deserve their profits and by god our governments will make sure they get it. If not for them we all would be in the dark ages.
0	I don't think that is correct actually.  All it would mean is that the minority of users would be using a forked chain.  They would recognize whatever their protocol says is valid while the government, even with 99% of the power (hashing power, not number of users) would do nothing more than fork the chain.  I think that's how it works.
0	"What country do you live in that requires you to have a visa in order to leave? Or perhaps you're confusing ""getting into another country"" with ""leaving your country."""
0	It would have been hilarious if it wasn't free, then to see it posted on pirate bay for torrent.
0	Yup, their equipment, their responsibility.
0	I was on the kids side until this comment.
0	Whatever you may think of Kim Dotcom and what he's done, you have to admit, the way he used the FBI against itself was masterful. It's like tricking a missile fired from a ship at your plane into turning around and hitting the ship's bridge instead.
0	Stuxnet toolbars!
0	Florida here... out.  They are saying it's their provider
1	"It might be a guy's name, but it's not a *cool* guy's name.  Certainly not as cool as ""Dotcom""."
0	As long as you dont have to sell your right testicle to watch it, it should help get around the bullshit copyright infringement that lawyers love to clog up courts with.
0	I bet the Google legal department is a bit like a stodgy lawfirm.
0	More like they didn't say anything so their lack of authorization is assumed to mean that anyone can go in the break room.
1	It's like floppy disks, serial ports, and flash, you will always need them and they will always be relevant.
0	But he was Bill Gates' college roommate so I am sure he's right person for the job.
0	Stupid Yahoo is blocking their signup mails, too.
1	WA State resident here. I get 2mb DL. Reddit works so fast and smooth you wouldn't believe it!
0	And it makes all that blood leaking from the trucks very wasteful.
0	Ha - it's already over.
0	Yup, a relatively old medium just overtook the second youngest one there. That's how much Hollywood are slowing down progress and innovation in how their content is distributed.
1	You're totally right! There isn't a chance anyone could actually like the product! I'm so glad we have you around to save us from other people's opinions.
0	yeah, that's... what I'm saying
1	I can't believe they never advertise Diet Coke.
0	Oh that are just the script kiddies. You dont want to annoy people who can trigger a foreclosure and closing of credit on you.
1	Proof? Maybe a trial? no? Just shut it down? Maybe just kill the guy? After all, it seems he's a dick!
0	What is sad about JK is that she made so much money she now does not have time to write and has not written a good book in a long long time. When artists make too much money they deprive the world of their talent by enjoying the billions they own and ignoring those who would have loved another 6 harry potter books.
0	Yay! Off to visit Te'o's girlfriend!
0	Also, if you don't torrent brand new torrents and keep a quality anti-virus program updated, any viruses should be flagged.
1	Totally! There is NO CHANCE anyone could like Windows 8
0	He's a goddamn bond villain.
0	So, pretty much like any other Hollywood or WallStreet Mogul then.
0	"They could easily defend the copyright while allowing *some* free use of it. They don't need to quash every ""infringement"" to hold the copyright valid."
1	I dunno. but it's worked well for Disney.
0	I have 3 northeast votes and 1 from the 5th dimension.
0	The FBI gets the keys from reddit paranoia.
0	"I doubt he'd reply to anything like that until all his legal issues are sorted out. Don't want to be all like, ""Let me talk to my lawyer first"" as an answer to every question."
0	You must love US airports, then.
0	Haven't seen it yet. I usually don't watch movie adaptations of books. 'Timeline' taught me the hard way. One of the best Crichton books I've ever read, and the movie destroyed it. Now *that* made me cry.
0	Implying reddit is the only one who wants to try the successor of megaupload. Jesus, have some common sense. Reddit is not the only website on the internet.
0	Historical evidence is exactly what I was talking about, and historically the government has tried to provide cost efficient health care - but always negotiates too much and passes ineffective legislation.
0	There are RFID readers (used in warehouses) that track multiple RFID tags simultaneously at a distance.  Wal-Mart uses them to track pallets of goods, each individually tagged.  You'd be OK to put a reader at each exit to the school and you would know instantly if a student left the building (as long as they helpfully brought their ID along).  I am not sure of the exact operating range of state-of-the-art readers, but it is easily in the range of 10+ feet.
1	Sort of like it was being used as some sort of phone.. something you could move around with.. I dont know we could even call it a mobile phone or something. Even make hands free attachments. I hear there is this thing called blue tooth. Might actually be something we could use to make a lot of money
0	Not an answer, defend your argument, or you concede that you were wrong.
0	While hosting a video game server.
0	They should be able to do it by tracking eye movement to a pointer with which he could use a digital keyboard to type with.  Eye tracking software is advanced enough at the moment that I would be surprised if they *couldn't* do this.
1	Well, I replace my A's with @'s and My E's with 3's so I know I am safe.
0	I'm a German halfbreed.  Do I get a red-white-and blue pretzel?
0	Are you quivering in your denim overalls?
0	heavy
0	If somebody is friends with you on facebook or has reminders set for your birthday in their calendar, they've got your birthday. If they are friends with your parents (or can become friends with your parents) on facebook, they've got your mother's maiden name and her birthday. Even if you've never sent emails with that info, it's way too easy to obtain through social media.
1	Nope, Apple invented it.
0	Who makes the guns? Criminals? No, they are made by gun manufacturers, *for legal purposes.*
0	It was just to underscore the difference between how they treat adults and adolescents.  Don't read to far into it, Vin.
0	Yes! I'm in one of the few parts of Dallas that only have one choice of a cable provider and it is Time Warner. They are bad and should feel bad!
0	Well, you see, when the government does the killing, nobody actually does, because anyone the government wants to kill is obviously sub-human.
1	It's because you hate freedom isn't it.
0	Employees of my employer get 25% off Sprint.  There are tons of people I know with Sprint.  Data coverage is spotty in some areas but all around the greater Boston area it is alright.
0	With the federal government centralizing more and more power, why wouldn't you want to have a more armed populace? I do not automatically think what the federal government does is in the interest of its own populace.
0	Craigslist!
1	Whew! I just checked. USA and Canada aren't on the list, we're safe.
0	You can really taste the freedom.
0	They're terrible. It's not even really Comcast, just some contractor who has to pretend to be Comcast when they answer the phone.
0	If you buy anything from Walmart, you should reconsider the responsibility you have as a consumer in enabling that horrid trainwreck of misery that is that company.
0	Hmm. Looks like America may have to drop some aid and promote democracy in Canada.
0	How is it regulatory capture for the secret service to investigate computer crimes?
0	Ha, I got pulled over and ticketed on my birthday, on my way to the secretary of states office.
0	I'm sorry, sir, but I must respectfully disagree. I find him to be scum.
0	The headline reads like the father implied there was some kind of government conspiracy to kill him, not that he was pushed to the brink from government persecution.  Sensational journalism to say the least.
0	I'm picturing Wally from Dilbert with a cup of coffee welcoming the praise.
0	For anyone wondering why would the Westboro Church picket this funeral... it's merely a vengeance for Anonymous having hacked their site.
0	Now I understand (extreme) protestation via self-immolation a lot more.
0	Well, *everybody* in the 90's basically owned skates at some point.
0	Isn't it possible to get some sort of temporary restraining order or something against these people?
0	...Right. So why is this newsworthy?
0	Yup. Did you just learn this today? You must have been buying a lot of shitty video games :(
0	How about requiring a certain percent of manual driving time? And alerting in advance of potential risks?
1	GGG DOJ
0	Not at all. International S3 (quad core vs US dual core version) beats it. It did so already at the release.
0	I haven't gone this far, but I'm a SMB with a pretty decent Facebook following.  We will no longer be reposting CNET product reviews.  Can't trust them anymore.
0	I wonder if they were able to track the rocket using imaging software (or something similar) or if they just programmed the laser to follow the rocket's tethered trajectory. Either way, really cool!
0	Let me take a picture of what I'm about to eat and put it on Instagram.
0	but it wasn't a civil matter, it was a criminal matter.
0	out of curiosity, how do you pronounce the POiuy part of your name?
0	you got me. lol.  That's why I won't waste my money
0	Too bad.  For less than 100$ more you could have made a real media server.  I doubt that most people would consider an xbox a replacement for a PC.
0	This would ring truer to me if you replace MSN w/ AOL.  I guess that's why the author and I were never friends.
0	My friend works at Microsoft.  He was up in Redmond back during the holidays and for the white elephant gift exchange, he got Vista Ultimate, still sealed.  Apparently, even Microsoft is able to poke fun at their own product hiccups.
0	I went with Trillian many years ago and have stuck with it. Since it was easier for me to just use whatever IM my client was using, having a single app that could connect to all the IM networks was priceless. I never had to worry what service they wanted to use, I'd just ask for IM contact and BAM, we were setup.
0	Yet here we are? There's big distributors that ship to Europe, heck, the big distributors ARE in Europe. That's how I got mine. If you can't find it for 25$ in Europe you're doing something horribly wrong.
0	Cross platform experience is a BIG plus in Apples column that Google needs to address.
1	Wow, launching a petition. That takes major balls.
1	What a brilliant retort, that absolutely defeats my argument that a monopoly doesn't exist!  I bow to your grand debate skills and crown you champion!
0	So when it's a protected form of protest we can just pay a legit company to shut down some other legit company? Sounds like every company, not to mention things like churches, political groups etc. will now be DDOSing their competitors or people they otherwise disagree with.
0	Yes, but they're dashing Microsoft's hopes of being a iPod/Android tablet competitor, the main reason for the W8/Metro project. Closed app ecosystem, under $400 cost.
0	Apple already did something new, it's called the iPad. Microsoft tried something new and didn't realise it shouldn't be combined with legacy software. Apple keeps OS X and iOS separate for a reason.
0	Exactly.
0	Because fuck you, that's why.
1	"yeah, ""flu experts"", those hard working scientists are just glorified cherry pickers."
1	Can't wait for the special edition bluray box set.
0	Unfortunately the EFF doesn't have the horse power that organizations like the NRA do.  They are pretty good at raising awareness on the Internet, but unfortunately their clout seems restricted to cyberspace.  They would and could have a much greater effect if they had press officers that make regular appearances on news channels.
0	I agree. Let's get rid of this shit.
1	Thanks, I've never read that tired argument in this thread before.
0	This is awesome news. Now there's no reason for me not to get a physical copy of every album I buy.
0	Came out October 2009. 4 years is classic now? I'd say 5 is pushing it, 10 would be more realistic. But w/e I'm not the internet classic police; call it whatever you want kid.
0	Can you run some lines through Watson's TTS and record the voice clips for us? This is comedy gold in the making.
0	"YouTube's ""Irony Filters"" must have been switched to the ""oh just fuck it"" setting again."
0	Will I get CDs that I bought from CDNOW?
1	The owners of the country have spoken, so off with your head! Fair use - that sounds so socialist.
0	That article is fucking long and the title tells me nothing that makes me want to read that wall of text. Who's going to tl;dr it?
0	Until you need to sudo apt-get configure -a
0	I don't pirate music anymore because of Spotify, so it can work for music as well.
0	It's really insane how much they charge for iPhones (And most other smartphones). Iirc, the iPhone costs about $200-250 to manufacture.
0	Can they be that accurate though? I have people who take all the same classes I do and usually sit with or near me. I would think that if these work off radio transmitters, then in my pocket or my friend next to me's backpack would be pretty much the same.
1	I, for one, feel much more reassured knowing my government is spying on *everybody.*
1	Not surprisingly, PayPal blocks payment unless you tell them who/what you shoot with the rifle.
0	Where have you been?
0	No, you can't call one number and leave the connection all day.
1	Wait, Europe's not a country?
0	These private trackers should take their funds out of paypal imediately when they become available to do so. Not only that but they should be taking their money and buying shares of these companies or investing in them, so when these studios and banks act like cunts, they can threaten them financially, they would be effectively shooting themselves in their own foot with their own aggression.
0	"""Yes, everyone please move over to our backdoor-enabled *cough*...I mean backdoor-safe malware...*cough* I mean most secure IM in the world!"""
0	ITT:  People that have no idea how these tags work and just want to rant about invasion of privacy.
1	I apologize if I did not list my entire list of courses so you did not suffer the tragedy of misinterpreting my statement
1	That is just the Illumunati Jewish-lizard banker cabal deceiving you.
0	one is tracking her movements the other is taking attendance.
1	Yeah an attendance system without teacher participation sounds impossible to beat.
0	According to the article it might be more accurate in saying that Gabe and Valve are moving into the OS market. The mild hostility to Windows 8 seems to be a little unreasonable, unless you look at it from a business standpoint. Plant the seeds of doubt in the consumer about your competitor and you can justify your product's arrival. Windows 8 is doing it wrong, here is how our Linux based Steam OS will do it right.
0	This is what I don't fucking understand; why don't the banks set up a mechanism for making transactions less painful (like those one-use CC numbers for example), because I'm STILL seeing PayPal all over the fucking internet.
1	Not SLI ready? Pffft.
0	Mmm yes, that evil free market with its central banks and regulations!  I hate it!
0	Ah, yes, Gatekeeper. That's just a setting though...and one that I would *definitely* turn on for my father if he had a Mac, after reformatting his hard drive twice this past year due to malware :/
0	Billboards aren't sustainable, bra.
0	I kind of expect more from Ars Technica than a short piece amounting to a press release from the vendor.
0	wait a minute... flipper has robot arms!?
0	So, cheating is ok with you?
0	Not lately.
0	Nah - we'd have to invent, patent, and export the tech to turn serious profit on it. There is a lot of Thorium, and it tends to be in places where rare earth metal deposits exist. China has a massive supply of both rare earths and thorium.
0	Don't you guys also have to pay a tax on just owning a television?
0	This is when buildings will start to get scary-big looking like in sf-movies.
0	Bookmark.
0	I just call them shitty console ports, and don't buy them. Alas, my selective pressure has no feedback, because their marketing jackholes just make up numbers anyway.
0	Oh but you're still wrong.
0	I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed that.
1	B-b-but I have Demonoid!
0	is Demonoid back up again yet?
1	Dude, do you have any idea how *lucrative* copyright is on a national scale?
0	This is interesting, since lots of sci-fi's use crystal data storage devices. Stargate comes to mind.
0	You clearly didn't read the article.  The only reason they knew about those files is because the feds told them to keep the files in a lawsuit against someone who was using MegaUpload to store them.
0	Direct X was a god aweful API. It took Microsoft something like 9 attempts to get it right, and even then there are a lot of stupid things in dx9. OpenGL pretty much got it right from the beginning (15+ years ago).
1	Yeah, those Gmail ads are so intrusive!
1	Yes, it's the FBI that's the criminal here.
0	"""Human brain is hacked"""
0	We're not all leeches.  Some of you other guys seed to make up for my slack, right?
0	Lots of people screaming antitrust, but isn't Google entitled to deny its services to anyone? I mean its not like there aren't alternatives to every product they have, theirs is just better.
0	You realize Steam has DRM and you cant sell your used games, yet this subreddit got all angry at Sony patenting a technology that would do the same thing-the DRM.
1	Why should microsoft have to accommodate for competitors proprietary browsers when they provide their own, free?
0	Really? That's the best you could come up with?
1	Last I heard chrome books are dominating the laptop market
0	So if it's hip to quit Facebook now, are all the people who quit when it WASN'T popular going to come back?
0	My friend used to live by Newark and had a similar issue.
1	This is just another example of good competition.
0	With Nokia Maps around, I don't see the point. They should've blocked something more useful like Youtube.
0	How about when they force you to take their updates and like it?
0	We had that problem and a problem with the sound and mic not working when in skype.   We solved it by using an older driver for another laptop as suggested by a bunch of forum posts.    This is after we sent them out to be fixed and they came back the way that they left.   I am pretty sure we bought our last Lenovo laptops.    We have been an all Dell shop for a decade and unfortunately, we tried something different.   In the decade of buying Dells, we never had a problem like that.
0	Correct me if I am wrong but isn't MS kind of stubborn about some Xbox things too, like with game developers and updates?
1	"You are extreme. They won't ""plant absolutely anything"". After a while, they just bomb you."
0	There could be other mutations. Granted you should be testing what other mutations have developed, but it is may be wiser to isolate the one gene you want through breeding.
1	AWWWW, but the FEELS man!
0	Then what was the point of your post? To let us know that you are not one of those consumers that desires to pay that or were you actually trying to contribute something meaningful?
0	For the 3G, expect to pay an additional monthly fee to your phone company.
1	Go home talkingzero, you're dyslexic.
0	We don't want to spend the money. We have an aging highway system that desperately needs to be repaired that we just ignore for the most part. We could also do things like building layers underneath our road to improve drainage so they last 10x longer, but they would also cost 10x as much.
1	Yeah! and then just automatically have every phone support RFID!
0	Now I **know** you have no idea wtf a good tech idea is.  Enjoy your fullscreen start menu with ads.
0	In some countries Internet access is considered a basic human right. But again, here just like healthcare and other shit that you need to stay alive, it's an opportunity for corporate douchebaggery to fuck your clear out of an existence.
0	Yeah. Unfortunately the DC's fate was sealed long before it launched. The Genesis was great, but the Sega CD was awful, the 32X was an expensive waste, the Nomad flopped, the Neptune never even came out, the Saturn was impossible to code for... Sega made almost no good decisions from 1989 to 1999. They hemorrhaged third-party support for a decade. Not even a convenient, powerful, creative, forward-thinking, noisy little beast like the Dreamcast could change the writing on the wall.
0	Nothing is original, that doesn't mean it can't be authentic, but everything that anyone ever thinks of has been thought of and created at some point. I think the big thing nowadays is execution and perfection, Facebook wasn't a new idea, but Zuckerberg took an already existing idea and executed it perfectly. With the help of others of course.
0	"That's why he used ""rarely"".  There is an exception to every rule."
0	History doesn't validate it.  You just used history to justify your perspective.
1	I'm glad we have resources to go after mega criminals like Stuart.
1	well WP8 has such a small market share that its not worth googles time to develop for it. yeah google should totally develop for WP8, WebOS, BADA, SYMBIAN and everything else that has less than 3% of the market
0	Yeah, and it's obviously a coincidence that Amazon chose to use the exact same name for their store. No way they weren't just taking advantage of the millions Apple invested in popularizing the term app and marketing the name App Store.
0	Bill Gates?! What is this, the 90s?
0	This just in: Water wet!
0	hated it as well, why not just long scroll come on Wired get it together
0	I believe they show those ads during the negotiations. Their idea is to scare viewers into calling Dish, and demanding they give AMC all the money they want.
0	Eh, we do it anyway.  There's a ton of content on youtube that's very clearly derivative works.
1	The Bible?
0	And it costs a lot compared to just subscribing to the channel.
0	AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
0	No, it doesn't. Last night I had to go download Nvidia's drivers on a fresh install of 7 for a 500 series card. Sure, it had a driver that supported the max resolution and ran aero, but it wasn't the best driver to use. There was performance hits with the base driver, as it was a generic Nvidia driver. It also didn't have Nvidia's manager app.
1	If *only* Autodesk was offering **free** copies for students
0	Yep, been using the developer preview and consumer preview for a  while now. The only time I see metro is when searching and booting up.
0	They offered me an MS Office license at work, but as I already have OOO, I declined it and so did many others. There just wasn't any need for it.
0	but it told me to click on it if I want a prize!
0	No I won't if I invent something today, it gets a patent, which is good for 20 years. Furthering my point that I really won't invent anything as much as I will 'discover' it and I will have used techniques that many others use and I observed their use of them and applied the techniques I found interest in and at the end of that specific trail I had created these things with varying styles and techniques. Why should I own any of that process to stop you from coming to the same conclusion with zero knowledge of my path? If you learn to paint by studying picaso and rembrandt are you really that unique snowflake who should get to lock it up from me or the rest of your population?
0	"Can you tell me who is turning a blind eye? These topics come out a dozen a week and all have hundreds of posts in them. But keep pushing the ""both sides are bad"" fallacy. EXACTLY the same as Fox News! Idiot."
0	Or waiting a couple more months for a dvd/blu-ray rip. Or even an R5 rip.
1	Well that sounds like the bee's fuckin' knees!  I'll sign up right now!!!
0	Uhh... they compensate for it? Honestly, considering how many human drivers have ignored such things and continued to drive, the automated ones could do a pretty half assed job and still out-do us humans.
0	"Also what if the age of consent was 30?  They can't be against attraction to teens who have just passed the age of consent because it completely destroys the point of the age of consent.  They're basically saying ""Yeah you're old enough technically, but we're still gonna say you're not old enough because you're still so young.""  Based on this logic 18 years old would be fine to most people if the age of consent were 16 or 17."
1	Everybody knows that people magically change into adults on their 18th birthday.. I don't see the confusion.
0	Mine just got flagged. Granted I did put every trigger word I could think of.
1	iCloud is reading our emails! OMG CREEPY!
0	Comcast risks no lawsuit. They are protecting media companies. As they are one since they bought nbc. The phone companies don't get sued when customers commit fraud using their lines. Toll roads are not liable for crimes their users commit. The electric company isn't liable for providing electricity that enables file sharing. Committing any other crime over the internet is fine with Comcast. For some reason they only care about file sharing. I wonder why? If this process were completely transparent, it cost money to accuse a user instead of cost a user to dispute an accusation, real proof was provided I may support this. Add it stands now this whole thing is very anti consumer.
1	I'm so glad the high court is spending their time making a difference. This decision is definitely going to work since there is certainly no way that people will be able to get around blocks. And it's not like the websites in question could do anything about it like change the IP address or operate under a separate domain name for UK users. This was definitely a good use of time on their end.
0	My monitor is too far away for me to reach it with ease, so it's certainly not the interface or hardware that is stopping me from using touch.
0	It costs money to add these surcharges to your bill, you know!
0	This would require a monopoly.
0	Goddamn fucking lying shit-bags.
1	Even on dial-up?
0	As a streaming video watcher and reddit browser, I can honestly say that I don't want gigabit internet.  I want my 20mb connection to not cost what gigabit should.
0	"Why does Yahoo look like a website stuck in the 90s for people who can't figure ""The Google""?"
0	That's a step in the right direction, yes, and for me it's really all I need. I've read the books, so I have a pretty good idea of whats going to happen, but for those who only watch the show, it would be nice to be able to watch it when it airs, without a full cable bundle.
0	Sorry, I sometimes forget that normal people sleep normal hours and that I am one of the few people who stays up absurdly late and sleeps like 2 hours a night.  Carry on.
0	"Emma Watson is attracted to you; though, not in a ""fancies you"" kind of way... mostly just GmM/r^2"
0	"Sound advice, apart from the ""ASP"" bit, given that it's 2013 and all. PHP or Ruby would be wiser choices, and if ""ubiquity"" is your goal, then PHP for sure."
1	I'll be damned, people are willing to pay a reasonable amount of money to get access to content. Who would have known?
0	Imagine the accidents, PCs blown out by over power. Appliances frying. Good idea. Needs precautions though.
0	I just do not understand the disconnect that exists in the software development industry and this country. There are LOTS of people that know how to program already and can't get a job. I know them. I meet them all the time. Kind of a rhetorical question, but what is the reason these people can't get jobs but there exists numerous rallying cries to teach everyone to program? Ponder that and you may understand what these initiatives really are, a pile of bullshit.
1	I can tell you know a lot about the service and security in general.
0	ITT: people with tens of thousands of dollars of consumer electronics and a first world education who haven't done a single useful thing in their lives feel threatened by a clever Kenyan boy looking out for his family.
0	They do and it isn't that hidden, they just call it Counter-Terrorism (Step-dad worked for the Air Force doing this very thing, he didn't even have an NDA)
0	I don't think that they should chill. I think that it's bullshit such a system is ever going to see the light of day in the United States, especially one so full of holes.
1	Yeah, I'm absolutely sure he made a success out of the biggest open source community project in history by objecting to every idea that wasn't his.
0	the newest ad block will let you do that.. yes
1	Don't you know? Every video is fake on reddit.
0	Does anyone in the US actually have municipal broadband?
0	So Chromium has it? Intesresting (downloading.......and finished).
0	"Did you know that the chicken wanted to find out what the afterlife was like? That's the true meaning of ""the other side"" and it makes the joke work on two levels, which is nice. Not exactly funny, but it's better than people give it credit for."
0	To call a data-sharing agreement between the NSA and Google speculation is like speculating that a pack of hungry wolves might kill and eat an injured deer (not only an injured deer, but an *unbelievably fat* one); I prefer not to give the benefit of the doubt quite so easily.
1	They should just make a stronger gravity.
0	Probably, I was just going off the design itself, not the specs.
0	Awesome! Thank you!
0	You'd want live police footage uploaded to Google? oO
1	Yes, because Google Glasses are the first glasses that are also able to record video of what they see... better yet they're the first thing anyone can discretely record video of other people with.
0	This should be the perfect legislation for the rich politicians and businessmen who run the US then
0	It's not the phone price that gets you, it's the monthly service price.
0	It's for the developing country market, keep that in mind. It's got long battery life because many people don't have regular access to power, a radio because they can't plug it into the non existent computer and upload the nonexistent mp3s they have, ect ect.
0	7950, was originally going to go 7970 but after reading up on both cards, most said you could just flash bios and OC to a 7970 and they're practically identical in performance for $100 less.  But in the event they're planning an 8xxx series I'd hold off since it'll be a more efficient card.
0	All original material is inherently copyrighted you idiot.
0	I'm fine with it to be honest. I would love to read e-books but the price (~$12.99 or more) seems to high. For that price I'd rather have the book in hand.
0	who cares your games are pretty, but extremely generic.
1	Ink cartridges don't work upside down though.
0	And I thought the Dorner applause was going to kill this story.
1	As opposed to piracy; piracy is totally ethical.
0	The strike system doesn't rule in favor of anything. It's not a law.
0	Yeah, man, it's like sooo 2000-and-late. Dude, get with the times, it's like, 2013. *snort*
0	It is obvious they will be rushing it to match eachothers release date, as well as the steambox which is debuting 2013 as well.  It would be far crazier if they took their time and released a well tested product on the first batch.
1	Yeah, I'm sure it's just a phase they are going through.
0	This is not the first time this happened to them. Wasn't it that they forgot to reregister hotmail and some dude decided to pay for them so he could get into his email account again?
0	Aah I see, thanks for clearing that up.
0	Yes!
1	We'll let you know if you need to take one for the team...
0	Not to mention the person at the dinner party who couldn't wear the device complaining about how they were discriminated against.
1	If a pedophile is taking pictures of your kids you should just be flattered you didn't spawn ugly children.
0	It'll eventually attach to any glasses
0	Besides vectoring and windage problems, bullets have no where near the range of lasers.
0	If you have to have a tethered phone with a data connection in order to use it without wifi, whats the point? You already have all of glass' functions on your phone. Is the accessory really worth it if it's only value is saving the few seconds to pull out your phone?
1	Corporations are people my friend. You are committing crimes against people. You wouldn't steal from a little old lady. Why do you think it is ok to steal for a corporation that evades taxes, gets government subsides, lobbies to disenfranchise workers, and manipulates the government to enact laws to benefit only themselves.
0	Nice try... Jam cream marketer.
0	Finally.
1	You sound so cool. I love how anti-establishment you are.
1	Well duh, it's fine when the big corporations steal from little people and make money off it.
0	I am actually puzzled why Google is pushing a device that looks like a laptop, but it really is just a browser. There is undoubtedly certain convenience to it, but compared to what you give up it is as far from the bargain as it gets. Google lives in this dream world of theirs where everyone has an affordable wireless gigabit internet access wherever they go, when in reality one can only use that Chrome Book on a couch within home wifi.
0	Right, and for some reason everyone in IL has been brainwashed to believe that all politicians only favor business.  It's nuts living in this state.
0	North Korea Leader is IT Guru, he make North Korean internet unhackable.
1	Right. That's totally not the user's fault.
1	Buy one. I hear Google is selling them.
0	ERMERGHERD SKOOL SHOOTANS, STOP THE TURRRRRRISTS!!!!
0	i love arrested development, and have for a long, long, long, long time.  but i would be very surprised if there were any figures, dvd sale, view counts, to back that up.  i want the show to do well, i really do, so we can get quality programming like it on the air, but i dont see these type of shows ever reaching MASH levels of viewership.
0	It's only okay when Valve does it.
1	Yep, go educate yourself infidel.
1	Sony never lied before so sure, I trust them.
1	Game came out last year, $53.99 sounds fair.
0	Flight mode, no Wifi.
0	"why on earth do i have you RES tagged as ""jacks off into tacos"""
1	Well shit! That word was used both in SoSpecial's comment and also somewhere else in the language. What an odd coincidence.
0	Well, since you already paid, might as well, right?
0	It has a few glitches to be worked out, having gmail notifications enabled causes it to crash right now. But over all it's very nice.
0	It got iOS 6?
0	Set it up as an exchange account.
0	So you're saying classic literature, as in Shakespeare, is 'knowledge', and not just 'entertainment'?
0	but you can see the goggles from ever angle as apposed to just a single ear.
1	Silly free market with it's competition.
0	"It could also just allow you to ""ping"" a person without getting access to their profile in advance."
0	and our libraries
0	Fuck off, you spammy fucking douchebag.
0	is that what we want?
0	good luck finding redtube on that page :P
0	Obamanation?
0	That's easier to do if you drop all your settings down to low.
1	Hilarious
1	My XP is still going strong! It does everything I want it to!
0	You dont mind it? Thats cute seeing as its 2013 now. That thing has been patched more than a burn victim. When it came out it was absolute incompatible shit and it stays that way for a long time.
1	No dude, the more you hurt someone the more willing they are to side with you!
0	I think you mean 690. And a 690 is still better graphically than the Titan.
1	I'm going to go out on a limb here and say that they're kidding. But i might be wrong
0	Let me know when they split so I can afford 1 stock! :)
0	"I remember in the 90s when the US government was ""making examples"" out of hackers, it was well known that the Chinese were recruiting them. Before that there was a bit of a hacker war, they would hit us, then us them. But after the hacker roundup here in the states everyone on the Newsgroups mostly just stopped giving a shit and let the Chinese do there thing. It's been going on for a long time now."
0	Pen is capable of releasing highly viscous fluid that drys and hardens quickly.  Funny how art imitates life imitates art.
0	Too expensive unless you are Bruce Wayne.
0	Now he can.
0	No competitive console gaming then.
0	No, once you start inferring inaccurate data from the numbers (such as the exact location of the beginning of turning down the heat) which are assumed from those same sloppy notes.
1	Of course the sponsor is a Democrat.  Thanks, Obama.
1	Because having proper reasoning skills and facts means I must hate electric vehicles.
0	Got any documentation on this? Where is your copy/paste from? I'd love to see the data from a reputable source.
0	But the article might make you want the government to do something to fix it.
0	"The Lumia 900 was a year old when WP8 came out. I know because I had one, then upgraded the the 920, which was the new Nokia flagship ""at the time""."
0	Ah... that's a different issue. You can switch a VPN on and off with a single mouse click. I'd take your roomie up on the offer and just use the VPN when it's appropriate. I would also encourage you to use Firefox with the HTTPS-Everywhere extension, which automatically creates an SSL (encrypted) connection to those servers which support it, thus protecting most of your data from prying eyes.
0	Bots can solve this, trust me.
0	I call him Fisto Roboto!
0	More effort, greater cost, smaller readerbase, less income, and fewer advertisers.
0	So true.  The Leaf cost ~$30K before tax rebate, but even the base Model S is clearly a better vehicle.  The Model S has better range, far better acceleration, and as you note looks better to most people as well.
1	Oh please, like regulatory change ever has negative unintended consequences!  Pfft.
0	Probably because they don't allow anyone to cancel their service.
0	"Ah, so then there was something to the initial reports that Broder had to ""recondition"" the batteries?"
0	It can, if you know how to plan properly.
0	Does this apply to volume licensing as well?  Meaning you can only use the volume licenses on one computer?
0	I wouldn't say too large, I'd say they're doing things that they might not be all that great at.
0	Didn't you know that Google was the only restaurant to survive the franchise wars?
0	What makes you think the sales rep understands either the use you intend or the licensing terms?  What he understands is the breakpoints for margin and his spiffs and commish.
1	But if you have nothing to hide, what do you have to worry about?
0	Lol at silly downvoters trying to hide the secrets of the great RAM conspiracy
0	Perhaps you should talk to this president, who seems to think he has powers that he does not. Now get back to your cluelessness.
0	And he still admits he didn't charge fully and drove faster than he said he did.
0	If my fuel gauge wasn't working properly and I had no idea how much gas I was putting in, yes, I would.
0	True, but datacenters are placed where there is abundant (cheap) power. They can be just about anywhere with a good connection to the Internet. Charging stations would need to be in urban and suburban environments where there is already a greater strain on the power infrastructure.
0	The SR-71 supersonic aircraft is a great example of this.
0	True, but those won't have the power to charge it because of lack of outlets and such.
0	The perfect gift for Australians.
0	Lead on,  here to help.
0	Shit, we (the internet collective) killed that meme in less than a week!
1	Technology is good.  Broder is saying bad things about new technology.  Therefore Broder is *obviously* evil.  Can't you tell?
0	Dolla dolla bill y'all.
1	Just ship it?
0	Points for self awareness anyway.
0	probably the only Jetsons username I've seen on Reddit. bravo.
0	Totally.
0	Where we go, our hat goes.
1	Maybe he's just bad at parking and needed a lot of tries to get it right.
0	Everyone is saying it, but no one is doing anything about it.   25% of redditors are unlurkftw
0	Thanks for posting this is interesting stuff!
0	"He would've had an equally interesting story if he wrote something like ""The Tesla is a remarkable feat but there are some major drawbacks. It isn't ready to replace the gas-powered automobile but it's damned close.""."
0	"Really? Just because the article's conclusions are partially favorable to them? By that logic, it's ""reasonable"" to suspect that a terrible rainstorm that cancels a baseball game was caused by the influence of an injury-plagued team that needs a rest. Or that the absence of foul weather was caused by the influence of the other, healthier team. Grow up."
0	I refuse to put Reader on my computer.
0	Have your people call my people. We should network.
1	You guys didn't know Tesla faked his death and worked on HAARP for the US Government?
1	Because they support the president and would never do anything bad.
0	"""Creating a creative cloud"" should be the term used when trying to avoid a question by talking about something else."
1	But who wants to put a $100 SSD in a $100,000 car and increase the price even more
0	Ah, disgraced former Tory MP Michael Howard.
0	Until they get it right.
1	Host a torrent site in the US, that's a fucking great idea.
1	THANK YOUR CORPORATE MASTERS FOR ALLOWING YOU SUCH A PLEASURE, WAGE SLAVE.
0	Try submitting a patch to Microsoft.
0	What? Windows RT is not x86.
0	So, wait... do I start reading Engadget again, or do I read The Verge? Or both?
0	I feel so much safer now.
1	But now we aren't able to whine about our privacy being invaded anymore! :(
0	Does Moldova have that everywhere? No they don't. You can get those speeds on com cast or fios in many areas of America.
0	She is not the only person Valve let go.  Around 25 employees total were laid off today.
0	By every single yard stick you can imagine, Obama is ridiculously pro-gun in his actions as President.
0	Alright then, fair enough. I've never waged battle with a Miata. However, I have vanquished one alternator from a '92 Honda Civic, as well as a starter from a 94 Ford Fiesta. Either of them might be more suitable for my point above.
0	Don't provide better service, just tell people they already have that better service, and keep telling them that until they believe it.
0	Yeah and I live like a 10 minute drive from Germany. I could drive a good but used SLK as a student if I was living there instead.
0	That would be Google also.
0	I don't think it's cynical, nor do I think you're mistaken; sadly I believe that to be the case. The real tragedy here though is that given the current system, only people trying to serve self-interests are driven to get elected.
0	It's allright. Has to be roasted and sliced thin (not too thin) for maximum flavour. Maybe with a slightly syrup glaze and served on a warm bun with garlic or some nice gravy or something. Maybe some home made slightly sweet honey garlic mustard.
0	If you're tracking people based on what they add to social media, you're going to have a misleading time.
1	Even better, better, CP-30.. for all the CP that this bill will stop!
0	* So godamn jealous...
1	Obama is sooo much better than Bush
0	Not sure if serious. This bill getting shot down is a food thing and a testament to how great of a country Canada really is.
0	You're a moron.
0	I thought it was pretty relevant.
0	Maps is easy-peasy compared to search.
1	Yeah their maps were a real google killer.
1	Full page ads will work **great** for everyone who read the story online!
0	I believe the leaf shows you how much range you have at all times, and the navigation system will actually also tell you if you have enough charge to reach your destination. I am not sure how you would get stuck unless you just weren't paying attention.
1	He's probably an American.
0	Generally speaking, the monopolies are maintained with agreements with municipalities and these agreements have requirements of the ISP to provide service sans various things like abuse. So if it's not abuse, and they actually are contracted as such in a particular region, they may be required to not throttle. But that'll take lawsuits to work out.
1	The answer, *more government*
0	"Apple raked in over double the smart phone profits of Samsung last quarter. I really doubt that your notion of why they are failing factors in to the ""Give a fuck status"" of everyone enjoying their iphones..."
0	You can also think that, while being hopeful that this is the best chance to get the LAPD to straighten its shit out.
1	I got an idea. Let's all file a class action lawsuit so we can all get a nickle in the settlement!!! Long live attorneys.
1	Must be Obama's fault.
0	Ain't that a bitch?
0	Haha, well I've here for quite a while (long-time lurker). That's gotta mean something!
1	But how will we call them extremists and dismiss them if we can't group them?
0	I was so embarrassed for it. It said *American* city right in the question! That's what made the answer Chicago instead of Toronto. Silly Skyn-- I mean Watson.
0	I got a better idea lets pretend half of half of half of half of every gas station had an EV recharge setup.
0	Custom ROM's, which is essentially what Replicant is, don't count as operating systems that can even have a chance in the market - not when they'll never get hardware support. Otherwise you might as well count CM10 or MIUI as an operating system that fights for market share in the market. I'm just saying they are not part of this discussion.
0	Misleading title is misleading. It's a regular 30 round magazine, but 3D printed and durable enough to be fired with hundreds of times.
1	Why would a blind person want to be able to see now, when they could wait a couple years to see just a bit better?
0	It's just a helmet and it has air circulation. What's the problem?
1	I don't believe this story. Ron Paul is *different* from other politicians!
0	Well if something was free to share it we wouldn't be in this mess now would we?
0	What is this 'watch' of which you speak?  From what I get on wikipedia, it's like a phone, but all it does is tell time.   What's up with that?
0	Get an Android device then. They're better anyway. Freedom.
0	That's because the US government are criminals.
0	Do truck drivers have a powerful union?  I don't think so, so the owners are the ones with sway and money, and they would prefer autonomous trucks for the same reasons manufacturers prefer robots to workers.  Cheaper (don't have to pay a driver), more reliable (no trucks in the ditch or rollovers, sick days, or vacation days), predictable (they will arrive on time almost all the time), etc.
1	Who needs consoles when you have emulators?
0	Funcoland, EB Games, and GameStop - competition was a good thing.
1	The rich and powerful are more equal than us. We must all learn our places like good little peasants.
0	Patching? All good. Doing it slowly? Not good.
1	Gee, what a surprise.
1	Gee. What a surprise.
0	Maxing out that one seeder's bandwidth
0	If those guys are getting laid, forget my original idea about becoming President.  I'm going into R&amp;D!
0	You might be right. Its just hard to beleive that many people buy into apppe so called innovation when in reality its a complete bullshit. They dont innovate anything anymore.
1	Yeah, I sure wouldn't want to live in a country that treats LGBT people fairly!
0	and making vastly more profits
0	Because it is not useful in any way.
0	Now that the pompous fuckbag allowed cancer to claim him.
0	Hardware becomes much easier to do if you borrow an idea from software - recursion.  Have some of the output of your factory be parts for more factory equipment.  When you apply that recursively all the way to the mining robot that extracts the raw materials, things suddenly get a lot cheaper.
0	Why not?
0	Yeah that Youtube place has everything.
0	This is quite telling. It could mean that the department at Microsoft responsible for MS Office has little or no confidence in the future of Windows 8. I might be reading more into this than there really is, but if you consider how poorly Windows 8 is being received its not out of the realm of possibility.
0	But but... It's valve *they do no wrong*
1	Good luck with WebMD excising a tumor.
0	Have you ever read on a 720p tablet? Have you also read on a nexus 10? There's a world of noticeable difference.
0	Laptops normally require you to unscrew one or at most two screws to get to the hard drive.
1	We do NO wrong! Shut up!
0	people people people. every one seams to think we need jobs but have you ever thought about the reasons why capitalism, socialism and communism, fail to make people happy?[other than universal happiness being impossible] it is because of jobs. those economic systems require people to work to prove their value. why should we have to get a shit job at McDonald's to do what we want? why should people have to work when they don't want to? why do we need jobs? the answer has always been because no one else will do them, but now some one else could do them in the near future. robots can do those jobs. the only reason this is bad is because people need to work to show value, but what if they didn't? what if we took these robots and split their output equally? so everyone could live better? what if we automated every thing so no one has to do something they don't want to do. something they are forced to do simply because no one else will, and people need to work to be of value? we could keep excess production in a free market wile ensuring everyone gets a share to live comfortably. its not socialism because that has people doing shit jobs this would be something different something were the proletariat are mindless machines and the general populace is neither a working man nor a capitol owner.
0	There are some of us who have great Internet speed but still enjoy single player games  (usually because developers put more effort into them instead of rehashing the same game with new maps).  The Legend of Zelda series is still one of my favorites of all time.
0	"That's why I said ""watch out Putin, Russia's next"" because soon, if the trend continues, people will start comparing bad things to Russia."
0	If my computer isn't on and logged in to steam when the internet goes down, then i'm shit out of luck. I've never had any luck cold booting and getting steam to launch without the presence of an internet connection.
0	Really recommend it. The exchange rate to watches, chocolate and cheese is great.
0	Wouldn't your brain still need blood and energy and all of that good stuff?
0	Too bad Samsung build quality is total garbage.
0	Typically.
0	ELI5?
1	This is not an advert at all.
0	Not everyone gives a shit about their computer case being made out of brushed aluminum.
0	I am all for 'acceptable ads' on a reasonably limited space on web pages. I think Adblock is a good natural way to keep web usable.
0	Except the Chromebook can make things ugly fast for Microsoft. It's the #1 selling computer on Amazon.
1	"People starving and jobless. But yeah let's spend tax money on ""free"" Internet."
0	Welcome to real life junior, where nearly every business you talk to for any reason will try and sell you a bunch of bullshit.
0	Because money.
0	Pull to refresh email is already integrated into iOS 6.0 FYI.
0	theres this thing called advertising that funds tv shows
0	Not for the sake of needing it, just for being able to have it. It's one of those because-I-can things.
0	Verizon iPhone 4S's do have SIM slot as it is a universal device.
0	If you stick the ear buds up your nose and open your mouth it is quite a powerful directional sound.
0	Source?
0	Probably. Doesn't look like an area where there would be an abundance of birds flying around. They probably would have a maintenance crew that would perform any common maintenance including the random vulture shit.
0	I figure it's just the cool new thing to hate.  It'll die down when another company takes that place.  Or when people have used Windows 8 enough to overcome their prejudiced against it and see that it's an improved Windows 7 with a fancy full-screen start screen.
0	They'll probably give you another free trial. I recently took off the DVD rentals from my account and a day after they sent me a month of free dvd rentals.
0	I like the idea, but I wasn't to fan of House of Cards to be honest.
0	You know what, fuck this. I'm unsubscribing from this piece of shit subreddit. Not everything a corporation does to make money is some evil ploy to trample your freedoms.
1	Oh no, I'm not going to watch the biggest game of the year in a sport that I love because of this news!
0	Bad companies can still make good products.
0	Are you on Mountain Lion?  Are you using forward 3 forward slashes?  Is the F capitalized?
0	You *can*, but switching between languages seem to be something they hadn't thought of.
1	Because putty is SOOOO much better than Iterm2 + ssh
0	Bah!  Submit to your glorious metal masters!  I for one welcome our new robotic overlords.
0	this is beautiful
0	Then the super computer goes through depression and contemplates suicide.
0	Nice try, Mr Twitter PR guy.
0	That's like asking why investors give advice instead of working only for themselves.
0	EA is very similar to aging tech companies that can no longer innovate and instead acquire, regurgitate, and dilute more nimble companies. I feel for the rank and file, as I am sure we all do, but their management and corporate actions are awful.
1	Evil oil companies.
1	I wonder how they will make up for this loss. Surely not by closing studios and massive layoffs! Because that would mean they are making the economy worse and a company like ea would never use the fear created by these happenings to exploit their valued employees.
1	Not selling enough? Let's add more DRM! It's probably because of piracy!
0	Galaxy SIV announced via superbowl commercial.
0	I wonder when samsung will grow up.  They have been coming off as a pouty child for quite a while now.
0	I don't get it, people can see attractive girls on the street, how is it different?
1	Ya, fudging the LIBOR rate is pretty grey-area.
0	Did they forget about leap year again?
0	It's not so bad once you get used to it.
0	Not to mention they had awesome podcasts. Granted, they still have The 404, but I think it's obvious that they've fallen under CBS control. I don't see why they got rid of all the other ones though.
0	They have also lost a lot of cred/talent.
0	Reddit, standing by.
0	Why? We're no where *near* the kind of conditions that lead to a popular revolution. People are largely fed, entertained, kept in fear of outsiders and what infringements on freedoms there are tend to be practically invisible. Conditions need to be far worse, and far more direct (people don't revolt over nebulous 'freedoms') for anything like that to happen.
0	ELI5 why it can't just use Google maps?
0	"Please please please somebody get ahold of their naughty list and post it. I remember poking around some restaurant's site a while back and discovering that they were checking submitted text against a plain text file called ""bad words"", and I just about died laughing at all of the creative variations and obscure slang they deemed too offensive to post."
0	In other words, there's no news today.
0	Sort of. There are quantum algorithms that can defeat a lot of popular encryption methods, thus eliminating the need for brute-force, but there will always be unbreakable codes (ie, something equivalent to a one-time pad) that require infeasible brute-force attacks.
0	"Too bad ""Into Darkness"" is not about exploration."
1	Improving battery life is hard, so they concentrate on the easier task to make processors faster.
0	And?
0	"Where can you get a 50"" TV for 100$?"
0	very short sighted to make this a party thing.
0	And then?
1	But surely, such a thing will never ever happen again! Just like the programming mistake that threatened the integrity of the bitcoin network itself recently will never ever happen again! The people who stand to profit enormously in the short term from public confidence in bitcoins told me so.
1	i love it how people can justify hummers being better for th environment than a prius. Gotta love the reddit hivemind sometimes
0	Not unless you sue first.
1	Everyone who thinks cable providers need to open up their networks to competitors is a communist!
0	I don't get mad, I get even.
0	I'd love to copyright the process of setting up a company and see how far I could fuck over the entire system.
1	I don't think he realizes this, it was more or less a comment to show how he was able to stick it to MS, we should all congratulate him.
0	What opinion
0	If NASA actually found anything, odds are they'd definitely photoshop it \*out*.
0	what happens to johnny's family when word gets back home that johnny has been killing americans?
0	Never trust a Australian website.
1	Because dictators probably don't speak to people interested in forming a world government.  At any rate, the people involved in such a thing would most certainly never attempt to control the internet.
0	Sure! Politicians are very silly people, who make up laws that benefit them and their friends. If it's up to them, you and your teddybear will be imprisoned for life.
0	True.  I hear Amazon's EC2 rents out GPUs now... :)
0	What specs would you need a laptop to be for it to be highend? I mean you can get top of the line for 1000$ How is Nexus 4 not able to count? Top end specs for 300$.
0	I do not think you know how right of ways work.
0	Very nice, I wouldn't mind paying a bit extra for quality goods.
0	God dammit, I have a 400gig data cap and I didn't even know it!
0	You think they went through the trouble of actually  getting a licence?
0	Or Wuala, or use EncFS with any other cloud storage site.
0	As a person who has missed watching 3 F1 races live since 1988, I don't speak for everyone, but I can say that the large majority of fans I know preferred the 3.0L V10 to the current 2.4L V8, and are not looking forward to the v6 at all.
0	As far as the average consumer is concerned, the Nexus 4 is officially incapable of LTE.
0	Guess he got some balls after AT&amp;T had to give them billions after the failed merger
0	except when your rates can go up every month because you don't have a contract
1	But I have a degree! I DESERVE MY LAZINESS.
0	Hah, yea really?!
0	i like windows 8, looking forward to see Blue changes
1	Everything is more expensive in America.   Yet we all American's are swimming in wealth and can afford it.
0	That is precisely my plan! I'm hoping the new Nexus 4 is out by the time I switch (currently abroad).
1	Strangers are OK if they give you lots of money to do things. I'm sure her daughter won't be a hooker.
0	"Not to start a slog though this morass of gun-control politics, but given your 3rd source, what is the sourcing for the numbers on points 8 and 9?  Have they been controlled for population and population density.  The US is rather strange in that it has a huge population compared to most other ""high-income countries"" and vastly larger range of poulation densities."
0	And how can such devices be outlawed if they can't be detected by the police?
0	Get this man a tinfoil hat!
1	Cause criminalization is an effective strategy for deterrence.
1	Checking your blind spots and mirrors banned, because you attention should be in front of you
0	That annoys me to no end. All of my passwords are 20 chars long.
0	Nothing stopping you from checking your car for weird attachments and moving them to say......a train, fed ex truck, etc. Me if I find one attached to my car I plan to put it on a cop car.
0	No, but he is rich and money talks.  He should be in prison for the shit he has pulled.
1	Yeah, abortion of all those black babies was how 42nd street and Times Square got cleaned up.
0	I'd agree, however a significant difference lies in that the GPS tracker is a device which you are *affixing* to somebody's private property, which I would consider...not ok.
0	or surpassing it. that itch you can't quite place on your natural arm? that same neuron-ending firing on your artificial arm means you're in a magnetic field.
0	Except that is the end goal.
0	They are all over but I never considered them a problem.  The native American casinos will probably be the biggest beneficiary.
0	Wasn't it supposed to reach 100,000 in 3 months? It's been 5 months. Things not going too well, Microsoft? I wonder why.
0	Every time I move around I finish within a couple of seconds - so I've been doing exactly what you described.
0	Wasn't aware Harry Reid and Obama weren't democrats - because in 2011 that is where it was started. For the record if it was up to me our government would be slashed 50% across the board. Period. But nice revisionist history you have there.
1	Well, as long as the richest humans in history didn't have to pay additional taxes!
0	Once during New Years a buddy of mine snorted a condom and pulled it out of his mouth. Does that count?
0	Let me know when the DOD gets a human being into space.
0	Home users, without routers, using computers before Windows XP, or specifically configured to respond to ping...(or in a word, not accurate).
0	Telecoms are NOT an open market. The established players have a series of federally mandated legal advantages that make new competition almost completely impossible.
1	Wait, I thought Macs couldn't get viruses??
0	True.
0	And you can't help but flaunt your ignorance. None of us are perfect.
1	There's no way this could possibly go wrong.
0	Of course it is. People are quite happy inside a cult.
0	i wonder if it'll be anything like red star
0	I've seen teenagers on Reddit solve several economic crisis situations in almost country around the globe. Complex financial institutions, businesses, governments, all are stupid and should come in here once a day for solutions to their problems.
1	Piracy is great and is the victim's fault for not giving their product away for free. I shouldn't have to pay for things!
0	Yeah... no shit.
0	Reading the news articles it's certainly not. Right now it's another case of the internet hates women.
1	God racist is so cis racist!
0	Omigod, how long are the audiobooks?!
0	Not sure why you're posting it here, oh right I forgot, you intend to get the mods to delete the topic on the basis it's become a witch hunt.
1	Yes I know, but make them longer so there's more black space on the sides!
0	Time to build a new Internet...with blackjack and hookers
0	also low tax rate.
0	It's kind of a shame that the last 25 years worth of video codec research are getting snubbed in favor of this format in the online community.  We should have had a new animated image standard years ago, before people had enough bandwidth to tolerate video gifs.  Now we're stuck with it.
1	Yeah, but they have *culture*.
0	for what it's worth, olathe is just a subburb of KC.... not really a new city, just expanding in existing city.
1	Wait man, we're supposed to celebrate this rebel!  Fight the power!
0	That's not everyone's objective.
0	WE'RE NOT IN KANSAS ANYMORE.
0	As someone who interned at Google once, do I get like half a vote?
0	Corners are the enemy is any material. A round watchface is not going to crack or shatter when dropped, but a square phone dropped on it's corner can break with ease, no matter what the screen is made from that is just a fundamental weakness.
1	That guy from futurama is so smart.
1	The RIAA must be doing something right .
0	sure I can. They overheard a private conversation, then got them tossed. In no world is this cool, with exceptions made for plotting actual mayhem - they could literally be discussing which girls in the crowd are fuckable and, so long as they aren't loud, you leave them alone.
1	Gotta love all those government regulations, it's for our own good!
1	Only men make fart jokes, therefore fart jokes must be inherently sexist.
0	You want to control what is done on my property, buy it and make it your property.  You can't have it both ways.
1	LOLZERZ le Reddit is the best. Yes people still use digg. People still use myspace and yahoo too. You are so cool because you always say at the cutting end of technology
0	I think you replied to the wrong comment?
0	How she could get sexual innuendo out of that is beyond me.
1	I'm sure the Koch brothers would do great things for human society.
0	I haven't bought an EA game since populous on sea genesis. That game sucked and then I realized that most EA games suck.
1	It's a fake dongle reference, totally different
0	stop spamming your crap on reddit.
0	Advantage: You won't have to pull your phone out of your pocket to get the time.
0	You should get an IR bulb
0	Ahh, but any attempt to legislate information security gets exploded on by people who believe any government regulations with regard to the internet are automatically evil.
0	You can do something unethical and not be a monster. We are discussing the ethics of using someone else's property without permission.
0	It happens, I had problem sets for chemistry, physics and math. And it certainly isn't illegal.
0	Then I would question your reading comprehension.  You're welcome.
0	No doubt that ATT should have done a way better job of securing this.  In fact, it almost seems borderline negligent.  You can't tell me that they didn't have someone QA the site.
0	Pikachu approves of this.
1	Yeah, because that's what weev did. He defaced someone's facebook page.
0	And then picked up again once online stores became halfway decent? Also, one important thing to realize is that a great single no longer translates into an album sale, it used to be you had to buy the whole CD even if you only wanted one song, now you just grab the single for 99 cents. This cuts into profits because people are only buying what they want, rather than getting stuck with a bunch of songs they don't want in order to get the single.
0	Yeah, it's a fucking new keyboard layout. You'd think they were selling a way to type with your brain.
0	Yeah my too. Titty partly funny.
0	Only if your to stupid to actually learn how technology work while using you laptop, phone, e-reader, computer control car, or gps. The only thing people should really be afraid of is ignorance of the world around them.
0	Path of Exile is the current benchmark for me in this respect. Always online, free, quality gameplay, the game doesn't bug you constantly to buy things, and the microtransactions themselves give nobody an actual advantage.
0	They've still got a lot of appeal in the corporate markets. I have to admit, as a small business owner it'd be nice to have two numbers tied to one phone like the new BB does.
0	What are you talking about? If you buy a phone without a contract, it is yours and you can do with it as you please. What you are then purchasing is the service. If, however, you get your phone as a stipulation within the service contract, that is another matter and the phone is the property of the company renting it out to you with you bound to operate it solely within the confines of terms laid out within said contract.
1	They got to reuse resources freed by killing Google Reader.
0	I'm using a HD6950. I gave up on the control panel a long time ago. I use ATI Tray Tools now.
0	Not long, crackers love this shit and would be proud to be the team to take down the most recent DRM offense.
1	you know what? i *would* like to limit my gaming experience and never be able to play when my internet goes out. That sounds amazing! I also *really* want to only have the option of a small city instead of having whatever size I want.
0	Fuck it.
1	lol apple is cutting edge,yea they're definetly leaders in todays computer technology with their flagship products.
0	Except that EA has fully bought Maxis.
0	Probably. There are people who like math, aren't there? I just saw a guy on TV who opened a museum of mathematics. That guy likes math.
0	Obviously it isn't
0	OUT OF SPITE, MOTHERFUCKER!
0	Just wait until you can get an eye implant that functions like glass or a smartphone. Cyborgists are going to flip their shit.
0	The words you said was that liberty always trumps security. Is the liberty to make a nuclear device not a liberty, or are you stupid?
0	I think it was supposed to be an email/instant messaging combination...thing.  I don't know, never mind, I'm dumb.
0	What if I told you one hundred of teams worked on various parts of the surface over multiple years.
0	China: STFU NK
0	Fair enough.
0	You should look at train simulator on Steam.
0	Almost like they're a fucking business or something. Astounding.
0	The actual reason is that diesel is unnaturally costly in the US which makes the diesel vehicles not profitable in the US so Euro car makers don't bother.
1	Well if everyone would just pay their fair share!
0	Could 200 million a year feed every hungry person in America?
1	As an oil company executive, this infuriates me as well.
0	Why is Ariel not the thumbnail for every post?
0	Urging support is quite different from taking $200M from the people to fund research where *he* wants to perform research. If he wants to change the auto industry so badly, he should start his own auto research firm and get investors to assume the risk of his venture. Not fleece the American people for millions more on another failed government project.
0	Either that or people are just saving up for the PS4 or Nextbox.
0	so then tracking and advertising is ok then
0	You must be really bad at what you do. I manage an affiliate network that does seven figures a month on display.
0	Nickel?  That's interesting, in molten metal reactors the problem is finding things to replace your nickel with.
0	"Have you ever spent money on an entertaining diversion? Billions are spent every day on entertainment that could have gone to an important cause, and it's not just an ""American/Western"" thing."
0	Aren't carbon nanotubes dangerous to breathe? I have a feeling they'll end up like asbestos again if used on large-scale applications.
1	NIMBY NIMBY NIMBY!!!!!!!
0	Suddenly it all makes sense.
1	"This can't be true, I got torn to shreds a few days ago for making the retarded statement that ""a hacker would have a crack/fix out soon"", surely this is wrong, EA said the game *had to have servers*."
0	Yeah, that's usually what I do with pirating. I use it as a way to 'demo' a game I would not normally be able to before plopping down $60. If I enjoy it, I will support the developers with my cash
0	He's had visits from local authorities twice after multiple complaints from the neighbors, and didn't receive so much as a citation.   He's a nuisance, but he's a law-abiding nuisance.
1	He either joins the jerk, or he's an enemy of Reddit.
0	I think the game is going to lose a lot of players that are off-put by the hate they see generated towards and might become less interested in some of the systems because the mask of complexity that they didn't know about is removed.
0	Nearly every site that is aimed at the general public and thus doesn't need to fear that 90% of the users will have adblock on if there are too many ads?
0	This is adblock for Android, not for your browser. I don't know why you have the highest voted comment but this is pretty solid proof that redditors don't read.
1	yea it's like people who don't watch commercials. They are practically stealing the TV shows. In fact we should send them to prison!
1	totally makes sense
0	I'm seeing the argument made that in fact, it's Reader's popularity which is behind this.  The resources on the backend must be staggering.    They're going out and scraping EVERY website EVERY subscriber wants.   Then they're storing that.  PLUS metadata for each user.   And given the outcry, it's not unused, is it?
0	Google's terrible business strategy for the past ten years has been to buy a product, rebrand it, and then kill it off. They're doing the same fucking thing to Postini, their email filtering service. I'm surprised people are surprised by this shit at this point.
1	Because what Google did will boost Yahoo's confidence that a free large scale RSS service is finally viable
0	It was a nice way to keep a subscription to the podcasts I liked since I don't want to install itunes, any alternatives?
0	I've used google reader daily.  I don't think I'm alone considering it the de facto cloud based rrs reader.   Sure rss is not very user facing in a large way, but for those that know its intricacies it's a very useful tool for consuming content.  I'm very upset at the news.
1	Nah bro, only Republicans can fuck things up. Didn't you get the memo?
0	I'll let you know :)
0	I wonder how one would go about obtaining skills like this. Anybody have any tips/pointers?
0	And that is what happens.  People just get tired of it, but they keep trying to pass it over and over.  People just learn to deal with it and get over it.  Whether or not that is the right response, it can't be helped.  Also, not everyone has a great deal of time to be an activist; many people are working multiple jobs just to stay afloat and pay for bills.  It's just how it is.
1	Yea... THIS time political action will surely help us.
1	That's gotta hurt
0	Not sure what you find false, but yeah I agree overall.
1	nobody likes to be reminded that butchering animals is bad for the animals. they know it. we are all animals and we all feel pain. but when its applied to other living, suddenly its okay. just don't butcher my cat.
1	And as every woman knows, jewelry is the last thing that's ever lost.
0	What ever happened to that silver fist looking thing they took a picture of? Have we already moved on from that?
0	like they did with Half Life 2 launched and I was forced to use steam and couldnt play the game for 2 days? nope. Or when the ManCo update for TF2 happened and I couldnt get into a game? nope. Also im sure there has been a game or two launched on steam from a third party that had issues as well.
0	I did it when I attended Full Sail. We all paid for laptops that were to be available for when we started our first class. All classes required them. Three weeks into the first class, our grades are suffering and no one who was supposed to be handling it would respond to when we should expect to receive them. I got fed up and emailed every top name I could find an email address for. An hour later I had a response back from the President of the school with a precise date we could get them and a rather sincere apology.
0	Yeah yeah, you think peta cares? They ignore the lessons behind Pokemon and only focus on the dog fights...
1	Hey, it worked on Star Trek...
0	They've got a pretty big hacker culture, and having open networks is part of that from what I understand. Back when bunnie hacked the original xbox, the MIT AI lab published his findings so that it was an official release from the university and had the legal protections of research. They failed miserably at defending Aaron Schwarz and basically threw him under the bus for what he did. I mention that because it may be not too far in the future where they decide to restrict their networks.
0	If it gets a porn app on day one it'll be the best selling piece of tech ever.  I don't mean this to be sarcastic or anything, porn will be the largest, not talked about, selling point for glass.
0	I'd rather spend $8/month on a seedbox sharing movies with the world for free.  Vote with your dollars/non-dollars.
0	FiOS is good
1	We kind of screwed the pooch on pollution so we should just accept going extinct when we finally shit Earth to death and/or a giant asteroid hits us, right?
0	Which is why you don't control critical medical devices from insecure, internet connected smartphones.
0	Control + f'd just to see if anyone mentioned that this his how things work in a free market. Not surprised to see you with the only mention.
0	Yeah I knew about the leap from Dialup to broadband, but going from Dialup to 2Mbps down was like holyfuck blew my mind. Then I moved and had comcast where I get 10-20Mbps now. Holy fuck blew my mind. And now I'm fully aware of how not amazing 10-20 is and that there's better internet out there. Somewhere!
0	I take pride knowing this was Weird Science before I clicked it.
0	Didn't say it wasn't in response
0	Sadly.. the reason tactics like this are so effective is because the average person is so technically-ignorant and easily trickable. If people who used Computers put even half a minutes thought into common-sense security habits... none of this would happen.
0	If it makes you feel any better he's (in a general sense) talking complete shit.
0	Skills and beliefs are very different even in the brain. Consider how memory loss usually leaves the things you can do intact but impacting most of the rest of your memories. I would assume something like this primarily can have an effect on skills, and not much else.
0	Chill out conspiracy theorist.
0	Definately!
0	They should have to unlock it while under contract. We don't have enough competition to make telecoms not put unethical stipulations into contracts. Laws are needed.
0	I have never been on a plane. I think I am not alone.
0	81 x 7
1	Too bad my University network blocks all torrents (because torrents are bad and pirates and harming the music industry!!)
0	I've been refused my medical records (assuming optometry records are considered medical records).
0	So can we go right to the heart of the issue get an example of doctors notes?
1	The guy built a death ray, I think he knows what he is doing.
0	Right there with ya.
0	(yawn)
0	I feel like wearing glasses has the same effect. Before I broke down and started wearing them full time I could see fairly well. Now, I take them off and everything is blurry from about 4 feet out.
1	Yeah, but this big, obvious thing on my face is the REAL thing that makes recording impossible to detect.
0	that is actually right now. we've had spy cameras for decades and these days, it's pretty much impossible to tell if someone is using one or not.
0	Techdirt is like the NaturalNews of technology news.
1	Because a company that is the bastion of ethics, like we all know Microsoft is, could never do that here.
0	And people keep giving them money. Imagine that, right?
0	And this story is an excellent example of why I am not a Democrat.
0	Imagine all the great data the government can mine by warrantlessly obtaining your Glass data from Google!
0	I wouldn't care if that happened to my bank because my money is insured.
0	"They're flying, Hitchhiker's Guide style - *""Throw yourself at the ground, and miss.""*"
1	There are real people outside the US?
0	It is time to go down the rabbit hole that is modern law.
1	Because obviously government is inherently evil and anarchy is the only valid solution.
0	Enter Space X, case closed.
0	Mergers and acquisitions have always led to job reductions. That's *part* of the point of M&amp;A.
0	This would be a drone only flight. With private sector efficiency. Not close to 50 billion.
0	I don't think this would fill large cracks, it just fills small ones.  The surface is now bonded, assuming they've thought through the bonding properties and hardness, this would keep small cracks from growing into large cracks, and have no effect on cracks that are already large.
0	i try new ones ever once in a while.  Its worth having a few, like if you want 3G data while roaming, then you have to use the ATTMVNO or ATT ones, or if your in an area that has poor AT&amp;T coverage, you can jump on Tmo towers if you use their APN settings.  I have a list in my phone, comes in handy when I travel.  I am also jailbroken and tether without issue.
0	That's still better than what Georgia had up until a few months ago.
0	I have a 3d printer. It is not even remotely close to being able to reproduce itself. I also have a lathe which *is* capable of reproducing itself. In fact the lathe is the universal tool, with it you can make any other tool, including a bigger lathe.
0	It would actually be the opposite of that
0	Wacky bills that don't have a chance of passing are typically proposed by wacky representatives from wacky constituents.  They are done on purpose, without the intent of passing, in order to help the official get positive publicity.
1	That's exactly what I want to do with my phone, fuck with mods for two hours!
0	We have flying cars. They're just expensive and inefficient.
0	The one that talks badly about them.
0	Nothing but skinned IE.
0	Agreed on the pdf thing. I have GB's worth of them. All good references, but there are a lot of them.
0	Cyanogenmod? It isn't exactly hard to switch.
0	Finland actually does that for speeding tickets.
0	A weapon of ass destruction?
0	All aboard the inferiority complex anti-circlejerk-circlejerk!
0	So if it doesn't fit Coolwhip2642's definition of 'meaningful', it shouldn't be done?
0	Slow scrolling on high DPI screen (smoother scrolling)? Sure, that's still like reading on (slowly!) moving paper, but if it make it easier, why not?
0	It's just a .com boom v2.
0	It was worth it just for Starbucks. If only more places supported it.
0	Don't give Lady Gaga any ideas
0	Remember when almost all US government websites were almost impossible to navigate because they were all in adobe acrobat. I wonder who adobe bribed to make that happen.
1	Sure, the majority of artists *doesn't* create things as a hobby because they like it, you really convinced me now, thanks for letting me now that the commercial stuff is the majority of everything that has been created.
0	Isn't that please in German?
1	Maybe to us Americans and 99% of the countries on the world, the unrestricted computers would annihilate us. But think of the Asians driving vs computer controlled cars. The Asians have an average of 300 APM on Starcraft!!
0	This is not a trivial thing to do and your consumer ISP almost certainly will filter out all BGP packets. If you want to watch US videos, I'd suggest a cheap US-based VPN or hosting one yourself on a cheap VPS.
0	Oh thanks. I don't usually go two links deep.
0	Though not if you support independent artists
0	Right so, the pirate party must be about looting people's goods while in power. Rofl
0	The MPAA doesn't have a standing army yet?
1	Well that's because this is all a cover for Obama's plan to have our self-driving cars lock us in and drive us to his Marxist-fascist-Muslim FEMA camps for processing, when the time is right.
0	But where will I surf Reddit?
0	I could've sworn I read it on Engadget. But a quick search has found me wanting. Color me mistaken.
0	Does eliminate turntable rumble and wear on the vinyl, though.
1	Double life is scary.
0	I'm not sure why you just private messaged me all these technical documents and tesla research results, but, thanks..?
0	Not everyone wants a nexus 4.
0	I wasn't aware that Christianity had hired Jobs.
1	that would make too much sense, and give the user too much flexibility
1	Finally, the most pressing demands of the public are getting addressed by the President.
0	Fair enough!
1	Especially since they're only working like 30 days this year
0	Is it not possible that it will be 9 months
0	"Well, for starters, I would never have thought something like ""rounded corners"" was patentable."
0	"30%-40% us don't, and love us some ""down to earth, anti-corrupt"" politics. That minority gives us our government."
0	What a horrible day/time to snap a detailed pic! The whites are over balanced.
0	FILESHARING IS SHARING NOT THEFT MONEYTARD,  AN EMBARRASSING OPINION TO HAVE FOR A /B/TARD
0	Then we just need to go even deeper.
0	40% of all profits go towards making the customer service representatives' days just a bit better, and 50% goes towards replacements.
0	Man you have an axe to grind. I wouldn't gave known about it if it weren't for this, not sure what that has to do with Twitter or Facebook
0	That's a helluva invisible handjob.,,
1	Didn't you read the news? There's no consumer demand for these speeds...
0	Not sure what world you're living in, but internet access is not a luxury to me, it's my way of supporting myself.  It's much more than a minor inconvenience.  People would not put up with speed bumps on every freeway just because it's good for road builders or worse for fuel economy, why should I have to suffer for the greed of politicians and corporations which have bastardized something with the best of beginnings and intentions?
0	You're right, it doesn't have to be that way, yet here we are.
1	B-but money for all those lawyers etc.! You will take it away from them if you cure people going on rampages!
1	Not if this media scare and the lawmakers have anything to say about it.
0	crap, forgot to su first.  Thankfully its not on Mars.
1	Hysteria gets upvotes, online clicks, readership, and generates revenue/advertising dollars.  Without hysteria the media would have to be HONEST and people would have to PAY for good material that they wish to consume.  YOU WOULDN'T GET UPVOTES AND PRECIOUS INTERNET KARMA!  That's not how it works!
0	What could possibly go wrong with such a great idea?
0	I always saw Cook as a mediator for Jobs, they were 2 necessary halves to a singular phenomenon.
0	If someone learned it today why would they wait til tomorrow?
1	I'm sure the CEO is really hurting.
0	I said Google doesn't sell hardware in the same league as Apple does - the products you buy aren't brining in any significant amount of money for Google in the way their ads do. And investors (when you want to talk about stock prices) care about future profitability. When stocks of an ad company rise, investors expect their revenue to increase because of a strong market in that aspect. When Apple's stock is stagnant or falling it means investors believe that the hardware market is very unpredictable at the moment (which is of course logical when looking at the world wide financial crisis and consumer confidence in the market).
0	It's also is one city, in one state, in one country. And not even fully widespread there.
0	I just had dinner with Robert Pozen and he spent 20 minutes on this topic. Also, as he believes, our business tax rate is why a lot of companies keep profits overseas and why some borrow to pay dividends.
1	you should use ruby. they haven't had any security holes reported within the last few months.
0	You're in a pretty good position assuming you can actually program :p
0	Classic Jimmy.
1	Those moochers.
1	More vilifying patents. The Reddit IP law witch hunt continues! Has everything to do with patents and nothing to do with the patent holders.
0	It didn't work out for them so well last time.
1	I'm glad the authorities is aggressively trying to bring these crimes to a halt. They are so not the lapdogs for the MPAA.
0	how can you compete when i offer an identical product at a cheaper price? I also have more money for advertising and distribution.
0	Agree. I just like to nudge people off the laurels.
0	"That's protected under trade secrets ""law"". You could potentially reverse engineer it without getting in trouble, but if of the the very few people who know the recipe told you, there's a good chance you won't be seeing that guy for a good, long time depending on what was signed and laws about breaking those contracts."
0	Can data be malicious? Isn't just information?
0	Horror game fans are going to love this.
1	Cant understand.... God did it.
0	I use my bluetooth when I'm alone, I don't use it when I'm with people. That would be rude.
0	That is what it is like in my city. I think the reasoning behind this is network congestion. Everyone in my town uses AT&amp;T or Verizon, no one I know uses Tmobile and their speeds are fantastic because of this
0	Do you drive a smart/electric car by any chance?
0	Look how much projects cost. Yep more than $200 even for the shittiest of the shit
0	"The only shortage is in corporations willing to pay IT workers in America ""what the market will bear"".  Corporations are NOT free market, quite the opposite, they hate competition."
0	Well, each episode is about 40 minutes, so if you were to download about 215 episodes (not counting specials or repeated content, behind the scenes and so on), almost 6 days of watching, if you didn't watch the opening scenes and credits.
0	Joke's on them, all I do is browse reddit all day.
0	I recommend keeping those activities separate.
0	I wonder how well the various sensors used for automatic cars do under heavy rain. What sort of technology would you use? Wouldn't most sonar based approaches also get affected by the water drops?
0	The runway at the Skunk Works plant is too short for it to take off safely, and it's surronded by houses and other developments so they couldn't extend it. They couldn't test it there since it was a super classified project and they didn't want any risk of it being seen by the public.
1	If you type something like this you need to use
0	Thanks for the agreement.
0	"They *always* have a ""just a precaution"" type of excuse."
0	It's a nice gesture, but that's all it really is. It's like Hulu offering 2 minute clips of TV shows. Who the hell actually wants to watch 2 minute long clips of episodes or 7 minutes of a movie? Personally, the only time I ever watch movie trailers is at the movie theater or when the DVD player won't let me skip them.
1	You already don't have to pay income tax.  What more could you want?
0	No one reads the fucking articles.
0	The word you're looking for is 'gimmicks'.
0	I didn't imply that it did. Just pointing out that we expect our devices to handle the accidental abuse we throw at them.
0	sweet i can install an r-zone emulator when i get one
0	Oh. Is that good or bad?
0	You can get it without foxtel, all episodes are sold on itunes.
0	And you sir, are a brilliant opponent. The way you crafted your carefully thought out response to my opinion on software development, absolutely marvellous. Do let me know when you're in town, so that I can buy you a .. ney, 10, drinks.
0	Most banks that handle US currency are insolvent and teeter on the edge of bankruptcy and collapse.
1	Yea, that's what I want, ATT with cameras in my house and watching over it.  I'm sure the NSA would never take advantage of this.
0	It's free political clout; karma if you will. We already have a thread of a specific kitty picture, why not cross-post it to another sub and get more karma? Or just repost it in 6mo for more? Same thing in Congress.
1	It worked for the Patriot Act and NDAA, why not try to subvert another civil right?
1	Next they are going to tell us iPhone 5 is better than Samsung Galaxy S4
0	"Robotic prison guards would be the 1%'s wet dream. Any issues of excessive force or ""accidental"" death could be blamed on glitches and swept under the rug."
0	Lamar Smith surely has a backup plan.
1	**WE DID IT REDDIT!**
1	After all, I don't do anything wrong. Why would they come after ME?
1	Whhhhat?? You can't be serious!
0	Now I know what to do when the time comes to put mine down
0	No way of going around this? Can't an exploit work around this? Or perhaps they will just get rid of it in the newer models just like they got rid of the lens covers.
1	Of course they do! The government would never break the law to spy on us like that!
0	Ill have you know my legal team graduated at the top of their class. And they're in shape.
1	Hey, that's my ISP! According to them, I have their max speed. In practice, I'm getting around a 150 kbps download speed. I'm so glad that its either Mediacom or them in my area.
0	How does this even get considered? Would any of these people like it if a mysterious government agency wanted to watch them 24/7 with absolutely no privacy?
0	You give them money directly, instead?
0	I had no idea Iceland had some sort of reputation for inbreeding. Is it  just based on the country being a bit isolated?
0	That can already be done, and last time I checked DF wasn't GPU-accelerated, so it can be done on an average CPU, too.
0	Oh good so the guy above was wrong then and they aren't pushing a subscription model. That's great news, I was worried they were really going to push for it for more income.
0	I can't wait to buy the world's most expensive and exclusive poop. Just coat it in gold flakes and presto! Instant uniqueness and quality.
0	Haha, I love how we posted almost exactly the same comment.
0	I recall seeing a very similar video to this some years ago. I think they have been working on it for a while now, but I agree that it is unlikely to catch on due to the high GPU cost for what it is worth.
0	Thank goodness too, because i would rather our entire economic system not collapse.
0	Read the edit man! :D
0	People are actually using Facebook Home?
0	Unlimited time, you say? anons wait for the end of the universe, corporations die with the stars of their homeworlds
1	Yes, let's passively accept the Earth's destruction just so we can say we did one right thing
0	only if you cant world wide subscribers and compare it to only American HBO subscribers. This is also currently on the front page.
0	Don't worry. As long as your oil remains expensive to extract, you are relatively safe. Unless you are harboring terrorists...
0	It is if you watch the content demarcated as HD. Fancy that.
0	You can keep Google Fiber, I'll take Jessica Alba (or many others).
0	They accessed my gmail account after I posted that comment.  You?
1	The current House is the definition of sensible, that's why they voted for CISPA.
0	That's not average.
0	Realistically?  Nothing.
1	I'm shocked!!!!
0	TIL that ALL tax dollars go only toward those 3 things.
1	You're right. If you don't agree with every part of a system, you shouldn't have to participate in that system. Well, you should still be able to benefit from the system, but you shouldn't have to let other people benefit from YOUR role in the system, because you don't agree with it. It's only fair.
1	Yep, totally legit. And up to any percentage they want to take since that preamble clearly provides unlimited power.
1	To be fair, the government has the right to put old people and children in concentration camps as they did with the Japanese.  I'm glad the japanese aren't in concentration camps today, but I won't complain when they have to start
0	I didn't say that. Are you saying that the government isn't very wasteful in its spending?
1	I feel so bad for you.
1	New York State residents don't see what all the commotion is about.
0	because it's not technically part of the U.S.
0	Isn't that the amendment that states there shall be no direct tax as well? Yeah congress and the states got around that constitutional hurdle... We're fucked.
1	Well, if Obama said he would then he will, just like he did everything else he said he would do.
0	Ah, i spit out my tea while reading this.
1	Yeah, the internet is totally going to do this.
1	Please sir we all know war is just a silly word if it involves foreigners and events overseas. What happened in Boston was a tragedy; what happens everyday in other parts of the world is unimportant.
0	No, it was an attempt at an open source BlackBerry clone.
1	That's right, only the government gets to use drones to kill and surveil. Citizen drones for peace have no place in democracy!
0	One hour old? That's a pretty niche novelty.
0	the $1 is part of a larger deal they made.
0	That's not enough, listen to his testimony. The problem will still exist as long as the machines can be patched by election officials without it being traceable.
1	stealing our jobs, rigging our elections. theres just no winning with computers.
0	In case you don't know, it still has to pass the Senate and be signed by the President before it becomes law. It's only passed the House so far.
0	During my time with 8 I could not for the life of me figure out how to get that thing to work. That was *after* I went digging to find out that it wasn't enabled by default and that I had to enable it myself.
1	Not Obama?
0	I don't have a Facebook, but I'm reasonably sure that in the EULA of most such services, there is some sort of agreement not to reveal your passwords to others, which is sort of a contract.  So while it may not be illegal for them to ask you, they are in fact asking you to engage in a marginally illegal activity, and you should so inform them.
0	I'm sorry is there something wrong with someone having over a decades worth of experience? That's post grad, not counting all the programming I did as a kid, nor any of the jobs I had while in college, including managing the comp sci computer labs for two years.
1	No facebook doesn't have a like button, it's an upvote button. Reddit is the site with a like button DUH.
0	Seriousily, if your employer starts acting like a jackass, just go somewhere else. Don't bother giving 2 weeks notice or documentation, just go.
0	My company required me to get a drug test. They lied and said it was my security clearance.
0	"Somebody needs to Google ""employment at will.""  Unless you have an actual *contract,* which the vast majority of us don't, ""grounds for dismissal"" are anything they want to dismiss you for (as long as they don't run afoul of the Civil Rights Act).  They can fire you because they don't like your face or they asked you who your favorite Beatle was and you gave the ""wrong"" answer and there's not a damn thing you can do about it."
0	You could say that for a lot of things, but they are anyway
0	For some reason we decided not to have these in America :/
1	Wait, are you alleging that the MPAA is evil?
0	Do you mean an overestimate of how long or an overestimate of how soon?
0	Paul Thurott, like him or hate him, is a pretty legitimate source. If he says that he has separately confirmed that the start menu is coming back I'm confident that it is indeed coming back. Again, like him or hate him, he has sources.
0	Actually, if you finish the article, you'll see it was a fluke, which is funny, because they reference a previous incident where a young woman *does* receive predictive ads from Target, and they knew before she did.
0	I feel the same way, but then I look at just how long 12 years is.  12 years ago was a very different world than today, and 12 years from now will be too.
0	I guess we use different websites.
0	North Korea? Lets inconvenience people around the world a bit, that should teach them! WAHAHAHAHAAAAaa^a^a^a
0	To all of you who are about to say we are so totally fucked, I have one question. Have you read the bill? If you have not, then please read the entire bill and then comment.
1	Just another American patriot being tread on by evil business owners.
0	THE HOUSE. CISPA has passed the *HOUSE*. It now gets sent on to the Senate, then the President for a potential veto. It has NOT passed into law.
0	I think Lisa is saying that if you want to download the source code and compile it for yourself, that you're going to have to know command line.  Relatively few users do that though, it's usually people who want to modify the code or to optimize the binary (executable) for their particular machines and some other reasons.
0	So does the support on your account.
1	Science!
0	I'll kill him for you, removed as spam :)
0	Yo dawg, I'm going to charge you while charging you so you can pay while you pay.
0	I hope it passes just to watch you people drown in your own tears.
0	and you still get the correct result, that's how easy google is
0	At least they are consistent. Unlike other state government where scratch tickets and Keno are legal but somehow Casinos are evil and banned.
1	What a coincidence!
0	Interesting.
0	We really need a bot that parses XKCD comics and links relevant ones as replies.
0	Unbiased yeah right.
0	I think it is more likely they mean something else, instead of just ignoring it, read it, find out what they actually mean and then assess that. But hey, if your method has been working for you, carry on.
0	So he knows a lot about the browsing habits of 14 year old boys then?
0	"Really? Censor-ism? That seems ridiculous with names like ""ANAL_QUEEN"" and god knows what else around."
0	he is a chronic liar, who gives false **hope** only to do nothing about it.
1	B-b-but... **guns** are *BAD*.
0	No I think you misunderstand how framing works. Not only can subjects be biased, interviewers can too. Journalists still report biased and lazy tripe. They're at the will of whoever gets back to them first. The author of the legitimate article in the newspaper mentions reviews disappearing or so says the account of the people he's interviewing. But the way it's written suggests there's actual evidence for this. There is not. Hence lazy misreporting.
0	Yeah, it's all about the g-word. Growth. Is not enough to profit, you need to grow to keep the modern investor happy. At least when it come to public companies...and many private ones.
0	Skimmed through the comments, what does this mean?
1	Just press the  [-] button next to their name, then you won't see those comments
0	Why even bother, right?
0	Y'see, I expected it to function something like the manufacturer's recovery- at least put all the original drivers back.
0	I didn't realize you were *actually* retarded, I guess I should apologize but I'd rather not.
0	You can use Classic Start Menu 3.6.5 for free to bring back the start menu button if you need training wheels before you get used to Metro.
0	I'm guessing (number of CPU cores) * (CPU core clock). Silly and entirely non-indicative of actual performance.
0	They and other are pushing for DRM to be added to HTML5.
0	Why the hell should people who prefer Linux have to switch to windows or Osx just for Netflix?
0	I'm relatively certain. While I don't have any sources to back me up, the phonology of Commonwealth dialects favor that kind of usage much more than an American accent.
0	I judge that this is a decent judge.
1	Wait. We don't like CISPA though, right?
0	So can anyone buy it or do they have time to renew? You get where I am going with this?
0	At this point we're just making uneducated guesses without the information needed.
0	"That's because of the Executive Filter. You kind of have to have one if you work in management. Chances are 50 people just saw the words ""problem account send username password"" and because it came from IT they didn't think much of it."
0	Finish him!
0	Also those panels don't provide 24/7 power.  You are going to need battery systems to go with them and have panels that are efficient enough to power everything even when cloudy.
0	Not my point.  A currency is only as valuable as the people who accept it and it's stability in purchasing power.  Bitcoin has neither.  Also, deflation is bad, mmmk.
0	The solution, a cheap li-ion remote controlled plane with a camera on board for aiming.
0	"Because when you divide the world into ""makers"" and ""takers"" somehow the need to get more people into engineering sciences takes a backseat to bigger issues like cutting funding for Planned Parenthood."
1	I don't believe it, Facebook is doing much the same Digg did, and it can't possibly fail twice!
0	The single player games were still playable. I played guitar hero all day long. Explain that.
0	Why not make a new one?
0	That would actually be brilliant. Set up a server system for handling classified and sensitive data with a hackerspace or something like /b on top of it. The hackers are unlikely to target their own home and go after .gov and .mil domains. Meanwhile you move and store data under their noses and can keep tabs on all the hackers themselves.
0	Given the number of people who saw it, I'm sure someone did, possibly saving lives. The same thing happened a while ago when they got a school shut down.
1	Let's make sure only law enforcement have these things.  Because I trust them more than my neighbours
0	i work for a web hosting company. a ton of WordPress sites were under attack and affected several hosting companies.
1	When it has wings and a propeller, it's an RC plane. When it has one or two sets of main rotors, it's an RC helicopter. When it has three or more rotors, it's a drone.
0	What is Glow fuel? A brand name for nitromethane?
0	This is horrible, but I laughed
0	Sorry, I had to maintain the comment structure. I'm a fraud.
0	The difference being they will be unable to provide it most likely. I doubt their cable infrastructure could handle it dishing out those speeds without a massive overhaul.
0	*hahaha*
0	I'm a sysadmin and would take a blackberry over android without hesitation.
0	Shh were circlejerking here.
0	That's how multithreading works.  You use synchronization primitives to ensure that your threads don't stomp on each other.
0	Umm.. solid melts into liquid. That's how phase transitions work.
0	There are some here at Reddit need some countering and I ain't going in those subs.
0	Not only did it not turn around, it dropped even faster after the release of Win8. It certainly didn't have the effect that both MS and OEMs had hoped.
0	Some people actually use computers for science and business, not bullshit.
0	LiveJasmin
1	Must've been those terrorists who took them.
1	Hah!  Try to beat that, google.
0	Take into account how much Google has improved on that in recent past. In the past year how many websites have you gotten from Google search that ended up being malicious? Because while using Google in 2005 I'd get one occasionally (once every half year or so) I have gotten 0 in the past two years on Google search and Bing search (Bing being thrown in there in the past four months). Bing returns less malicious sites than Google used to back a couple years ago even.
0	I whisper softly and my phone with its amazing super powers picks up my voice.
0	I love all this talk about corporate suicide from Microsoft.  They could completely lose the desktop OS and gaming markets and still be a giant in the software industry.
1	"Well, if you are not ""progressive"", then your obviously a backwoods, nutjob hick. How hard is that for you hilbillies to understand?"
0	These are all rumors!  It is great to tell them we don't like something but take everything tech bloggers say with a grain of salt.
0	And how do they get reelected? Oh, that's right, the people.
0	you get gas out of your phone?
1	Lobbying - improving the usefulness and efficiency of our government since the advent of corporations
1	But you can change that EASILY by accessing a hidden menu, clicking an abstract icon, clicking through three more menus, and finally finding the power settings. What kind of idiot couldn't figure out THAT intuitive solution?
0	That doesn't make sense. You just made that up.
0	It know it's still possible, but I haven't had an IRQ related problem since Windows 95, and even then it was mostly when booting up into DOS for old games (stupid SoundBlaster!)
1	Why would you have a job if sometimes you get fired? He should get a job where this isn't a problem, it's awesome.
1	Yes because CPU performance is the ONLY thing that matters in a phone.
0	Well, that looks shit.
0	Your hate stems from your inability to adapt. Instead of blaming yourself for having poor adaption skills, your blame the OS for not being tailored exactly to you.
1	But it's not MY congressman who is being evil!
0	So...does this mean I should invest in some bitcoins, assuming they are back on an upswing, or should I stay the fuck away from them?
0	Just an example.
0	"""The survey polled 400 people""... This does not warrant the title of 'Galaxy phones are easier to use than iPhones'."
0	It seems that the IRS is implying that if Anonymous exposed all their business and personal emails in a massive data dump, they would not have a problem with it because they did not expect them to be private anyways.
1	"Just ""magically"" as these things tend to do."
0	We have PCs that are powerful enough to last us at least a few more years, the casual market could be using a PC from 5 years ago without any problems. Most people who are not going to be creating or gaming would most likely just op for a tablet or notebook sort of deal. This doesnt really surprise me much.
0	I don't know how or why the IRS would be doing this but it's been an open secret that the NSA has done this since at least the early 80s.
1	Good point, white straight males are not allowed to be mad at anything because they are less persecuted than many other groups of people.
0	Best of luck to them. Crush the trolls!
0	That's after wear levelling and other tactics. Each memory cell has much fewer rewrites than that.
0	This is already happening. Right after Google Fiber rolled out in Kansas City, Comcast announced an arbitrary 10 Mbps increase in speeds across the board. I'm four states away from Kansas City.
0	No, this move is AT&amp;T's way of trying to squash Google Fiber before they get big. It's the opposite of competitive practices.
0	As seen here, in downvote-metrics.
0	Hurray for real competition!  Something the market for ISP's definitely needs.
0	that doesn't fix the backward compatibility, they are still written for a different architecture, regardless of if it's downloaded or on a DVD.
0	Where's Alan Kay?
1	Makes sense. FB is the last method of communication between individuals in existence which could be used to leak proprietary information so its important to close this loophole.
0	With somewhat normal websites, you aren't likely to hit 2GB even with 73 tabs open on 12 windows and 8 active addons i'm juuuust under 1 GB in commit.
1	Shouldn't they release the first version of thunderbolt before working on the second?
0	I hope that Google Fiber comes to your neighborhood, just so you can fulfill your promise made here today.
1	What? We're always one of the FIRST to get these types of things in our city! Google Fiber: Coming to Sheboygan Q4 2013
0	$55 billion for 20 million homes. $11B annually for 5 years.
0	Except there is no way that you can trust a device to comply.
0	15 a month aint bad....but I get what your saying.
0	"I agree, Master Chief's story should have ended at three, the whole ""drifting endlessly in space"" ending just feels more right than a return of the forerunners, or whatever Halo 4 was about.  (Playing the entire campaign with your brother on splitscreen leaves little room for storytelling)"
0	you...I want you in my bed
0	Can the Navy add a cool red, blue or green beam behind it? So it appeals to the Star Wars geek in me.
0	I don't have cable.  It's a waste; the only show I watch that I've not been able to find and legally stream is Game of Thrones.
0	Me too...and I love FPS games too...I feel like the only person left in the world who doesn't play FPS multiplayer and actually buys games for the single player campaign.
0	If I take off the cost of software, OS, and my monitor. It cost me ~$1160 to build a kick-ass device.
0	Sorry, I'm jumping ship and going back to PC. Console companies are just simply too greedy.
0	I am sorry for the attitude in my last post, but when you use facebook as a business tool, facebook suddenly becomes the product and i wouldn't really complain about paying a small amount for that.
1	Funny how the narrative around the DC's demise has changed. Piracy huh? Yeah dialing up to IRC for an 800mb ISO download that often was altered content wise to fit on available CD-Rs was a real console killer.
0	My wife is my most frequent text recipient and we used to message over google talk and now use google messenger.  Works fine for us.
0	Damn.  You should be in charge at Microsoft.
0	This might sound ignorant, but I've never been a playstation guy myself so I have never played online on PS3.  Does Playstation's online play really have no parties at all?  That seems like that would be something I would have heard about a lot more since thats the main reason I play online in the first place.
0	You cannot sideload Metro apps. That makes it a closed system.
0	Speaking from experience, if you aren't getting laid regularly they are a decent substitute.
0	Why would anybody be surprised by the actions of a lowlife scumbag politician like Biden? He has proven that he hates America and freedom. His actions support my assertion.
1	Piracy is breaking the fucking law. I'm sure if you guys were in the copyright owners' position, you would totally side with this plan. But of course, all corporations are evil and we're all entitled to free stuff, right?
0	"Tell the ""Cost is irrelevant"" story directly to NASA then. Seriously."
0	Did you read the article? He's basically saying they have more important stuff to spend their money on.
0	Fair enough. Thanks for clarifying.
0	What was the massive UI departure between Vista and 7?
0	You can send voice messages with Whatsapp too
0	People still use Vista and it seem to work fine for me. My friend had issues playing some games before on Win 7, but I didn't.
0	I think Google may have something to say about that.
0	Yeah, just like how people didn't want tablets four years ago.  I'm so glad everyone gave up on that idea.
0	And fuck you too, AT&amp;T!
0	After 7 years there is no guarantee of it being free, but it may still be free.  It is always good to put time limits into contracts even if you fully intend to make it permanent.
0	I want Lake Travis area to be connected! My parents live there, and it would probably make me visit a lot more haha.
1	It sure is nice that a Senator donates 100 million to NASA.
0	You should wait a couple of days for the Pirate Bay edition of the game then. That doesn't require an always-on connection. It's morally justified to download an additional copy that works without any artificial restrictions once you've purchased a paid version from the company.
0	"So is this kinda like,""I'm sorry we really can read all of your messages."""
0	Its their cable plan.
0	If you're only semi-literate it's no call to insult me when I respond to your response.
0	Image posts are not allowed on this subreddit. Links to articles with more information are welcome.
0	You can request it, but can you request it be deleted?
0	At this point it should be common knowledge that Facebook operates from the premise that privacy doesn't exist or that people don't actually care about it.
0	It isn't much, but I hate the fact that it doesn't have an SD slot.
0	Why doesn't the FBI just ask their pals over at the NSA for any information they might need, since they're logging every goddamn keystroke in the country?  Might as well put that $2 billion data-center to work!
1	yea google doesnt track anyone at all!
0	tmobile will still give you cheaper phones, it just becomes an item on your bill that comes off when the phone is paid for. Compare that to existing companies, where they figure the cost of the phone in to yuor monthly bill but it never goes down even if you own your phone.
0	Well, there's only so much you can do with mods. It sounds like a great way to add some more replay value to the game. I'll have to download and play around with some.
0	In the episodes, wasn't the *implied* time investigators tried to solve the issue longer than the on-screen time? Or is that the joke?
0	I believe it was Phoenix (what became Firefox).
0	They have managed to make a lot of good movies along the way though.
1	Bank robbed, money is now worthless.
0	See also: Android.
0	That was quick.
0	Bitcoin is the Google+ of currencies. It's trying really hard to be cool, but we all know it's never going to catch on. I'm not saying I'll never use it, just that I'll *almost* never use it.
0	That should be possible with an addon. Shouldn't be too hard. BTW, it would be even better to have a custom keyboard shortcut for it so you don't even have to type the site name.
1	Yeah. I'll get right on that.
0	Yes, I know that. I was just saying he used a mathematical symbol to express something verbal.
0	"There are multiple definitions for sport, and one of them has always been ""diversion; recreation; pleasant pastime"", long before it had any definition that implied anything physical or athletic."
1	Because as we all know, every member of Congress is an expert of all things technological and internet.
1	Well, if you're anti-government you're clearly a terrorist.
0	lol... cute.
1	democracy, fuck yeah!
0	how does any of this work if based in another country?
0	Then find an innovative way to get it there.
0	Evidence is ancedotal, but honestly if I want iTunes results I open up iTunes. When I google it's because I'm looking for a Youtube video, or a lyrics site, or a Wikipedia article ect.
0	It is a ponzi scheme that will last as long as new people are drawn in.
0	"They're hoping for the next ""big hit"" like Facebook or Twitter. If they try everything one of them might stick."
0	Roundabouts work great when dealing with people who understand how roundabout works. But if they're just going to stop at the yield sign anyway it's not much of an improvement, either for traffic flow or my blood pressure.
0	Powered by the Chrysler turboencabulator.
0	Isn't this the same guy who was trolling a bunch of big companies with a patent a while ago?
0	Except that it's not really a narcotic.  Modafinil doesn't feel like anything.  If I've had four hours sleep, I can take 100mg and feel like I've had 8 hours (for a time).  It adds some focus (but not a lot).  It's really almost nothing like an amphetamine.
1	Yes because a single event makes his entire point invalid.
0	And why do I get purple?
0	Doesn't anyone find it strange that taxpayers subsidize a luxury car that only the top 20% can afford.
1	If only I lived in a country that didn't protect intellectual property.... For shame America
0	A subtle jab at Microsoft.   Microsoft's next version of windows is codename is blue.
0	0 is pretty absolute, don't you think?
0	Do you? Is it?
0	I think you will be surprised by the amount of people that won't know it's a joke
0	Veuillez is imperative of vouloir.
1	"Ah yes, quotes are the best! Especially when concepts like ""enemy"" aren't wholly amorphous, subjective, and situational."
0	Good luck not being evil now that you're in bed with sauron
1	Based on the speculation that the NSA is already analyzing all worldwide communication at their new facility in Utah, the FBI should just team up with them and just bypass this hurdle with obtaining warrants.
0	I don't know about anyone else but if I found out Google refused to comply and issued a statement of civil disobedience my next step would be to buy Google stock.  No lie.
1	Yes, more people die from war now than during the dark ages.
0	Sure Pepsi can have my secondary junk facebook account details in exchange for a free soda.
0	NZ would flex it's full leverage over the United States of America!
0	What about offline porn sites?
1	I liked the part where he just wrote off nuclear power in one sentence with a vague unreferenced claim that it is an unrealistic alternative.
0	People hates Monty Python I guess... Or they just hate things they don't understand.
0	I never thought of it that way before.
0	I just listened to that one.  The Swedish Rhapsody(little girl) is the creepiest I've heard though.
0	Buy a playstation you fucking pleb
0	Again this goes back to a unified experience.  On tablets and smartphones taking over the entire screen makes more sense so the desktop is handled the same way.  You can, of course, dock it to the side where it would accessible while other apps are used.  And when that's not enough fall back to the old desktop.
0	Dude, don't listen to their new stuff, it's crap. You gotta get their first album and some of the demos and b-sides they released back when their bass player was still there.
0	Yet people always use this sort of thing as the reason they wouldn't buy an electric car.
0	all my turds are asexual :(
0	Hey, I hope you're wearing skis because that slope you're standing on is looking a bit slippery.
1	But, but, it's Google! They can do everything, right?
1	Well stop damnit I want more apps on my phone.
0	And also that he can just fucking admit when he screws up.
1	I can't remember the last time I was browsing Steam and saw an add for some stupid TV show or something along those lines. Maybe I'm blind?
1	yea offering it for free on southparks website is much worse.
0	damn, fark really sucks these days
0	Facebook's response: I know what we need to do to be able to fix this ... *more ads*.
1	That would just take too much effort.
0	But what are you gonna do about it? Vote with your wallet? Everybody is just as bad and you probably don't have a choice anyways.
1	One company that will control and record all information. What could possibly go wrong?
1	I do see the obvious parallels between the beanie babies business model and the facebook business model. Very good point.
0	Its Japan. They dont acknowledge us peasants.
0	They frankenstein'd it
1	Oh my god... Bitcoins are used to buy drugs!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Warning to anybody else who has a computer producing sound in any way: loud as shit when you open it!
0	MS does good once in a while - this yet another example that will largely be ignored. I'd rather have my name mentioned by Microsoft than be paid an uncredited cash reward by Google..Give a man a fish, teach a man to fish logic here.
0	Answer the question about the rep nicely. The other two questions? Give them 1's. Only one question actually affects the rep.
0	"If by ""around the corner"" you mean ""possibly the first half of this century"", yes."
0	Depends.  Some Verizon phones (iPhone, for example) are world phones with both CDMA and GSM radios.  Mine has a Verizon SIM in it.
1	It is socialism if everyone pays taxes by the same law.
0	Didn't mean to offend, I was just pointing out the absurdity of attempting to pursue meaningful conversation with what amounts to a pop up ad.
1	"My forefathers came to this country to be uptight christian prudes, don't you infringe on my freedom by asking me to pay for ""roads"" and ""our troops""."
0	Back to myspace ?
0	And who wrote those loopholes?  I know I didn't vote for them.
0	For agency with almost non-constrained funds getting the raw power is easy, so I meant -- how do they pick relevant data? 2PB is quite a chunk to crunch. Unless 1.99PB is pr0n, then nevermind.
0	Not all games have mods.
0	"You stated that ""demanding activities"" means a family. I don't have a family. Does that mean that I should be available whenever my employer hollers? Fuck no. It doesn't matter whether one has ""demanding activities"" outside of work or not. If they're outside work, they should not be expected to answer anything, period."
1	Thanks, I didn't get the reference.
0	Nobody is talking about reproducing copies.  I'm talking about just selling the print I bought.
0	Yes. I just said that.
0	Internet Creating Ballistic Missiles
0	Not in a 0.1 second Google search from anywhere in the world though.
0	It's available now; it just takes computational time.
0	Because most states do not have the money to pay.
0	I check my phone to do what I want to do. I'll ignore emails, texts or phone calls whenever I want. The device doesn't control the person, the person merely allows to be controller by the device.
1	Hey, we're just getting ready to employ all those teens that are always on their phones. I mean, what would we do with them if we didn't give them a job that required they be on their phones all day?
0	Also, girlfriend phone and wife phone.  Again, don't want to cross the streams. :3
1	Oh right because questioning always means sarcasm.
1	Masters in CS? Hell, I can phone that in.
0	"Is it a legit Georgia Tech degree, or would it still be considered an ""online degree""? I'm assuming one would have to apply like a normal student, meaning not just anyone could get in, making it a legit Georgia Tech masters degree."
0	I know of plenty of phones from fucking 2012 that are now ignored.
0	Can't manage my iphone for shit. I can sync it once if I restore it, then it'll never connect with itunes again. I've had this problem with every iphone I've had, but didn't use to. I think it may be my computer but I don't know what the fuck to do to it to make it work. It's very frustrating.
0	Teens age. We just can't afford the luxury of having the prerequisite patience for allowing that to happen in real time ... on the Internet.
0	Oh, thanks!  It's certainly not a novel idea of mine, but I might be *relatively* alone in thinking that for all his billions, Zuckerberg blew a big shot at total immortality in creating a protocol we'd still be using in 30 years instead of a site that'll be forgotten in ten.
0	Try and unfriend your most popular friends fron Facebook.
0	brother in law
1	So should we make it illegal because it has a high rate of addiction
0	I'd take just Internet but the price for just Internet is the same as the price of Internet and basic cable. So I have both just in case I need cable for something.
0	Did you read the article? They tested it and made a video.
0	Well at least that's not totally scumbag.
1	Egregious based on principle. Multiply it by the amount of clients, and the resultant sum is in fact that. While we're at it, how about every person in North America gives me a penny off their paycheque for the rest of their lives. They won't feel it.
0	"""No sir, you had downloaded the ""av-eh-gars"" it's a action movie and that's why your internet was shut off"""
0	Bears beets battlestar galactica.
0	Most pre-paid smartphone plans come with 2/3 of the services unlimited(Data, text, and/or minutes).
0	By bashing Apple, obviously!
1	Obviously Kim hasn't actively enforced his patent and so clearly has no right to sue.
1	But then where do they get all their executives Christmas bonus money from?!
1	Yet another terrible government investment. They just got killed by the interest rate risk.
0	It's one thing to broadcast your opinion over the internet (e.g. twitter), but it's another matter entirely to challenge people who don't share your opinion and be stubbornly pedantic about it (i.e. demanding evidence).
0	Your vague, ethical definition of extortion is meaningless when this is a legal exception.
0	People are infringing his IP. How's it feel, Kim, you big fat hypocrite?
0	$11.2 million really doesn't go far in the space game
1	OMG I NO RITE! LYK Y DO DZ KIDZ NEED 2 LRN STF? LTL FGTS DEY R.
0	Is it for reddit just because somebody posted a link to it here?
0	Unjustified. Windows 8 is great.
0	I did at first, but then I realized I don't use it for anything other than opening my pictures/documents folders and My Computer. I spent an hour categorizing all of my apps and giving them custom tile icons with OblyTile and now I don't think I could go back.
0	Oh the humanity!
0	Ubuntu is garbage now. I recommend Mint. You can still run a VM in Windows.
0	Mahlzeit!
0	That's cool, I can't wait to get one of these!
1	You should be. This is serious stuff.
0	What screwed up with Vista was 64 bit driver support for third-party products.  Once that got handled and Vista stabilized, it was/is a solid OS.  I still run it on machines at my offices.
0	I find it hard to believe you have lived this long without realizing how stupid people are.
0	The definition of invasiveness when it comes to privacy is not limited to the sale of information to third parties as a source of revenue.
0	The military is preparing to fight the war they want to fight, not the one they gonna fight. They are preparing to fight a full scale war with an ussr like enemy, but the problem is that country didnt exist and they will end up bombing Islamist with 300 millions dollar jets.
0	"Not sure what you mean by ""You guys"" as I do not myself pronounce it that way. Then again, I don't even know which of the two words you're even talking about."
0	It is starting to sound like an episode of the Californians.
0	as in: you are a git.
1	It's may-may, like French!
0	i like peeanists
1	Because I deserve to be treated like a king on my $55 round trip flight to Salt Lake City!
0	How do you know we haven't all been pronouncing it right and you're the only one?
1	Just because it's right doesn't mean it's correct!
0	"Really?  Because anyone who I've ever heard say ""Ghif"" is met with funny looks and awkward silence."
1	I like the cut of your gib.
0	People who prefer one syllable to three?
0	TL;DR, but this feels like it's from 1999.
0	After using Deluge I switched from uTorrent immediately. It's clean, no nonsense and tiny :)
1	Its too bad America is the only country on earth. A shame really.
0	How so? If their advertisers are buying PPC they'd make $0 from me because I never click ads. And if they're buying PPI they're making $0 from me because with Adblock I never see those ads in the first place. In either case no one's gaining a dime from my visit, but no one's losing money either.
1	I think you spelled non-postscript wrong.
0	because they like exclusives, its one of the driving factors of consoles. Just look at all the comments saying the PS does this better and whatnot. Fanboys gunna fanboy
0	I believe it's time for Google to get into the health industry.
0	I think it will be dead.
1	"This sounds totally unnecessary, 3D printers should only ""print"" guns"
1	"This sounds totally unnecessary, 3D printers should only ""print"" guns"
0	I think the value of this is who the article is by. I saw it over the last few days on techdirt and torrentfreak; but cnet has a slightly different demographic; i.e.: the studios are more likely to successfully, publicly, dismiss the previous two as catering exclusively to pirates.
0	Well it's not nails but needles. But I still can't think of any sane reason someone would do that to his balls.
1	yeah, computer science isn't REAL science!
0	"The hate for Sony goes much, much deeper, but it may reverse if the next Xbox has a ""always online"" requirement."
0	No, you're thinking of Apple. I've been to conferences and listened to paper presentations by Google. They do contribute to the research community.
0	Did you look at smartphones recently ? They are ~as big as a bigger USB drive you subtract the screen and the battery. You also dont need stuff like baseband or a camera.
0	This only possible thing I can think of is that Skype might be used on the next generation of Xbox. I use Skype and Xbox Live extensively so I love the idea of cross compatibility chatting on PC, iOS, Android, and Xbox. Plus the audio quality of Skype compared to the current audio quality of Xbox Live a joke.
1	"It's what one does when they get extremely angry. ""Dad got so mad at Molly for illegally downloading midget horse porn that he started screaming and torrenting through the house""."
0	I'll stick to watching things on Netflix or HBO. I'm still not giving my money directly to the studios and I'm not stealing either. Its a win-win.
0	Anyone else still waiting on Rossi and Focardi to let us in on what their secret catalyst is? Also, weren't they supposed to be setting up a factory to build these things this year?
1	Yes, but the user base!
0	Fuck the car dealers.  They are blood sucking rent seekers, and provide little to no value.  I'm happy to see these motherfuckers go down if this model for distributing cars takes hold.
0	Yeah I would love a breakdown on the pricing.
0	I've gotta try me one of them cuc-pakes one of these days.
0	"They knew there would be consequences.  They were probably hoping for public sympathy.  ""Hey guys, we were trying to save you from ads and give you more freedom, but mean old Google is raining on your parade."""
0	In the future our society will just be one giant tangled circle of advertisements
0	so what do you do that is worth while, write high school emo style comments about how other peoples work sucks?
0	"""I don't like this"" has never been a very good excuse for downvoting stuff."
0	If everyone is living in poverty, who buys the products that the robots are producing?
0	The device needs to be available in Latvia.
0	0.33, according to wikipedia.
0	Who cares?
0	Nash... That's SpaceX, but Tesla is a good runner up.
0	They could still make them look better.
1	They also got rid of that jail bait subreddit and ban people for doxing. Fucking internet Nazis, right?
0	So, I know it sucks, but I did get a good laugh out of how Yahoo making an intelligent decision has become newsworthy.
0	If there's anyplace that needs to get fiber it's the Boston area. One of the biggest concentrations of science and technology in America and I'm stuck with Cablevision? Fuck that.
0	Other TV shows that tell them what's good for them, like Coke and McDonald's.
0	You are correct, as evidence by unlurkftw's reply to me.  Though I doubt that expressing racism in a racist subreddit that is not default is really doing anything to expose the viewpoint.  Reddit though it may be, a racist-themed sub is still in one of the dimmer corners of the internet.  I mean, people are unlikely to just casually navigate there one day and be exposed to the viewpoint, thus causing reexamination of a world view.
0	Everyone is complaining about their cell phone providers, and I'm just sitting here with my Tracfone, only paying about $0.04/minute.
0	Ah, could be.  I hadn't looked at their stock price.  Since 2004 or so they've been steadily declining.  It looks like they've managed to basically hold steady in 2013, but they certainly don't seem to be doing very well.
0	Not even Firefox **Browser** got it.
1	Take out a huge student loan!!
0	Yes, corporations aggressively look out for themselves, just like anyone else. Welcome to life.
0	Well, maybe Richard Pryor in Brewster's Millions.
1	Oh, yeah. Bitcoin operators guilty of violating financial regulations, but none of the TBTF banks are worth a prosecution. Brilliant.
0	50 less space, same quality/bitrate according TITLE OF THE DAMN ARTICLE
0	Haha jokes on you, I pirate all my books anyways.
1	Hey now, they somehow got a warrant to abuse the shit outta their power down at the DoJ!
0	Bitrate shouldn't have been used, obviously 10Mbit is 10Mbit, but VP9 can get the equivalent quality with up to a 50% lower bitrate.
0	No.
0	I don't want to get into a historical debate, but are you saying the Union was not justified in fighting the American Civil War without a declaration of war? They didn't declare war because doing so would imply recognition of the Confederacy, which they insisted was not an independent nation.
0	I wouldn't take any chances. It's not like people *aren't* being actively sued for pirating.
1	Did someone say inalienable rights are next?
0	What, like selling a tablet where the only compelling feature is that it can run a version of Office?
1	The Australian government infringing on civil rights without any due cause?!?! I'm so shocked!
0	Hello.
0	Um... did they get it? No so it's kind of irrelevant. Nice try though.
0	$0.12?  Are electricity rates changed at all if you have a electric car?  Because if I got Tesla I'd be charging it at $0.35/kwh.  Can you get a 2nd meter for just the car?
0	Yeah, that was kind of my point.
0	And then Blizzard announced Diablo 3 for consoles, which supports offline.
0	If it has commercials, I just don't watch it at all.
1	oh right, they're HD radio waves.
0	I still haven't forgiven them for canceling Better Off Ted, so good riddance.
1	You mean the currency invented by printing press manufactures?
0	It won't login to Skype at all anymore/currently. Other than that it's the best free multi protocol IM client for Android that I'm aware of.
1	Barry Logan should have offered to help the artists who had their copyrighted work illegally used sue the web developer for millions.
0	Exactly. Any legitimate business with big trade secrets should not be sharing them over software they don't control. That's just Business Tech 101.
0	"Amazing.  Perfectly cogent and accurate point getting buried for no apparent reason.  We're seeing the replacement of the flip phones at the low end with the budget Android devices.  It's not an ""excuse"", or an indictment of Android as a platform versus iOS; it's just the facts.  iOS and Android are both still growing, and not at the expense of each other."
0	For me at least,their content is not even worth pirating.
0	most likely unpaid internship that requires 2-3 years experience.
0	Spent 2 minutes whitelisting non-offensive urls in noscript and request control, couldn't get anything past the header to load, de-whitelisted every url on the site and left.
1	Yeah, send all those dirty whores back to Craigslist where they belong.
0	It seems to sell itself to smaller, local businesses. If consumers can find bad reviews of a shady operation, businesses ought to be able to avoid con artists too.
0	Slightly off-topic, but I just want to be able to play Eternal Fighter Zero on newer versions of Windows without feeling like I'm removing my own appendix with a rotary sander. Have you ever had to force quit Explorer.exe as a necessary step to get a program to run properly? It isn't fun.
0	Could it still be steered?
0	This loophole is easily closed.  Simply start flying drones over professional sporting events and broadcasting the video.  Quickly, flying drones would be severely restricted.
0	I think there was a vote for alcohol to be sold in restaurants on Sundays this past November. Not sure what was the verdict.
0	I cannot hear you over my Yuropean freedom! yuropa fuck ya!
1	Because it is in the best interests of dealers to provide honest info.
1	Oh no, how horrible. Worst OS ever.
0	"Outlawing the business practices of one company to prevent ""unfair competition"" against others? Yes, yes it is."
0	I'm pretty sure you can order a car online from any manufacture, now if it gets sent to your house or a dealer, I don't know.
1	gee whiz, who would have guessed?
0	I personally use both. I find Dropbox better for getting raw files from anywhere, and Google Drive is good for constantly edited documents, like class notes.
0	You out hipstered me.
0	... don't forget blackb- hahaha I can't do it
0	Tesla stock skyrocketted 30+% last week, up 14% or so today... God damn I wish I could've bought some stock even a month ago.
1	Right. Just think of all the poor people who have been burned to death because their phone overheated in their pocket. It's not like there's a built-in limit to how much power a CPU can draw or anything.
0	"I'll make a substantive argument when there's a substantive claim. This whole ""the world is evil and out to get me personally"" bullshit is such a simplistic view of the world, it's as if it's from a child's coloring book."
0	First one... maybe 2 months of on &amp; off hobby time.  You could probably do it in a weekend if you were really dedicated, but it's a bit overwhelming initially.  Read up on the Reprap site and educate yourself completely *before* you get started and you'll save a lot of confusion.
1	I would *never* have expected protectionist drivel from the French government.
0	When you lease a car, you don't have to pay it off completely before having any work done. The contract has you on the hook for its full value even if you totally destroy it.
0	Yeah cause that's totally happened in the 15 years the ISS has been in operation.
0	Awesome! About how expensive was it for you to build one?
0	Ceramic knives.
0	It's not just guns. What if someone used a printer to make an entire atomic bomb?
1	Yeah, because the only thing that anyone is ever going to use their 3d printers for is making weapons. Makes sense.
0	"""Nationalist China"" is called the Republic of China, ""Communist China"" is called the People's Republic of China. Due to most nations accepting the ""One China"" policy and in order to avoid mix-up, they are simply referred as China and Taiwan. I understand what you are trying to say but they both have actual names, not ""-ist China""."
0	It's called Android.
0	No SPDIF, no sale. HDMI is basically DVI+SPDIF, though. Plus DRM that nobody wants.
0	Newspapers barely do language well and that is core to their business, and we are supposed to trust their math? No thanks.
0	When I started in 2005, it wasn't bad. I became an admin, contributed a lot. Then more people with serious socialization issues started migrating there because it encouraged them to act in ways that aren't productive: you want to argue about an asinine detail and hold back progress? This is your website. I went to several gathering and while most folks were fine (erring on introverted, but nothing wrong with that), there were also a handful of folks that had tendencies you see in those with Aspergers--and they're often the ones that cause the most havoc online and discourage the useful editors from continuing. I had one guy challenge a source I saw *with him in person* on a hosted visit to a history center. I even went back and photographed the file to prove it was real. LOL.
0	I like certain aspects of a Socialist society like a public law enforcement system, sanitation, library system, fire department, health care.
0	Has Zuckerberg done anything that doesn't portrary him as the douchebag that he is?
1	sensationalist titles? oh no... that never happens. ever.
1	yeah because drilling for oil has no financial gains involved.
0	The trouble with investment is that it's a gamble. For every success story, there are multiple failures. One of such big failures was Solyndra, who also got government funds and cost the taxpayers way too much.
0	How? Explain yourself. Android has encryption and there is no backdoor. How is iPhone superior in this area?
0	I was just generalizing, im sure there are lots of people that are for this but not anti-gun.
1	Oh no! People will ditch tv for internet! That sounds horrible!
0	What the hell are you paying for tv? I got basic cable ($35) and the adventure pack ($7) for Discovery Channel and a couple other channels I don't watch, and that's it. Right now, there's only a couple channels I don't get that I want, but I can deal without them.
0	"This just in: *""How bankers ~~allegedly~~ stole ""unlimited"" amounts of cash from taxpayers in just hours. No charges filed.""*"
0	I didn't even know that was a subreddit, but I love the concept.
1	Oh that sounds like it will be cheaper!
0	Because AMC can sell more ads on those peripheral channels.
1	A pneumatic pump can make anything fun though... Let's not give them reason to regulate them!
1	Yeah, and reddit encourages exploitation of minors as well
0	"Q has allowed Picard answers to yes or no questions about wtf is going on with the time traveling. At one point he asks, ""is it a romulan plot? A ploy to..."" and gets upset because Q interprets it as two questions."
1	"Good thing companies that make ""phones, tablets, and other mobile devices"" don't have a lot of money or incredible amounts of lobbying influence!"
1	Because for the childrens
1	Hey guys, the government is trying to keep child porn off the internet. Better go grab it all while you can.
0	no, cause I'll have a downloaded gun. duh
0	You know what, for the first time in my life, i will seed this torrent.
1	Yep, that's exactly it. No place for charity in a free society. Plus, with our awesome over-reaching government, nobody dies ever!
0	The files don't violate any law, even if downloading it from another country does.  If they did, all the other files for making guns would be taken down as well.  Nope, they're focusing on the *plastic* one that's plastered all over the media because it's getting attention.
0	Great, give the government another thing to try to extradite him over.
1	They're just ensuring the free market works the best way possible. You just don't understand how the world works. Trust in them, they know better than you how to work with business.
0	Version 4.2.
0	I can go to the local grocery store and pluck a knife off the shelf that would be sufficient to murder everyone in the building. And as far as i am aware there hasnt been a single homicide there.
1	Is that supposed to be the branded Tesla onomonopia sound?
0	Maybe you are confused, but this means any action or anything you say in a trivial way can be taken out of context and turning into a big thing.  Could even get you charged with a crime.
0	And in both cases you can't do jack squat about then recording you.
0	Maybe as a teenager? But I agree condoms aren't such a big deal. But then let's say somebody takes a picture of you enter a sex shop or even in the sex shop of you buying some weird stuff. Do you really think nobody would have a problem with such picture becoming available online and connected to that person trough facial recognition?
0	He is going to end up the next Bill Gates at this rate.
0	Nope, lots ofthr dark and light grey, but I see them in all colors
0	What capacity of a battery did you end up getting?  Beautiful car.  I was thinking about leasing one in a year or two.
0	It seems evident that she put the eBay clause in just for completeness of the article, not because she really wanted to sell them.
0	Do we need to bookmark this comment and slap you with it in five or ten years?
0	Something that stupid deserves a downvote, sorry.  Proper link now in comments.
0	What's this gen 2 and gen 3 you are talking about?
0	No, they fuckin' yo buttholes.
0	Only one person has to do it once and distribute the means to.
1	At least  now you've learned not to speak out against Reddit's mob mentality and everything they circle jerk to.
0	Am I the only one who doesn't mind advertisers keeping track of me so I don't have to watch ads for tampons and hair care products?
0	Flashblock baby!
0	"If it said ""3rd party cookies are......"" that would have been pretty accurate."
1	Thats a shame.
0	Ah, the brave new world of litigating the disrespect of Intellectual Property.
0	Yay, fuck privacy!
1	You actually LIKE Creative Cloud? Must be a shill!
0	He fistbumped me once!
1	But they might add the rights to pot and gay marriage, so that makes it ok.
0	It is especially troublesome with hip hop.  It is hard to find music without DJs or reuploaders talking.  Even if you can, chances are the song was slowed down or sped up to get around the copyright bots.
0	I tend to be pretty old-skool about audio.
1	But his last comment had the possibility of getting buried! He had to do this. He just had to!
0	That seems about right for sure.
0	Why would they need to accuse the white house of selling out to corporate interests when they are owned by corporations?
0	I'm sorry kim uploaded pictures of you being fisted by your dad. That was really uncool. Now look at you. All jaded and cynical an shit. But at least you got famous for that Goatse pose where you showed the whole internet what was done to you. A real tragedy. Now you got chlamydia. Damn. You just can't get a break, can you? buahahaha
0	Everything I know is a lie.
0	If the start screen didn't dominate my entire field of view I would agree with you
1	But now the words are going to be too small!
0	(He's lying, fuck off)
1	You are so wrong.  Think of all the money the government/military complex can make off of homeland surveillance.   Remember boys and girls the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan are winding down and we need to keep profits up.  Just keep your head down and don't talk back.  Everything will be okay.
0	"Once I went to a laptop with a 2880x1800 display, my old 1366x768 screen looked like a huge pile of shit. Even 1080p looks just OK. I strongly encourage people to at least try a better screen to see whether their 1366x768 screens will still be ""good enough""."
0	iirc, employee salaries are an expense and not part of net profit.
0	Source: A piracy website.
0	You sure about that? A whole new patent system means a lot of litigation and appeals which means a lot of billable hours for a lot of hours. Also, is the problem the existence of patents or the existence of patent trolls?
0	This will not combat piracy in any way. Adobe supports piracy
0	"I tried, and it was all like ""grr give us a cell phone number or you can't make an account"" and i was all like ""well frig im too lazy to go any farther."""
0	I think you are looking for the Curry-Howard Correspondence.
1	My bad for pointing out a major security flaw. Please forgive me
0	This useless factoid gets posted weekly in r/politics, might as well start the trend here, too.
0	They used to make encryption algorithms illegal. But they don't anymore, because it's *stupid*.
1	Wait... You're telling me John Qwerty didn't invent the QWERTY keyboard?
0	well ain't that some shit
0	I don't know, my WP7 phone is going on 3 years old now and it just got an update a few months ago. Sure it'll never get WP8, but I can hardly argue about it when they completely changed the kernel.
0	That's quite a bit when you're selling in volume.
1	I'm sure that Apple makes that easy for developers, and that they put all the assets into one bundle because they don't know anything about file sizes.
0	"""Want to present in court?"" It would be inadmissible in court as it was obtained without a warrant. More of an invetigative tool."
0	I downvoted you because your statement is pretty much a specific comment that anything you choose not to believe must be a lie.
0	Like Android? Like Chrome? Like Gmail?
0	Then it wouldn't be reasonable.
0	Just a tip if you ever find yourself doing a lot of that, use a razor blade to spread it. It works so perfectly.
0	I spent more time trying to get it working than actually playing the game thus far.
1	Oh no, dont you know that we like to steal everything and dont want to pay money for our own entertainment
1	Logic. Nah bro gtfo
0	1 or 2 bucks per episode for a show with GOT's budget is not reasonable. Episodes on ITunes are $3.99 I believe.
0	GTX 850s? I'm more interested in your time machine. Also, I'm pretty sure a single 7970 can max Crysis 2, at least at 1080p.
1	But it's specially formulated!
0	Does it hold up well? I remember that guy who was trying to start that movement ran into a lot of problems.
0	Bingo. Came here to post this.
1	That oughta turn their business around.
0	.jpg
0	I'm still waiting for the ala carte that was legislated 20 years ago.
1	Same here. Hey, pictures of torture offends me. If u could not publicly display crosses and wear items of jesus on the cross that would be great. thanks.
0	What the fuck are you talking about?
0	That's a stretch. It's a deterrent and being recorded by a camera when you're in public doesn't violate your rights.
0	A huge and heavily armed spoiled child, whose cousin is a gangster with a reputation for violence.
0	"Bob read the article ""teen girl caught shaking her butt on webcam by her mom."" Would any of you 500 people that know Bob like to read this also?"
1	They should get their internet shut off completely until this is resolved. Copyright is a serious violation.
0	Yeah, that's why he's the *outgoing* FCC chair.
1	Please be more specific.
0	The big one?
1	well the phrase is copyrighted and you need to pay me 10 cents for every utterance
0	Probably because they wouldn't make enough money with $30/month
0	Sorry Ray, but it's not your job to look up my ass to see if there's a crime going on up there. It's my ass. Stay the fuck out unless I dump a crime, then you can get all up in my shit.
0	Of course he is, he's quoting The Mythical Man Month.
0	MediaHint is brilliant. It almost doubles your netflix library!
0	all else being equal, higher bitrate = higher quality.
0	Can always count on the present batch of corporate-paid muppets to make the worst decision.
0	Yay revenue is up while we continue to provide mediocre service. A win win for everyone!
0	You never know. I'm hoping they win, but I'd be extremely annoyed if they implemented their own archaic internet scheme.
1	That's because your entire country is surrounded with water.
1	But money piracy freedom!
0	There used to be, I guess they removed it for whatever reason.
1	It creates jobs.
1	Open is *always* better.
0	And the money goes to the Mozilla Foundation. I'm fine with that.
0	I'd prefer a 30 second pre-buffer so I can see in the future.
0	Integrity.
0	Whew good luck.  Lift with the legs, not the back!
0	3.8 OR 3.9 GPA students.
1	Technically, he is not a lobbyist, he is a former lobbyist.
1	Wow, how shocking!
0	Which is kind of understandable. You dont want your business account hijacked by a disgruntled employee, but then again, it also says that if you could **possibly** use it for business they can demand it. This is vague enough that it covers just about any account, because one can always have the possibility to do business on their own account. That line is why its dangerous.
0	The best person for the job is someone who wants to abolish the position.
0	fail
1	I'm sure Obama knows what he is doing
1	No, it's like a girl wearing really hot cloths and not expecting to get raped.
0	Nah, I'd expect it at least to go to something highly relevant to the original cause.
1	Because Terrorism, right?
0	I wasn't implying they had, I just noticed some people were commenting on how it would be humorous if other nations began to threaten the US with embargoes, or other such penalties.
1	Why did you have to go political? Here I was having a nice futuristic thought and you had to rain on my parade. Thanks.
0	Sure I can, it angers people, which gives me mana.
0	Problem solved: Change room temperature to -230 degrees Fahrenheit. -140 Celsius for the uninitiated.
0	let me rephrase, no one *that isn't stupid* thinks email is secure.
0	Oh goody. Now we can create traffic jams even faster for no reason.
1	Because most people's parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, etc. are *so* into political activism, and would happily come along to a protest on a day that is usually reserved for family time.
0	"The ""spool"" is what print jobs go on to get in line to be sent to the printer.  The reason it's so hard to reliably kill a print job in Windows is that half the printer drivers seem to implement their own spooler and ignore the system-provided one.  Printers speak control languages to convert computer files to ink patterns - PostScript is a popular one.  It's at the heart of OS X's display technology, and is how CUPS works.  Files printed with CUPS are converted to PostScript, and then if necessary from PostScript into the printer's native format.  That's why if you share a printer with CUPS from your Mac or Linux server, the client machines connecting to them don't need a printer driver - the driver's already loaded on the print server so it can accept regular old PostScript over the network."
1	Their competition! Linux and MacOS!
0	Having grown up with politics, and decided to GTFO and stay away from it, from the bottom level up to the top, I know intricately how it works, and who really runs the place.  Unless you get rid of all at the top, and remove those who pay them under the table, you do not change a thing.  At this point, feeding the country shows like Honeybooboo is only to make people dumber and less caring, and sadly, for about 50% of the population, it works.  I feel dumber watching it, and my wife has since quit watching TV for the most part, because its nearly all shit to make your brain quit working on those critical thinking skills that we all once had.  Critical and logical thinking is the most dangerous enemy to an institution as that which currently runs the country, since people could apply a little bit of critical thinking and logic, and very easily arrive at the conclusions that I have already clearly seen with my own eyes.  Nothing will change tho, even if I were to rise up, I get tossed in a mental house as a nut, with some faked health condition, and forcefed meds till my mind stop(not the first time rulers in history have done it).  For a revolution to truly work, the people must rise up, en masse, but I do not see that happening, ever again, in this country.  I have seen how corrupt and dirty the underside of the world is, with my own eyes.  I was there, and I got out(no, its not like the mob, they don't kill you, because they know a single person cannot do any damage, because it can be either played off on a scapegoat, as a crazy person, or bought, tho murders do happen, it would not be the first time i guess).  Once your out of politics, you are out for good tho, and are not welcome back.  So, here I sit, knowing how it really works, and yet still being unable to do a thing about it.  Money does truly make the world run, and can get you anything you want if you have enough of it.
0	my word choice was poor. i lived there for ten years tho. i love the state and love the people i called locals [just not politically] i plan to move back.
0	What about if I only use Facebook thur my browser on my phone?
0	Unfortunately, the level of technical skill required to set that up and maintain it is too high for the vast majority of Facebook mobile users.
1	"I wonder how they tapped the fiber optic cables without adding latency or anyone noticing the extra hop? Could they have used some kind of ""PRISIM"" to split the beam and dump it straight in their datacenter?"
0	How is fascism the opposite of socialism? They certainly have more in common than either does with a free market.
0	I run a site that is ad driven, and without ads I couldn't see not even a penny, but well, my bad for writting content for people that doesn't have much money.
0	Something like the ouya I presume?
1	Yes, let's purposefully try to get the NSA to invade our privacy... Genius!
0	encase the magnets in resin or medical grade plastic?
0	I can't wait to see this happen
1	It's okay, I'm sure Congress will do the right thing.
1	Yeah, but we want to force people to do it, not give them a choice.
0	"Trojans aren't ""flaws"", it's not something that magically ends up on the device or is shipped with it. If you don't install it, it just never ends up there. If you decide to install it yourself, what is the device supposed to do? Not everybody wants somebody else to decide what can be installed or not."
0	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;
0	So? All of these people are highly intelligent, well paid individuals. The majority would more than likely move where Google was, and if they don't? Well, there's thousands of people in other countries around the world waiting for their jobs.
0	What do you do? I think its an intelligence agency, which should not overstep its bounds.
0	I agree that it should be, but in our FUBAR'd justice system the NSA technically already has. Google's under a gag order from the puppet FISA court (judicial branch), not the NSA.
0	True. Still a better deal than pretty much any other ISP ever.
1	Thank god, because of course it's entirely impossible to install a web browser on windows.
0	"It's never a good idea to trust a corporation.  If they are indeed ""people"", my friend, then they're sociopathic people."
1	So the button is back, but we still dont have the menu. Great job listening to customer criticism!
0	Well, I doubt the actual artists will see any $ from this ruling, that's for sure.
0	They don't work *for* us but they do work *on our behalf.*  The problem is they were given too much power and no oversight/accountability and the ability to keep secrets from (and lie to) Congress itself.
0	cool
0	I pay the bbb and have an a- rating. It's worth it on the off chance someone will actually check it. A good chunk of my customers are older homeowners so it happens.
1	Wow is that all?
0	Yelp would be nice if it wasn't a lie though. They are a fairly good social network for reviews, and the users are generally nice people. You actually see what real people say, not some agency. The problem obviously is that they ruin this by hiding the good reviews if you don't pay up. Kind of sad, because it had so much potential.
0	I imagine it's information that would further embarrass the NSA if something were to happen to Snowden. If he's harmed or captured, it's revealed.
0	...and your reputation in the market.
0	"Indeed, what kind of country has to spread the propaganda message of ""Land of the Free"", so aberrantly unless it fundamentally isn't true."
0	It can be but for say 80%-90% of the people out there Windows will configure itself without the need for any intervention by the user. Linux still requires someone that has some knowledge. If it weren't for games I wouldn't own a Windows box but I do understand why it appeals to the majority. Ironically enough, it tends to take an Apple approach by limiting choices of the user compared to Linux. In doing so it's both bloated and inefficient.
0	Vice have basically no journalistic integrity.
0	"I never handed any ""reigns"" to my rulers."
0	This is one show that I will have bought all seasons on Blu-Ray. As soon as I see a legitimate preorder link on Amazon, I'm buying season 3
1	"I think it is safe to declare any proof either way ""Non Existent""."
0	You mean it's correct, nay obvious.
0	It's done in the name of defending ourselves from people who may want to do us harm. It's a necessary evil. In the 50's, we spied on the Soviets, they spied on us, it's all a dangerous international chess game.
0	Yes, but those orders wouldn't have.
1	They were males in their 20s. They were clearly enemy combatants.
0	Reelect Noone.
0	Thank you for your suggestion. Could you point out where I lashed out in anger? I certainly didn't mean to do so.
1	Mail has wires if it is a bomb.  The European Parliament members  are terrorists!
0	If it's not broke, don't fix it! Although, I get a little tingly feeling for a second knowing that it's American made.
1	I am sure Quentin Tarantino is excited by this!
0	Filing a patent and implementing are two different things.
0	are you kidding me? Apple has hardly been focussed on anywhere near as hard as google or microsoft. i get that reddit can have a bit of an anti apple bias, but on this issue, they have largely gotten away much more lightly than their peers.
0	Hour 5642 in Worms Armageddon sucka.
1	"Yeah, of course they will ""acknowledge"" that they rigged their own test."
0	DRM has never stopped a pirate.
0	Did anyone actually read the source article?  It says the panels will cost $.36 watt in 2017, vs $.50 watt in fourth quarter 2012.  That's a $280 savings on a 2KW system.  Hardly a game changer.  Further, it's all speculation by an industry backed ~~think tank~~ PR company.
1	But they don't even have toilets! Surely crapping in their limited supply of drinking water is more important than basic economic empowerment.
1	They're right though!  My old toys are covered in battery acid!
0	2017: In 2022 we will have solar panels that will make you a sandwich
0	To bad that shutting down the Bitcoin Foundation wont actually do anything, since they don't control Bitcoin.
1	They should have thought about reading before they became blind. -MPAA
0	It was so hard for me to concentrate on the article, and not that guys flowing mane of hair.
1	Blind people should have to pay Morgan Freeman to read to them....
0	The U.S. govt should investigate this invasion of privacy.
1	Everyone's a terrorist. If you never commit an act of terrorism in your life, that just means that you haven't lived long enough before you commit one.
0	Instead of a brick you can just use a broken ceramic capacitor.
0	Supporting the content you're taking in exchange for viewing ads? That's one reason.
0	If you want speed and a good connection and high security then use a proper paid-for VPN. I'll recommend [citizenvpn](http://www.citizenvpn.com) because they have made special precautions so they do not have to follow EU logging regulations and speed is excellent (I actually got 40mbps the other day from work).
0	Oo! Oo! I know! Oo!
1	Racist.
0	AMD usually thinks ahead, but they don't have the tremendous drive or budget that Intel has, nor is Windows even optimized for their architecture! Ever since Bulldozer, it has been shown that the Windows scheduler has been lacking and somewhat inept with thread scheduling and it's modular design. Windows 8 was supposed to fix the issue, but nothing was done. Once Windows 8 finally dropped, nobody anywhere was talking about the promised fixes - because they fizzed out. So we're somewhat supposed to believe that hUMA will just magically work from the get go? I think that Windows will once again be the thorn in their side. Same thing happens with all new instruction sets they come with - AVX, FMA4, XOP, etc - who really takes advantage of all of those? So will PC gamers be reaping any rewards? No. It's important that they get the contract though, it's extra cash and it will get developers more focused on multithreading, which has been something of a slow transition.
1	Idea: we should elect a group of people with our best interests at heart to combat issues like this in government. Oh wait, crap.
1	Ah who gives a crap whether his actions were moral or not? He's a criminal because the law says he is!
1	You racist.
0	Just tell them you know a guy who has access to prism and you've seen their Internet history.
1	yes because one out of every 300 americans works for the NSA
0	You argument would hold some weight, if our government actually operated under the rule of law.  It's very clear that they don't nor are they interested in doing so.
0	It's my understanding he talked to a **private** newspaper about spying on **civilians**, not to government or about government. Please share any relevant evidence that would make this remotely plausible, as I have yet to see any. I more than willing to reconsider, but from what I've seen it just doesn't add up to even consider that the motivations were criminal under the espionage act.
1	Hillary2016
0	Obama can suck my dick. He's a massive failure and so has his whole administration. Nothing but worthless, lying crooks.
0	That is not to say that many operators don't use triangulation. The one I work for doesn't though. In fact, the only way we assist the police is with the latest tower the cell phone was connected to, the time and the (very) approximate direction, and they have to pay every time. Granted, if it is in a densely populated area it can be narrowed down to quite a small area due to the density of towers, but it is still not tracking per se.
0	Just out of curiosity, why would you trust free proprietary things over paid ones (though I do understand you not trusting Bitlocker, given the past couple of weeks)?
0	It wouldn't. Bad policy is bad policy.
0	Cable TV as we know it is doomed.
0	Because in theory, we should trust the government.
0	Superchargers do not have any cost per use.
0	tool
0	Now this I want to try!
0	It's not a transparent coating. Your glasses would be frosted.
0	I would be interested to see if this lawsuit succeeds, how if would affect Internet users. Cause realistically, the a similar principle is in use here, low usage customers make up for the high usage ones, or paying for high capacity links that are used by a few etc.
0	Vertically unabled.
0	They certainly aren't using Verizon to get those pictures. I have to pay $120/month for a measly 30GB of data over their 4G network because apparently, buying the spectrum to broadcast my data over, costs a shit load of money, even though the actual bandwidth cost is less than 5 cents per GB. (they charge $10-15 per GB over allowed usage). While humanity IS cool sometimes, it can also be a fucking greedy dickball as well.
0	agreed, almost a little freaked out thinking that i can basically zoom in on a rock on mars.  just nuts really.
0	I read it in the narrator from Growing Pains voice.
1	Another phone?
1	Because blocking tpb has been such a raging success, right?
0	That too.
1	That wouldn't be abused at all.
1	Give that guy's boss a friggen beer.
0	i dont think so. this is entirely different for municipalities.  it works differently for Apple and Coke than it does for the city of Houston or Palm Beach.
0	Who cares about Halo, the devs have left it'll just be an empty chief shaped husk
1	"Google is ""fighting"" real hard"
0	I'm sorry to hear you have to go to such lengths to get people to like you. Must be tough.
0	microsoft is not a single man. it's a transnational company that's worth 100 billion and has 100,000 employees. An unruly entity out to make money, not to screw you personally.
1	You probably voted Republican, you Capitalist pig!
0	This right here is why you should never count America out.  It's why I came to this country.
0	yeah its sick as my most popular disks in my house break after a while... which REALLY sucks
1	That's true. I mean once people buy the console they'll just stop buying games for it.
0	Well, you can, just not past the point of no return or everyone gets blue balls.
1	Oh yeah, sharing game libraries was such a bad thingggggg.
0	Close but no cigar MS. If you could just drop that Kinect which I care not for then MAYBE I'll consider it.
1	Gosh, now I feel really safe
0	I thought his assets were frozen?
1	We have even created a new facility in Utah to facilitate prompt copying of your data
1	Good thing everyone read this article before posting comments.
0	I would vote for that cat.
1	Always count on the burning home scenario
0	"There is nothing ""honorable"" about Mueller. Scumbag, America-hating piece of shit."
0	Or the book burnings
0	I don't get it, companies like TWC and Verizon have the capability to double the bandwidth for their customers, seemingly instantly when a competitor enters the market, but with no competitors they choose not to. What is the incentive for the company to do this, why are they fighting to restrict connection speeds to their customers?
0	Y'all downvote this guy, but he has a point.
1	Noooo there can't be limits !! Moore's law must go on forever
0	Except your choice is convolution. And my overarching response is to merely demonstrate that there isn't a way to define thing that can't be misinterpreted or realigned with the moment's zeit geist. No matter how unbending you try to make a law, language and society will find a way to move around it if it appears to limit the course of progress.
0	Hey man, corporate personhood is good when it isn't bad, OK?
0	That's great, you are not everyone.
0	Someone should make a car like that. Volt would be a clever name.
0	That's probably why it is free and remains to be free of charge to use.
0	doesnt reddit block tor as well? i tried logging in on a whim and it wouldn't let me but that was a while ago
0	Like most American elections, it seemed like a choice between him and someone worse.
1	I really wonder why americans are more and more hated by the rest of the world, with people like you showing how lovely those people are, it's soooooo strange
0	You mean like all of those rich crooks in Washington?
0	"So people in their ""right mind"" voted for this clown of a President? Great point."
0	Looking at all these comments, I feel like I'm the only one who enjoys Comcast internet service. Much better than Consolidated, Clear, or Uverse. Though I only do wish Fios was in my area, give that a try.
1	Congrats son for FINALLY being part of something.
0	"Now how about doing this in North America? Especially when we share the exact same numbering plan, area codes, and country code. Actually, why not do this in North America and then make a deal with Europe and do away with ""international calling, texting, and data rates."" It is obscene and outdated in a world connected by the internet."
1	I have two words for your silly little act: national security
0	Now THAT is a great question. Too bad it hasnt been answered :(
1	It's talk like this that'll have us all living in caves in 10 years!
0	I'm quite sure he read every one of those and is now preparing a response...
0	I love my Alien Blue app.
0	I wonder how good the public-schools are in Lolita City.
0	"""Fuck th..."" *-downvoted to oblivion-*"
1	Yeah! I'm sure he'll do extremely well at budget managing, foreign diplomacy, and directing troops!
0	They should change the architecture to allow upgrading of the radio head unit instead.  Let the owners make the changes to fit their lives.  The media center of the car goes out of date pretty quickly while the drive system works for years and years.
1	Yeh, OP posted such a new and unique idea!
0	Apples to Oranges.
1	Double-barreled handgun?
0	Yeah well I won't be the one to take that chance. The way the system operates today, I'd never report it if I found it online. Clear history/cache and block the site.
0	Watch someone patent the technique.
0	I don't think anyone at google will be doing this. Police officers around the world have done this soul-destroying job for decades already.
0	Can't you change like one(or a few) pixel(s) and it changes the whole hash?
0	Most politicians are very skilled liars and manipulators.  It's the nature of the political system.
1	This isn't a big deal, a big deal would have been if he lied about his sexual relations.
0	Everyone knows the republicans made him say that.
1	OBAMA IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OF THIS. *THANKS OBAMA*
1	You keep fighting the good cause against those who actually care brother.
0	My money is not fueling anti-gay bigotry, and I'm shoveling less junk food into my face. I don't know how this can't be considered a success.
0	"From Homer's Odyssey: ""Nobody's tricked me, Nobody's ruined me!"""
0	Ho. Lee. Shit.
1	Wow, what a surprise!  How innovative of the military to do this before anyone else!
1	Wouldn't it be easier and cheaper for our military to use [fiverr](http://www.fiverr.com)?
1	I'm sure it doesn't happen on reddit.
0	It would have been cheaper for them to use one of those services where you can buy yourself a million twitter followers for twenty bucks.
0	No they're paid to give you the illusion that the system is working and they care about you. Meanwhile, they have absolutely no power or influence. They are puppets of the puppeteer.
0	53
0	Can it be hacked in any way?
0	"Introducing doubt is pretty much the textbook definition of what a defense attorney is supposed to do.  I'm okay with *any* tactic that a lawyer wants to use to make the government take responsibilty for its data-mining operation.  I look forward to the day that we see a headline like ""Repeat offender goes free because NSA refuses to release data."""
0	Which would become apparent very quickly by a sudden unexplained modification (drop) in battery life.
1	Yeah, fuck people who don't vote. The freedom of expression doesn't apply to them and their strange ideas!
0	Totally their choice, too.  Just as long as that majority opinion doesn't force me to do things I don't want to.
1	Top men and women are taking care of it! No need for concern!
0	I hope you are correct, but history tells us these things happen in a very subtle and methodical manner. There will not be the stark contrast you assume, nor the obvious cut and dry morality you mention. If this occurs, nobody's hands will be clean.
0	But then how will they make so much money from our personal information if they don't collect it?  Can't someone think of the poor starving workers at facebook/google/apple/amazon?
0	Is there a point spamming me? Nobody cares about me calling you a pussy.
0	I prefer self-signed certificates.
0	citizens united is more complicated than most people make it out to be.
1	Because this gun fits in your pocket, so it will allow you to discreetly kill every one of your coworkers.
0	The problem is the XBox would still have to send the data somewhere to be aggregated. A simple packet sniffer would uncover that real fast.
1	Obviously a pressing issue in NYC, where there are no existing regulations against unlicensed gun ownership.
1	And then everyone printed themselves gunsmithing licenses. The end.
0	:) Thanks for the explanation.
1	We shouldn't have any laws because people aren't going to obey them and we can't prevent 100% of crime so why try.
1	They should create a bill like this for people who make bombs illegally too.
0	NYC, what did you expect? Freedom?
1	I think I saw Jeff Bezos on the list of Bilderberg attendees. I can't imagine why he would be considered one of the most important people in the world.
0	In the context I think it means buy all the parts [from the same reseller]
0	Yep, a barricade enforced by or via the government.
0	how to you tip the Robot?  can of 10W30?
0	Quit with these jaded dismissals, will you? There's a big difference between suspecting we are being illegally spied upon, and having proof so solid even the most ardent authoritarians can't dismiss it.
0	Canada? Really? You talk to Canadians &amp; that's the greatest country on the earf!
1	But then how would we steal their tech?
0	And money-driven to the point of ignoring the quality of their journalism.
0	I never claimed it was.
0	Good luck with that.  Old men who have no idea how the internet works should not be making any decisions regarding it.
0	"""Stick it in my box,"" they all say."
1	Right. Because hacking to expose boys who used their physical power to dominate a girl and rape her is the same thing as the government using its power to monitor all communications in a domineering manner.
0	Finally, a drone that *feeds* a family.
1	Wow you know it's getting serious when Reddit and 4Chan join a coalition for a movement.
0	When the war starts and the Internet goes down, they'll demand the government do something about it.
0	There is nothing to back this up. Move along.
1	It's not. But it just goes to show how credible 4chan is
0	A federal judge actually declared the gag order illegal in San Francisco.  That aside, the constitution is a simple document meant for anyone to be capable of understanding - you don't have to be a genius to comprehend it and ultimately it is on the American people to ensure it is enforced as it exists to govern the government.  If they fail to adhere to the law they lose authority in regard to it.
1	It's so we can call you guys fat, ugly and stupid.
0	Give it to [archive](http://archive.org).
0	No, cherry pie.
0	Hurray free markets!
0	"Okay. I still find it weird the way he said ""Can't innovate any more my ass!"" after showing a short video that didn't explain at all what it was or did, only that it was cylindrical as if a cylinder shape automatically is innovative."
0	Learn about JPG compression artifacts - your homepage image looks like shit.
0	yes it can
0	There's also the major fact of being able to trust the steam servers to actually work.
0	If Siri was useful enough to use, I might actually care!
0	Don't forget Groupwise.
1	Get out of here with your reason and logic! You're deflating the reality distortion field!
0	He is
0	"Wow... *still* holding out, huh? I jumped the ""support Obama no matter what"" ship just before it sank... at this point you're on the ocean floor being explored by future divers."
0	They are doing that on there own. How is that a revolution?
0	No kidding. New version of Android and this place goes NUTS. New iOS version? Meh.
0	No, I get it, thanks. A manufacturer gains a competitive advantage by going with a plan that consumers prefer. If all the manufacturers collude to ensure they all go to the new plan, that's illegal under anti-trust law.
1	Sure, because innovation is only related to aesthetics.
0	With the gun placed in his non-dominant hand.
0	is tormail not a good email alternative? or is tormail not even proper email? (I don't know much about it aside from the fact that it exists and is supposedly secure and private)
1	Ummm... pretty sure that was Zack de la Rocha.
0	I sent a letter to my reps, and made a $25 donation.
0	Yep, put some pedobear stuff in the metadata, and the mook suddenly has something to hide.
1	Well he did leave a 200,000 dollar a year job to whistle blow (also known as career suicide), and moved to Hong Kong. He's clearly only interested in money!
0	This is the problem with the federal government basically criminalizing civil offenses. On the one hand, what he did was non-violent and and an injunction against using computers and requiring damages to the companies would be an apt punishment. On the other hand, it is unlikely he will ever be able to pay those damages and would end up in court for criminal contempt.  While this may seem like a shortcut, it is really depriving him of his due process.
0	That's kind of dissolving now. =(
0	Agreed. Manning was a little shit. This guy was not.
1	An insurgency. Get the terms correct.
0	Because Obama wasn't being completely truthful. Congresspeople have been requesting information on these programs, and they have not been getting it. Check out comments made by Wyden and Udall over the past few years.
0	But now that we know EVERY american is affected, the only hurdle keeping the previous case from being heard is gone.
0	No. Nuremberg was people who choose to kill people instead of not and run away. Google cannot do that. They literally have no choice.
0	Hell, I'm Canadian and I'd sign that petition. I mean, I may be north of the border, but I use Google like many others and my stuff is stored on some server in the U.S.
0	If he wants to call himself Republican if it makes him more likely to get in office, I dont care what he calls himself.  Judge the person not the party, if it helps him get the candidacy let him refuse Libertarian for Republican.
0	Legal FISA-court-processed requests on specific foreign targets.
0	I'm sorry but as someone from the UK, you cannot believe anything the daily mail says
0	It's  ok, folks. Microsoft is releasing a limited edition Halo tinfoil hat. Everything's taken care of.
1	Well gee, that smart-arse trivialisation of a very serious issue sure was funny. Much more entertaining that actual useful advice! Thanks heaps!
0	I would have been great if you could have recited her address right there... shut her up good.
0	The slide also said the program costs only 20 million a year which is pretty unbelievable.
0	The NSA houses many incredible minds.
1	You're clearly not from germany.
0	I replied because your stupidity is astounding.
0	downvoted by NSA staff
1	It ended for the rich, the only people that matter.
0	I just want to point out it's *United States v. Reynolds*. Reynolds v. United States is about mormons.
0	Because the US journalists are all asleepat the wheel. This is easily proven by your statement about The Guardian breaking this story and the fact the only comedians are voicing critical opinions of the government. Seriously. Jay leno and jon stewart tell it straight. American journalists spinb the news or don't bother to think ctitically or dig down into a story past their own biases. And we have entered the Twilight Zone.
0	They need to check their privilege.
1	Wait, you mean the CEO of a major internet tech company won't admit to cooperating with the NSA to secretly spying on millions of Americans and foreigners? Whaaaat?
0	Welcome to Reddit.
1	Yes because 1972 = 2013
1	Don't worry, I trust you.
0	Can't imagine why they would do that!  Given how awesome the console is.
0	Is that even necessary?
0	I don't have to scroll, I type until it's the only option. However, scrolling in many, but not all situations, scrolling is still the better **OPTION**. I don't see why people are so against having these **OPTIONS**
0	more lies from this guy :(
1	Lock this villain away forever with Brad Manning.
0	Same women who was in favor of the most extreme gun control in the country... Fascist idiot.
0	That provides no proof that Google's data isn't anonymous. Google is only mentioned extensively in the first half, then once more. In any case, the government is asking for the data, so Google can't really turn them down, can they?
0	Ralph Nader
1	Oh good, Sony's involved! This can't possibly fail at all.
0	In the future when we can read each other's minds, shit like this won't happen.
0	Personally, I have no qualms against advocating the assassination of such people. They have openly demonstrated that they stand against the constitution that they sword to uphold, so they have no place in Government. So they have two options: Step down gracefully, or die. Plain and simple. Stand up for yourselves my friends.
1	The fee is to cover the cost of complying with the NSA and FBI wire tapping.
1	They sure have been doing a bang up job!!!
0	It really doesn't matter. The human being is corrupt and deceitful.
1	But they don't agree with him, so they're evil!
0	Well fuck the NSA.
1	Pfft...I bet you're a Blackberry user, huh?
0	I was just trying to point out that Google may have leaders who aren't as evil, but all decisions made must have mutual benefit for their vision and whatever customers want, otherwise you won't come to a mutual agreement. Even if their quality dips, you agree to the decision by not asking for a reduction in whatever cost you pay, meaning that you value the service or goods at whatever value you pay. If you say you have no other options, then you're still valuing this service or good at whatever you are paying. In the end, people are just trying to lowball other people and despite having a set value in mind, would want to argue for even lower costs just because.
1	What a shocking revelation!
0	What, that they are taking too much of users data? I hate to break it to you, but a lot of their products won't work without that data
0	Not just any lightning, we need to ban all forms of assault lightning.
0	Most larger venues have a clause that they will confiscate any recording devices, and forcibly remove anybody who refuses to comply.
1	I'm all for following the constitution, except for parts that are inconvenient.  We should gut those starting with the 2nd Amendment.
0	I used to feel that way, until i got a taste of good data. I could never go back.
0	It's not a downside. When you get the discounted phone you end up paying full price through the contract anyway. In the long run, buying it retail will save you. People just don't like paying a little upfront for long term savings.
0	I agree with him as well. We let them take over. Our Founding Fathers warned us and we ignored them.
0	Textsecure!
1	But... but..  Reddit keeps saying 'Slippery Slope' is bullshit
0	All of those things require tons of personnel support. If something serious were to happen that actually provoked armed rebellion in the US, how many people in the armed services would just go along with it?
1	They will be the ones killing everybody when they have their way and nobody has guns to protect themselves.  But the government and police can be trusted you know,  no worries.
0	The only people who *would* riot dont have access to the internet.
0	fuck you cable company
0	I can't see that as being the issue when the seedbox is on a 10gbit line. But as I said, the transatlantic cable is also likely an issue, along with the much longer hops required to get a file.
0	Paid benefits?  What employee would ever need that?  We already cut their work week to 90 hours.
1	So brave! I suddenly realize my service to my country was all for nothing! I'm so enlightened!
0	Nothing. No loss of life as a result.
0	You mean Mercedes Benz. They did event the car and most of the major euro companies started as mercedes dealers. Of course the patent landscape was much different back then.
0	That's why we're looking for patent *reform* and not *removal*. Patents *would* have value if they were designed to encourage innovation in such a fast-changing industry. But they aren't, and as such, do more harm than good.
0	Canada. Most people don't have ~$600-800 to blow on a phone straight up.
0	Wow that was cool.
1	Why hasnt apple sued Microsoft over the rounded corner rectangle tool  in MS paint?
1	"Add these to the list of ""war accidents"", like Mai Lai, Hiroshima, and Nagasaki."
0	It's interesting but I've not see Big Wet Asses 1-13 so i'm afraid i'd be lost on the plot.
0	But he didn't give them to China; he gave them to Western newspapers who knew full well what they were dealing with.
1	Yes, let's all downvote this poster's relevant comments because he's not jumping on the fuck Apple bandwagon.
0	That's not how insurance works.
0	I wonder how long it will take before we have torrents the same way the bitcoin network works, totally decentralized with a proof-of-work concept so that the system cannot be maliciously compromised easily.
0	Maybe not the ones you've read, but what about your journals and ledgers?  What if they are written in some encrypted way?  Are you obliged to hand over the cipher?
0	This is the kind of tech to invest in.
0	I know it's a joke, but it doesn't make any damn sense. It can't be funny if it's not based on the facts. Not everyone on reddit is cut out to be a comedian.
0	That might be true if there were actual options in plans. As it is, I can choose from congealed crap or gelatinous crap.
0	No, fair pay was market rate, which is why production moved to china.  They didn't want to pay market rate.
0	I used that as an example. Let's say you lived in the 1980s, and there was a breakthrough in computer manufacturing technology which lowered the cost to produce a computer. The businesses obviously passed on the savings to you because nowadays computers cost 1/10 of the price, and they are more efficient and faster.
0	Well at least they're doing something against those psycho luddites that want to ban google glass before it's even out
1	I'm sure you'd love getting sued by somebody writing something almost kind of similiar to what you've written.
0	Who ever said *I* was worrying? Are you always such a jackass?
1	Forbidden?  Gosh.   Well I guess that settles that.
0	This statement is so far from true.  How did you even come to this conclusion.
1	Exactly, just like when Rosa Parks broke the law, the important part of the story everyone should remember is how she broke the law and got what she deserved for having no contempt for the laws she broke. Law breakers should always be punished, we shouldn't even prove it in court anymore.
0	Bradley Manning.
1	Wait, it isn't the same as civilian/criminal court?
0	Thanks. Makes some sense.
0	It was the style at the time.
0	Seems legit.
1	...but the facts you state go against the circlejerk on this one. Not to mention that 99.9% of patents aren't a problem. They are all evil and patents should be abolished, because all of Reddit knows that presumptively invalid patents are the reasons Redditors can't keep jobs or move out of their parent's basement.
0	Actually if you want to make a living off your music, in 2013, the last thing you need is a label.  Everything that a label can offer you can be done yourself at a fraction of the price a label would charge.
0	Not exactly.  What's shown is a questionable concept that hasn't even been prototyped.
0	That is the exact opposite of what happened, and doesn't even make sense. What actually happened is Amazon sells ebooks at a loss, as they aren't interested in turning a profit. This eliminates competition, so Apple suggested that the publishers should move to an agency model, where they set the retail price. Some idiots think this is price fixing. It isn't.
0	and the unless is followed by a long list of exceptions, none of which apply here.
0	One of the best public schools in the country.
0	"The documentary's also Public Domain, so you are no more ""pirating"" it than than you will a copy of Shakespeare."
0	Unless, you know, pigs fly and the current hogs actually start spreading the gigabit love. Which would be great. (as long as the price falls in line with Google's)
0	I think it's pretty obvious that the established players will not ever adapt, only be replaced.
1	"Hmm... I'm looking for something a little more passive aggressive. Can I just make a copy and not contribute while still sticking it to ""the man""?"
0	This is why we shouldn't have police chases in populated areas. Another completely preventable death I lay at the foot of the police.
0	Gundam Seed+Destiny or Gundam 00 will show you what happens when your war to end war fails.
0	As an engineer... Err... I would like to.. um... submit plans! Yes! It will be finished in two weeks!
1	Nah it's just lots and lots of simple logic gates.
1	Thanks a lot, asshole. Now that those words have all been delivered to our computers, we're all suspects!!!
0	I did not mention the POTUS at all.
0	Another NSA scandal?
0	The Mayans were right
1	Lobbying works for massive corporations that can make millions of dollars on our location data.  why can't it work for the average plebeian?
0	Doesn't vlc convert .mkv?
0	Why would you assume they aren't already?
0	Unfortunately when the human mind has to pick between loyalty and integrity, it usually picks loyalty.
1	That's cause Apple is evil, fuck Apple.
0	That doesn't even make sense in the context of what you're replying to.
0	Google is notorious for flip-flopping or just dropping support for stuff, so I'm not surprised.
1	I was hoping someone would equate this to the holocaust. So apt.
0	This technology needs to be authorized at the local level and needs to be subject to periodic renewal through a democratic process. Given that, then it will regulate itself. If criminals are obnoxious enough that people want gunshot detectors, then criminals will curtail their activities. If law enforcement is obnoxious enough that people want to take away their tools, then that will happen as well. (Example: Red light cameras in Houston.)
1	But.. but... think of the children!!
1	Cornell? Pssh, that's barely an Ivy.
1	Yeah. Stupid neckbeards. Always quoting people who warned us about government overreaching like this. So sick of it.
0	People aren't dying in ultralights because the wing snaps, they die because they hit some trees or a hill.
0	Will the price continue to be artificially reduced with our tax dollars?
0	But those are common ideas that are shared anywhere, and having no knowledge on a subject matter, followed by a strong opinion on that very subject matter is pretty much human nature.  I see it happen all the time in the outside world.
0	And also examined by the rest of the world no? Don't get me wrong, the NSA has the best minds in the world working for them.. but not EVERYONE.. there are also pretty smart people who look at the code who are AGAINST the NSA right? Has any evidence come out?
1	But no he's evil because, like, profits and corporations, maaaaan.
1	Yeah, because optical discs are the future.
0	Actually some Motorola phones did have that earlier.
1	This is so silly. If the car is powered by water, and the exhaust products are also forms of water, why don't they just pipe the exhaust right back into their fuel tank? Unlimited power!!!
1	The IRA completely agrees with this
0	I read a 1 star review yesterday that had me rolling. Item was shipped to wrong address. That's all it said, and so he gave the product 1 star. -_-
0	Please go troll somewhere else.
0	imagine if someone did this on a large scale to commercial cargo ships. even changing their course by a single degree can really screw up fuel use, and delivery times. throwing possibly the entire world economy into jeopardy.
1	It's very very expensive, these matters are handled by specialized consultant bureaus and specifying unique exceptions for the client is a job that takes a specialist a long time and is hard to get right, and bigger domains are harder, so even Microsoft found the price a bit more than they could handle. But the overall quality of the algorithm is court approved, and of unquestionable quality.
1	Busted! Off to the Siberian gulag camp with you.
0	I would think it is similar to a warrant of searching someones home. If police have a warrant to search your home for suspected drugs, I have heard that they cant charge you for other non related things, if found. This is probably wrong and hopefully someone else can chime in to correct me. For example, if they found bombs, I am almost positive you would be charged. (Yes, I am refuting myself here) Could anyone clairify this for us?
1	What if I am in the market for a multipurpose fighter bomber? The economist has a very high demographic that makes those purchases evidently
0	Not as far as I know, and I didn't see any more info after a very quick Google search. If you come across something, let me know!
0	Depends where they are located. If the 10W is far enough away, the 1W will override it. Inverse square law.
0	"Ssshhhh! Hush now, child. Don't bring none of that ""logic"" nonsense in here."
0	I'd be for a ban of cnet.  How do we petition to get this done?
0	"Done, and apparently (I forgot to include this because I didn't know) they have a ""discount program"" where you pay the discounted prices I mentioned above, but they don't cover shit. So you'd still pay, example, $800 for the post and crown, but nothing per month.  There's a link to it in the sidebar from the link I sent you."
0	Is $80 million a little much for a 210 ft yacht?
0	I think they jammed the military one, then spoofed the civilian signal.
0	A god of biology, basically.
0	THAT LADY IS DEAD NOW *twilight zone music*
1	AND NO GOVERNMENT EVER YOU DAMN STATIST
0	By electing representatives who will vote to do that and replacing the ones who will not - which, since the NSA can use every bit of their past lives to leak to the press to discredit them, involves starting with people of good character.
1	"Fantastic article. Five paragraphs of setup followed by ""I think this is wrong"". Flawless reasoning."
0	Aww. Do they want a hug? Would that make it all better?
1	Generalize more please.
1	"Didn't you know?  The government can just mention the words ""national security"" and the rule of law is automatically invalidated.  Torturing puppies?   Nuking every other country on Earth?  Requiring a telescreen in every home?  All acceptable under the national security clause - The Constitution says so!"
0	Thank fuck.
0	Shit hit the fan.
1	What if you bought a nuke and then reverse engineered the launch codes?
0	5 year club.. what a newb
0	What Samsung model?
0	What about people who like porn?
0	This seems like an easy way to get your phone stolen.
1	I overheard my nephew saying that he raped someone Call of Warfare. That's all I needed to hear to decide to censor all games from my house!
0	Instructions unclear. Penis stuck in jam donut.
0	Mobile networks are a little different, there is already an absolute explosion in demand for bandwidth which they are largely unable to satisfy, and if porn viewing really takes off on mobile they'll be in such deep shit that even Bill Gates couldn't buy enough equipment to keep their networks running.  They need to get people used to having adult content filtered and having to pay a premium for the unfiltered version, just to keep the amount of traffic down to a level where people can still use it.
0	The UI was completely overhauled, all that remained was the square flat look. Customization is huge in WP8 as opposed to WP7.
0	And that's why Game of Thrones is the most pirated show now.
0	"The US patent office is underpaid and understaffed. You can get a *lot* of bullshit patented just by taking a thesaurus to your application; if the clerk doesn't find any prior art in ten seconds of Googling, they'll rubber-stamp it and move on. That's the real reason patents are out of control - lack of funding has morphed the requirements for granting a patent from ""substantial merit to society"" to ""correctly filed the application fee."""
1	Fuck you, I deserve to watch this shit for free.
0	Only certain products lend themselves to product placement unless the entire show is produced around it.  How do you incorporate a Summers Eve(douche) commercial naturally in a show?  They'll find a way, but show quality will quickly decline in favor of catering to advertisers.  Plus, content will be strictly regulated(family friendly only) if a brand is directly linked to a show.
0	Just had this conversation and she said no because she likes my grey eyes. I told her she could buy them for the same price as bionic ones.
1	Over reliance on dumbed down datasets can't possibly hurt anybody.
0	Correct; it's pseudonymous. You can put in effort to make it more anonymous though.
1	They aren't terrorists though, what do they care???
0	lol.  Relocate that multi-billion-dollar NSA data-center to Detroit, and I'm certain he'll change his tune.
0	Dat epilepsy.
0	Outsourcing costs money. No money, no hiring contractors to collect data.
0	Depends on which OCZ version you mean. I wouldn't personally use OCZ because they've had high failure rates with at least one line of SSDs. I have yet to have a positive personal experience with a Samsung mass storage device, am not sure if I'll ever bother again as there are plenty of good options to choose from.
1	Gee, ya think ? And water is still wet. Tune in tomorrow to find out if the Sun still rises in the morning.
0	well they showed streaming a video played on chrome to the chromecast but i'm sure Twitch will also add chromecast feature to their app. they seem to want their app everywhere after all.
0	I believe your arguments are valid and I mostly agree except my government has shown that it and the people that run it cannot be trusted.
1	But can it play Crysis... 3!?!?!?!
0	Good point, thanks
0	They should call this mirror project 'Icarus'.
0	"What? A large percentage of apples sales are people getting the ""new"" one"
1	Yep never see Apple ads.
0	Yeah, they did actually. It's not like they can just plop a new transmitter on top and turn LTE on.
0	Bingo, we have a winner!
0	You just have to live with paying more for games. I like getting $4.99 and $9.99 games for the quality and lack of IAP but I still get weird looks when I say that I actually pay for apps. It's a bad system.
1	Right... because the people who've been doing that all this time sure have shaped these crap policies out of the market
0	Using an electronic device.  Or, yeah, playing a game.  That's why sports have practice before the games.
1	Yes, let's all just take the more affordable route and everyone gets their own $500 iDevice...
0	It's up to you to prove that the child, not the account owner, was the one to agree to the contract.
1	Maybe they should get some NSA people on it
0	4.3 but yeah.  2 year old change and people still think it's possible to buy IAP items without a password.
1	Yes, because willingly giving Apple a credit card and telling people your iTunes password is totally a scam.
0	Wrong. If you open an iTunes account through the app store there is an option to not have a CC tied to it.
1	Well, at least Apple protects us from porn.
0	Doesn't have to have a capital in it, at least my password doesn't.
0	We don't allow con men to prey on the stupid, so why are we allowing app developers?  To be clear, I'm not calling app developers con men, but the whole 'You should have been smarter' argument is not a valid defense for con men, so why do you think it's a valid defense for developers?
0	Worse, they can listen while the phone appears to be off.
1	I don't honestly think that insurance companies would attempt to deal with their customers based on their own financial self-interest rather than the good of their customer's best interest.
0	Your title IS the article.
0	I'd like to see it track a hummingbird.
0	Sound of crashing
0	Steam does not know how much you paid for a game if you bought it off of Steam. Steam is a content distribution system with a storefront. When you activate a code, all Steam knows is that you acquired the code through some means. You might have bought it off Amazon, or you might have been given it because you bought the developer a beer.
0	That's what I figured. Give away the razor, be paid to service the one blade.
1	You mean, like they currently do for War on Terror and War on Drugs?
0	So, Earth's nutsack?
0	You have to start somewhere I guess. I doubt doing a lawsuit against every single digital distributor at once would be viable so they have to start somewhere. If they were bringing this to iTunes you'd probably be saying why aren't they bringing it to Steam.
1	Which is probably why euthanasia is gaining in popularity.
1	Your parasites are meaningless, breeder.
0	Why are you so butthurt? I don't understand.
0	"What's the nature of this ""block""?  I'm guessing it's just DNS hijacking."
1	OMG OMG anti-freedoms in countries other than America? Not possible!!!!
0	No, I think our understanding of wanker works here too.
0	What I will counter with is: Why is it ok to see murders and violence before puberty but not sex? Or at least, why aren't they trying to block all the violent images? Just seems like their motivations are puritanical rather than evidence-based.
0	It probably has computers in it.
1	I thought patents were supposed to encourage innovation?
0	If you've got a Trader Joe's nearby try the Mochi - Japanese ice cream balls. They come in 6 packs and are amazing. Much better than dippin dots.
0	The services he is talking about don't do what you think. They are meant for people who want to keep all of their social networking accounts updated without needing to make separate posts on each platform.
1	Well that just makes me feel all warm and fuzzy.
1	Wait, Google has a social networking site?
1	Heyy gurrrllll wana sex?
0	*Nothing* is NSA-free.
0	Having a complex password is always a good thing.  But, in many cases the intrusion is performed without the use of any password.  Like a Windows OS log in password.  They can be removed by registry manipulation, outside of the OS, no matter how complex you make them.  It's thinking outside of the box that hackers usually find these points of failure.
0	its the colluding thats the kicker.
0	Come on man keep stuff in perspective! I mean they made a few models of notebooks slightly more expensive! I mean the banks only put the world economy on the brink of collapse... I'm pretty sure the DOJ did the right thing here.
0	moon*
1	My god, you are correct! HopStop is the only transit app WP can use! They should be stopped, how will the WP owners get around without this crucial app?
0	Maybe, if Tumblr pointed fingers. As it stands, Tumblr is taking the brunt of the pitchfork mobfia.
0	I just delete stuff.
0	@whitehouse #WeTheGeeks Don't forget Transparency Man #snowden
1	Yes, the nightmare that is eclipse is so much better. Or perhaps you prefer to do all your coding in Notepad++, like a *real* programmer.
0	When the fuck is netflix going to update. My PS3 sits here with 90% of the same shit that was on it a year ago. You would think if I didn't click on something for 4 years it would go away, but nope.
0	Do you have interest walking into an Apple store? I don't. My brother on the other hand owns a Windows Phone, Surface Pro and two Windows 8 machines. Some people are just die hard fans of a brand. I don't think I'll ever get it.
0	Me too. But there's a lot of people who would not be OK with that. For Disney, it's an unnecessary risk to take, when they can just as easily advertise on another site with only wholesome content.
0	Lets just not vote at all because all the candidates suck. Right? How stupid would that be? When you're stepping into that voting booth and voting for the guy who sucks the least, don't forget, there are more than two options.
1	Tumbler/Yahoo has hired James Dobson, for content issues.
0	But NSFW blogs are marked NSFW, and I'm pretty sure there's an age restriction for viewing them. I think NSFW posts on non-NSFW blogs are supposed to be marked as such, so really they just have to enforce that more, not cut out content.
0	Thanks for all you do bro!
0	It's the *Garden State.*
0	I mean, if I were a cop, I'd rather put all that power into use instead of play video games or something.
1	hahaha
0	Watch out for the bury-brigades!  Every time I have pointed out that MS has some of the worst marketing in the world, I get downvoted to hell.
0	Ummm, LTE is actually a good thing. What are you talking about?
0	For only 100$ extra. People pay 100$ dollars for tiny thin keyboards, right?
0	As I recall the only long lasting consequence of that crash is that hamster now likes broccoli.
0	"That's why I said ""attempt."" There are a small number of people making huge amounts of money keeping the system as it is, so it would be amazing if any sort of real health reform managed to pass, ever."
0	It can't be 10nm gate lengths. You can't build 10nm gate lengths in silicon because the gate leakage current would be too large. If you want 10nm gate lengths, you have to use carbon nanotube transistors or graphene transistors, but commercial products don't use those two technologies yet.
0	In a pull Gs or die situation? yeah I expect them to. Since those test were untrained people It is more than survivable.
1	guys, guys, guys, that means they're only spying on 75% of the public. thats better, right? guys?
0	Two different posters dude.  Relax.
0	Carl Sagen?
1	But, but, *RON PAUL!*
0	Yet it's also the easiest one to shut down.  Stop using it.  Boom.
0	No. Just wanted to tell my reasons for leaving it.
0	That's good. I've no idea why would anyone be against this.
0	"Your account still ""exists"". They still have the information you previously shared."
1	A phone company promoting something as a savings value to the customer while using math and hidden fees to bring in more profit...never!
0	"I think its odd tho, because every once in awhile, my sgs3 will say its connected to ""4G LTE""(not just 4G, which is deceptive enough).  Lasts a little bit then goes back. Wonder why."
1	"Hey now, that was those sinister sounding ""Blackwater"" dudes, not this scholarly, civilized Academi company."
0	If it staff got to make decisions on what happened with it budget, this world would be a better place.
0	Have they rebranded as *Fluffy Bunnies* yet?
0	They could at least have the decency to spy us properly and do something about it. XBox: the console that sends the cops when there's someone being beat up.
1	Good job linking us to your post.  Because, you know, everybody here follows you.
0	a fucking moron?
0	The lack of audio options for anime on Netflix is my only complaint about the service and if they fixed that I would use their streaming a ton. I end up using hulu instead for anime since they have a lot of stuff that's free to stream.
1	It is absolutely necessary to keep us safe.
0	I don't know about all of the anime on Netflix, but the last two I watched (Chrome Shelled Regios and Ichiban Ushiro no Daimou) both had the option for either Japanese or English audio and subtitles.  The only problem is that the subtitles are yellow and can be really hard to read in scenes with light colored backgrounds.
0	at least those cameras/mics turn off, although that trend is changing too heh
0	Obviously not. Good to know.
0	Thankfully, hardware comes from China, so jokes on the US. They are the ones who must be worried about hardware backdoors.
0	Reddit has taught me alone that people aren't nearly as informed as they pretend to be. I bet half of the commenters didn't even read the article.
0	No, unfortunately - I have to go to the skeezy peoples' houses to get it for free, because nobody is allowed to offer it on subscription without the dirt road, the hill, and the unreasonable price.
1	Didn't I see this in Futurama?
0	Won't be cheaper for decades, and even when it is, it won't be as nice anyway.. this is for spacemen, dude.  You probably couldn't afford one if you've been spending all your money on weed anyway.  Even if that does make you a spaceman. :)
0	"There is no cable HBO in my country, but there is ""HBO Nordic"". It's a crappy webpage with a Flash player that barely works. Costs the same as Netflix with 1/100 of the content."
0	Welcome to the world of FOSS!
0	dmca against physics? i think so. Dmca against the fundamental laws of the universe is up next. Cant watch pirated content if your computer keeps floating away. down with gravity, its cutting into hbos profits.
1	No, I don't think the fines that have been handed out are harsh enough
0	Yes, that's what boycotting means.
0	There's nothing I do on my computer that doesn't pass through my ISP. Unless EVERYBODY is going to start setting up secured VPNs and everything I don't think avoiding the issue is going to solve anything. A better plan would be to cure the disease, not treat the symptoms.
0	So many awesome and innovative things we can do with 3d printers... yet so many people just want to make cheap guns.
0	Add a laser microphone and you're set.
0	Yeeees, but *war*.
0	Some people don't have dirt.
0	"Yeah all these things do. It looks like this will be ""Ok, Google Now ...,"" like Google Glass listens for ""OK, Glass ..."" and Xbox One for ""Xbox ..."""
0	Do you not have any heroes then?  Everyone has genetic predispositions.
1	Because MIT is clearly the only place worth getting a STEM degree.  Clearly.
0	On the other hand, younger researchers don't have as many preconceived notions that can hamstring older ones.  A child who grew up with quantum effects explained to them as how the universe is from the time they could think about such things is going to have a fundamentally different intuitive understanding of things than an older person who structured their entire worldview (universeview?) around deterministic systems.  There are advantages and disadvantages to both sides.
1	Oh yeah labVIEW is just GREAT.
0	The 777 does, and it began operating in 1995.
0	Doubtful it will pass. They made rooting your phone illegal this year. America is a corportist clusterfuck, only laws approved by big corporations get passed, the citizens mean nothing anymore, they are just the product.
1	Yeah, we'll route it all through the Internet now. The NSA can't do shit then.
1	Lol. Arrr matey, prepare to be boarded and give us all yer gold or I'll make ye walk the plank.
0	"Generally it is up to the person making the claim to cite the source(s).  Claims made with only ""Go look it up yourself."" to go with them waste everyone's time and deserve to be flatly dismissed."
0	Unless you sell porn or guns... Then you can disappear out of Google just fine.
0	Random ads know your location because they know your ip as a simple basic function of the Internet, and the location of any ip is extremely easy to figure out, regardless of what Google does. A better example would be why you seem to see certain ads at different frequencies than other people; various sites (it's a part of Google's business, but it actually happens literally everywhere) track your browsing habits and from that can guess what ads to show you. Sure, Google probably knows everything about you, but so do multitudes of unrelated companies; it's just a byproduct of the very existence of the Internet, and if Google didn't exist there would almost certainly be another giant to take its place in gathering huge amounts of pure information.
0	Change for the worse!
0	01001001 00100000 01101000 01100001 01110110 01100101 00100000 01101000 01100001 01100100 00100000 01101001 01110100 00100000 01110111 01101001 01110100 01101000 00100000 01110100 01101000 01100101 01110011 01100101 00100000 01101101 01101111 01101110 01101011 01100101 01111001 00101101 01100110 01101001 01100111 01101000 01110100 01101001 01101110 01100111 00100000 01110011 01101110 01100001 01101011 01100101 01110011 00100000 01101111 01101110 00100000 01110100 01101000 01101001 01110011 00100000 01001101 01101111 01101110 01100100 01100001 01111001 00101101 01110100 01101111 00101101 01000110 01110010 01101001 01100100 01100001 01111001 00100000 01110000 01101100 01100001 01101110 01100101
0	No no no, Don't forget PRISM. Just know there are *quite a few* programs that they use to siphon data.
1	Maybe you should ask Google's top management that
0	The Holy Roman Empire; neither Holy nor Roman. Discuss.
0	that's the way it used to work - they re-architected to centralise chat history though.
0	Happy goldfish bowl to you and everybody
0	No shit? I hope the *Russian Federal Guard Service* is aware of that if they ever try to archive paper and ink documents.
0	As you would on any carrier, what's your point?
1	But... it says the same thing! You didn't fix anything.
0	Can't wait for the encrypted e-mail service. If it's nice and usable, I might leave Gmail for it.
0	**Armchair Experts**: *ONLY ON REDDIT*
0	"God the astroturfing going on in this thread is amazing. ""Nothing to see here guys"". *switch names* ""yeah guys this is to be expected and seems necessary"""
0	Cool. Downloaded. Wish there was a desktop client.
0	God forbid you simply promote a superior product for a cheaper price...
1	Wait, you mean 16GB of storage doesn't actually cost an extra $100?
0	"Comparable to somebody company asking for a warrant against somebody else. If the court agrees, they'll send the cops over. Worst part is that the one who filed for it can come along (and often it's practically just APB doing the raid, with the cops coming along for ""legitimacy"")."
1	At least we look good :p
1	Are you saying digital books shouldn't cost more than their physical counterparts?
0	There are terrible translations that get released for pay, and amazing translations released by fans. Some groups are definitely better than others, but guys like Tomato (translated mother 3) do top quality work.
0	That's exactly how it happens.
1	Can't they just put the subtitles through Google Translate?!
0	Why would you not include the honorifics? It gives some extra context. Occasionally it's important to the plot line (switching to -chan from -san or whatever, differentiating between -sama and -san)
0	"""We were just following orders.  Have you seen what happens to people who don't?'"
1	Clearly the people who do not have faith in the missile defence system are at fault. After all, if they had faith, they would know it will work one day so minor mishaps like this don't matter
0	I guess they can.. though I wouldn't say misogynism is ever really reactionary. Unless someone had a bad experience with a woman and let that form their decision, but it's pretty much always the result of upbringing and just cultural values.
1	Well to be fair, Snowden is a leaker, not a whistleblower.
0	What really sucks is that a significant number of people rely on Internet access at local libraries for access.  Did all public libraries have to cut the cord as well?
1	Oh, it's totally the same thing! Spying on and storing information on American citizens, a completely unconstitutional act, is the same as being a company recruiter who says  his company is the best and you should work there!
0	"Absolutely, but the use of the word ""victimizes"" in common vernacular is more ethically accusatory than just technical. Just keep in mind the wording you use."
1	I'm glad our country's lawmakers are so knowledgeable about what they make laws prohibiting.
0	Rearview mirrors are still required according to most state laws still, so they will not be going anywhere soon.
0	Thanks... now to tag him as a troll using RES.
0	They actually plan on selling these? I've seen the concepts, but I always thought it was more of a technology demo.
0	Wasn't there an article about making military hardware or something too? I seem to remember a picture of a small artillery piece.
1	What's the point of gathering the opinions of millions of users if you can't reduce everything to two poles?
0	Pathetic it took this long. Who's *really* in control of Android: Google, manufacturers, or carriers?
0	Why go that far? 'Please read Chapter 3, do the work on page 43.  If you need help, ask the smart kid because I am going to be playing games on the computer for an hour.'
0	I was joking, but that link makes me sad.
0	Novels/books are a form of technology.  Admittedly not cutting edge, but something doesn't stop being a technological tool/invention just because it is old.
1	_Interwebz are not a right, it's a privilege_.
0	I would much rather them conduct the surveillance over fiber than copper. It's relatively easy to splice into a copper cable without detection. With fiber, the line is constantly monitored and it would take a few minutes to splice the line. The owner of the fiber line will know immediately that the line has been cut, and if they have the right equipment (they do) they can tell exactly where it was cut, and even where the splice is.
0	just stick to news sites like CNN, they won't tell you anything.
0	Yes, let's discourage open platforms, that's clearly the way forward.
0	I'm starting to think this whole thing is just a case of every country on earth learning that their publicly funded spy agency does a shitload of spying.
0	Or a flashlight and imagination.
0	I love people that can find something negative about absolutely everything.
0	You're closer than you think. Monitoring traffic. Monitoring the weather. Monitoring pollution. Monitoring any kind of visual pattern from an aerial perspective, for that matter. Heck, you can even use an autonomous solar powered drone to broadcast communications or help distribute city-wide wifi. When distance and speed aren't relevant to the goal, and observation is why you're in the air, then taking the cost of fuel out of the equation is a HUGE deal.
0	Oh well, maybe someday it will come to you in a dream!
1	What you mean that people who are typo-squatting popular domains and making spam blogs don't have a right to free money?
0	We can only hope.
0	Giving up too easily.
1	No, it's a *ChromeTM* feature.
0	Offsite storage is really important in case of disasters wiping out all local backups, and cloud storage is a great way of doing that. Wish the NSA didn't get to see my files too, though
0	When the reports of cloud computing were heralded as the 'end of the local hard drive' I laughed and said no fucking way I would ever give up my hard drive storage for some online bullshit that is not in my possession for these very fucking reasons.
1	Poor guys are doomed to fail.  Didn't they hear from Time Warner Cable?  There's no demand for Gigabit Internet. :(
0	"I'm honestly getting sick to death of these socialist ""European Watchdogs"". What needs to happen is Google needs to pull operations out of Europe. For 1 month, for 3 months, whatever"
0	You'd find other priorities. Small towns have their perks.
0	If you delete your history, purple links will not stay purple. The point is that your browser does not use cookies to color hyperlinks. Cookies and browser history are two completely different things.
0	yes, finally someone else posting the eff link.
0	After it's retired.
0	Probably somewhere outside the USA.
0	I don't understand what Reddit likes about this kind of crap reporting. What's wrong with dry, emotionless factual journalism? It's not supposed to be fun or engaging, it's supposed to be true god damn it. That is engaging in itself.
1	can it play crysis?
0	I don't like the idea, and I use a Nexus, but honestly if Apple would let me install Swype I'd probably go back.
1	Great. Now who will the UK get to perform their Eurovision entries?
0	These comments are terrible. Turn back now, dear reader!
1	It's because MasterCard is altruistic!
0	Got access to a few cans and some string?
1	"What?! You mean to say a website based around geek culture populated by young adults with too much time on their hands, a massive superiority complex, and a complete lack of social skills is NOT the most popular site on the internet? You mean that all the karma people get and things making it to ""The Front Page"" DOESN'T actually change shit or do anything in the real world and that people should stop pretending like it does? Shock and horror!"
0	You can buy it in Illinois.
1	but with free market capitalism there is always competition!
0	Adults is a pretty generous term.
0	This makes me want to dress up old-timey style, get a wooden boat (George Washington Style) and drink tea in the Boston harbor.
0	For some reason I suspect that a directed IRS audit of an organization based on its outspoken beliefs isn't something the administration is interested in doing at the moment.
0	More at eleven.
1	Great solution to the H1B controversy
0	Open source code is a pretty small minority of the internet. I know there's a lot of places to find legit bittorrent downloads, but you have to admit there's a huge amount of files online that are direct download. Megaupload was probably a good tenth of download links on the internet.
0	And yet my Allegiant flight is $300 cheaper than the cheapest ticket on the list.  I know that they have a lot of hidden fees and not so good service, but there is a reason they are cheap!
0	Not originally. Originally 1st world countries were those who lined up with the Americans during the Cold War, 2nd world countries sided with the Soviets, and 3rd world countries aligned with no one( this includes India)
1	Yeah, well freedom isn't free.
1	But you're safe safe though from terrorism.
0	is it that shitty *everywhere* in aus?  Like in the heart of Sydney its still that shitty?
0	If redditors put as much effort into tracking political scandals as r/adviceanimals scandals, we'd live in a utopia.
1	Thank you current administration. I blame Obama cause this is his healthcare plan and he has been such an amazing success.
0	OP has a point
0	I abandoned tree style tabs when I started using vimperator. Hidden tabs now.
0	Right. If it were destruction for recovery's sake, than it applies. But maintenance on something that gives a much larger benefit isn't considered wasting opportunity cost.
0	I really *tried* to use Chrome but couldn't give up on Multirow Bookmarks Toolbar in Firefox... just... couldn't.
0	Who says you have to buy your phone from the provider? Who says you have to buy a brand new phone? Who says you have to change every 2 years? You have proven that T-Mobiles model is the correct one. You payed up front for your phone yet you still are paying a subsidy for that phone even though you own it outright. You are getting screwed and aren't smart enough to see it. Again... no thanks.
0	I just use reddit.
0	Man, I'm outraged by the NSA scandal. I'm such a forward thinker. I have insight into this that the majority is too stupid to comprehend, and that makes me superior to those that disagree with my opinions. Right? Am I right?
1	PRISM costs 20 million a year, that's pretty much nothing in terms of the federal budget. In fact it's astonishingly cheap for what it's claimed to do. At least we get a good deal
1	No, man. Everyone here is a computer security expert and knows exactly what they are talking about.
1	Let's see how many new enemies we can make at once.
0	What the flying fuck. Got a notification for this comment NSA? Well then fuck you!
1	Nothing to worry about just make sure you put US Citizen in your login name or email signature.
0	No roommates. But if I did forget, they'd have about 5min after I walked away before it auto-locked.
1	ITT: the hoard of patent attorneys that occupy reddit
0	I wonder if it bothers him at all to know that he just made $600mil off of Wall St *celebrating* his resignation.
1	And now he, like Mitt Romney, truly understands what it's like to be unemployed in these tough times!
0	Thank you for a very interesting reply, Mr. Penis Goatee.
0	This doesn't make a whole lot of since.  Couldn't other governments and agents use Tor just as well? They're giving everyone the tools so we can all be blind.
0	I tried to a make a Hello World program but I - Segmentation fault this program can not compile.
1	That's freedom of speech hard at work in America right there.
0	So 1D chips it is!
1	Patriot act. Guy's probably a threat to national security.
1	And what happens when the entities running the simulation decide that our knowledge of our simulated status has corrupted the results, and shut it down?
0	"That's ""big publisher suing college kid for learning math"" as much as you getting arrested for shoplifting food would be ""big government arrests man for attempting to feed hungry college student"". Technically true, but completely sensationalized."
0	I would argue that people are paid anything but an arbitrary salary that's based merely on what most benefits the bottom line, period. What we've experienced is a race to the bottom. If the bottom isn't low enough, let the Latino peasant pick the produce. What astounds me is that good people, like yourself, would make an argument for an amoral system, that at one point in our history, at least had the burden of producing a result in addition to generating profit. Just because we're left with charters that only require the generation of profit doesn't mean it was always thus or somehow the fiduciary duty is the only optimal way for our nation to grant limited liability. I say you and those arguing your point of view have been hoodwinked into honestly believing that there is no better way. I think you are mistaken.
0	"""We told you guys! Had you passed SOPA last year like we told you to, all this Edward Snowden crap could have been shutdown before it even began! Will you listen to us now?"" - every idiot supporting SOPA."
1	But how am I supposed to support a family of 6, and buy them new iPhones *and* iPads every year, on only $15 an hour? Also I have to live somewhere that is 45 minutes away from where I work for no good reason.
0	What about him?
0	I really doubt it.
0	I'm ok with this if they talk with Microsoft Sams voice.
1	So all Jobs could do was take someone else's design, edit it and market it? OMG! And to think I thought everything Steve Jobs did was original!
0	Do you have one TOR Android app to suggest in particular?
0	I dont think anyone is suprised by the findings regarding /r atheism
1	Gee, i thought solar power would never be a viable alternative....
0	Americans bitch it can't be done.  Germans just do it.
0	No it just means anything between you and the server. If you go to a public wifi cafe and login to a site without HTTPS, someone else there could be sniffing your traffic and get your login credentials. There was a controversial firefox plugin that did this a couple years ago.
0	It will soon become self-aware and begin learning at an exponential rate.
1	Which is why the US has absolutely no software start-ups, much less companies that started out after the software patent wars and became billion dollars companies.
0	Or crosshairs in shooters. Or bricks in platformers. Or sidequests in adventure games. It's bullshit.
0	This is cool, but there are still *plenty* of hardware patent trolls.
0	What has copyright violation have to do with software patents?
0	because the entire point of the system is to improve the quality of life for those it governs, an automated system would do that better than most people.
0	Sure in theory.
0	I like Google. But I don't want them to make everything. A partnership would be nice though.
1	Red light camera revenue will go away too, can't have that
0	Because like the rest of us you probably put it in 30+ times. It was also kind of a geeky mark of pride.
0	On the contrary.  Self driving cars will tell each other where they are heading.  When a group of cars are all going a distance together they will couple up like a train and take turns helping to power the group along.  When it comes time for your car to leave the train the other cars will re-establish some distance, let you exit, and then form back together again.
0	The extras is a point i'll concede but the quality of torrents ripped from DVD's are extremely good.
1	"Great - this means I don't even have to try anymore.  Now I can change all of my passwords to ""password"" because I don't have a hope in hell anyway.  Whew - that's about 50 less things to remember.  I hope they come out with a PIN cracker next, so I can put all my cards to ""0000""."
1	aww man you learned why capitalism fundamentally is not sustainable, better black bag you.
0	switch the shortcut of IE to firefox keep the name and icon and get a skin for firefox.
0	Which is still 19,000 more people PER DAY paying you perhaps $500+/one way ride than you had before.
1	*FTFY changing channels on the TV when there are commercials is Piracy
0	I'll try that out.
1	Shit, now people will know that I pinned pictures of travel locations and foodporn. My life is ruined
0	This is my biggest problem when this discussion comes up. People seem to think that generating electricity creates no pollution. It's even plausible **(no idea if it is true though)** that in the USA a electric car could generate more pollution than a gas car, simply because a good deal of the USA electricity comes from coal fueled power plants.
0	I just can't make myself buy anything that GM makes. Ford is the only decent american manufacturer (Tesla aside) and that's only in the last ~5 years.
0	Those rear gull wing doors are real awkward looking
1	What about clean coal though?
0	I don't know, I never could get into 4chan. I've tried a few times, but all I found were trolls, stupid people and porn.
0	The point at which you would be a barely functioning vegetable if the computer parts weren't in there as well. Then that's not you, it's a computer that thinks it is you.
0	There have been considerable improvements in battery technology. If you tried to use one of today's phones with a battery from 10 years ago the phone would either die in 15 minutes or would be the size of a cement brick.
0	The question was *why*, not how.
1	Ah, like ExxonMobil?
0	from what I understand, it's a power issue. you need to use long wavelengths to to send signals over the extremely long distances present in space travel. because the signal is frequency modulated, a lower frequency means your bit rate is limited. But a laser is coherent, so the power of the signal does not drop off with the inverse square of the distance, so you can use a lower wavelength.
0	No, XP was awesome when it launched.
0	That's marketing-speak.
0	Bastard stole the auto-hammer
1	I know. The NSA really needs to make sure that there are no terrorists on these phone sex lines. Suck it up citizen! Your privacy is a small price to pay to make sure that no bomb will ever go off unless it's a bomb that America *wants* to go off.
0	No.
0	That you know of.
0	*If the service is free, you are the product.*
0	You doesn't like anything that challenges your worldview or evaluation of a product. You're a real open minded fellow who would certainty weight the evidence to know wither someone was a rapist or not and not just being discredited by common political smear tactics. I take everything I read at face value too without doing any research.
0	FTA: this is pure speculation by one analyst.
0	They're not talking about selective breeding, just the more recent methods which directly deal with DNA and can introduce genes not originally present in a population.
1	Because Linux was a popular consumer &amp; enterprise operating system in 1993, right?
0	Twist: They hire Scott Forstall (the recently-ousted Apple exec who shat skeuomorphism all over iOS).
0	Nothing, accept in regards to the 4th amendment and your privacy don't exist to them.
0	It's a last mile problem, not a backbone problem. There *isn't* fiber in the neighborhoods, that's the problem.
1	Well obviously operating systems are irrelevant in this day and age.
0	Dude, few things have an impact like a meteor, it leaves a massive crater, Ballmer is one slow moving meteor though, still manages to make as much noise though.
0	It would make sense, but nope not in Canada. They don't explain anything but the physical act of driving and the signs of the road.
1	[](/ajlie) Nope never done any of those things I swear
0	I kind of expect Samsung to make offers like this as their history with shady practices isn't new. I'm saddened that CNet complied.
1	Lets convince everyone fake points are real, and they will starve themselves to earn them, and if they don't-we've got prisons for that.
0	Steam sales and honestly, I find subscription services (Netflix, Office 365, etc) too be too damn convenient as well. I don't know. Having a job is kinda nice.
1	Don't worry, the Irish are trying to pass the buck, but you can't change history! Fuckin' Micks!
0	~~$40~~ a $10 one will probably do fine.
1	No no. It's Xfinity now. Completely different.
0	Pretty sure all of our tax dollars are being used to spy against us.
0	Apple doesn't sell cars
1	Lol. Especially when I sleep *in* the flag.
0	If I had the money, I'd buy a Tesla Model S without hesitation.
0	This isn't a problem with the OS but the hardware manufacturers.
0	Is anyone surprised by this after Microsoft blatantly showed the whole world they bought Skype to give the NSA backdoors?
1	Totally worth her 15+ million CEO dollar compensation package.
1	This is why I only take antibiotics that I make myself from organic ingredients.
0	Schadenfreude, I do believe.
0	"that's called ""exercising your second amendment vote"" around these parts."
0	also, they restructure the company, moving assets and profitability to one company, debts and obligations to another. they keep the profitable side, bankrupt the other.
0	I know right! Fck Obama, literally and figuratively. I think defense contractors are a big leech, and they just suck off the govt teat. They do provide some valuable services and products, but they can be WAY more efficient.
1	Sorry but this can't be allowed.  For you to have worked hard to get a good job is not fair to the people who fucked around in high school and didn't go to college.  You must have cheated or had a relative get the job for you or something other than old fashioned hard work.
0	And don't forget the signed contract that disincentivizes them from fucking you over as soon as they've given you that middle management job.
0	To a degree inefficiency is the cousin of *redundancy*.
0	Ten percent, more likely
0	That happens all the time.  I was offered a crappy raise at a prior job after getting a top performance review.  I shopped around and took a better offer at a better company.
0	how big was the CPU fan?
1	Yeah cause all Jews support Israel.
0	Yeah, but I don't know what that means.
0	jesus christ, was this written by some middle schooler?
0	I could also see them having it driven by The Stig's eco-friendly cousin.  Pan to The Stig in a green suit.
0	Ok, so it's your word vs theirs.  Proof?  Or perhaps a service that doesn't log?
0	Don't be hyperbolic.  Both fucking parties bear blame on the Patriot Act.
0	Well, you'll be stopped for unpaid parking ticket. That will allow law enforcement access all your NSA-collected data. You'll end up in jail as a terrorist because they'll find some suspicious email or Facebook link you weren't even aware of. More civilized? Yes. Better? No. Your actual beliefs do not really matter. What matters is what law enforcement thinks your beliefs are.
0	Laptop battery management systems don't have temperature controls. They don't limit the charge cycle. They offer almost nothing in the way of protecting the cells from shock. We may not have the data from raw usage, but lab data tells us that all of these things substantially increase the life cycle of a battery cell
0	You're right. I consulted for a small town with a population of less than 500 people. They're situated on a major highway and have four different car dealerships in the city limits. Their tax revenue was insane - they offered amenities only small cities could afford because of the sales tax revenue off of those car dealerships.
0	So was I. Power poles are designed to break when hit too hard.
0	**Oh my god** the dummy lost both of its forearms, and they still gave it 5 stars? How *irresponsible!*
0	Kudos for not waiting until it crashed to sell.
0	Man, autocorrect is really after me tonight.
0	Most schools actually got netbooks not MacBooks, however some schools had mac-centric IT so they went for the more expensive option(and I believe paid the difference). Most schools got ~$300 machines that were rather underpowered, meaning that students doing programing or arts had a lot of trouble running the software they wanted. (Adobe Illustrator does NOT like atom processors).
0	That, too, is not a name, it's a description. And one I disagree with, since it looks like it was designed for a Commodore 64 that somehow had a touchscreen.
0	But Win8 still doesn't bring any useful changes to the table (aside from the file transfer window), there's still no reason to upgrade.
0	It doesn't. Where did you get that idea from?
1	Teachers know NOTHING about how to teach.  Those policies should clearly be set by people with no children who haven't been in a classroom in decades.
0	God I hope not. Vista was absolute crap in comparison to 7.
0	running 8.1 here. Using startisback and boot to desktop I love it. However it's sad some games won't run on it
0	There is a larger game theory going on here. There are 300+ countries/governments around the world that would rather love to see the US government lose it's petrodollar world reserve currency status. If the US bans it, there are 300+ that might not. How long do you think the US could remain a super than most super power if that happened? Bitcoin is an equalizer for governments themselves.
0	Let me know when you see any.
1	Hey what's the password?
0	How do they tax bitcoins?
1	No, that is probably your wifi.
0	How fucked would it be if all of the files contained child porn and everyone was downloading, storing, and distributing it?
0	Apps are required to ask you if it wants to use certain features. It's impossible with the system Apple has set up for an app to access information on your phone unless you specifically let it do so.
0	You forgot some zeroes. 2012 revenue was 5.089Bln USD
1	maybe blacks should just learn to stop getting caught with their dope!
0	Do you not see the war on drugs? No fucking different. We lock up 25% of the world's prisoners while we only have 5% of the world's population. We're more than happy to keep filling those prisons with cheap slave labor
1	Hey, corporations are people too.  They have as much right to be protected as any other obscenely wealthy person.  It's pure discrimination to think that just because a group of people all agree to invest a contract to operate a business with the status of a human being, that the contract isn't a person.  Racist.
0	i am either unable to make it clear to you, or you refuse to get it, either way, have a good day.
0	I'd think the world would lose productivity.
1	The trains should have Copyright Enforcement Officers who go down the aisle after you cross the border, making sure you don't have any unauthorized books, DVDs, video games, that kind of thing.
0	Would faking your GPS location work to bypass this problem?
0	Never begin a point with did you ever take a _____ class. LOL
0	There's a version of Tahoe-LAFS wrapped for I2P in that way so that you can enter a custom URL and browse sites hosted using Tahoe-LAFS, and your local node then automatically hosts the thing you visted too.
0	A sequence of numbers and letters aren't really considered property though. They're not physical things. If someone had copied them, they wouldn't be stealing.
0	I was trying to use google maps to get to a courthouse :(
1	Because the war on drugs must go on, right! -_-
0	He's jealous.
0	It's so awesome watching yet another self-righteous piece of trash get caught red-handed being a bigger scumbag than the people he rails against.
0	I see your point. It just seems like a huge waste of time and resources. The NSA guy gets paid, he had to take time out of his day to conduct the interview then to shoot it down. He should have just stayed in the office and dicked around on reddit like the rest of us.
0	Yes and all of them are accidental and not at all intentional abuses of  employees. In fact, that was an audit report to congress. Showing once again that our gov is working as intended.
0	Ben Franklin would laugh at you for thinking your cell phone and email data is an essential liberty. Get a grip.
0	Or just move to an area where Google Fiber is available.  Fuck an A right I'd move for gigabit internets.
0	I live in Pikesville. There are two choices here, but Verizon is awful. At least I only pay 50 a month for internet. Fast enough to stream netflix to two computers. Not fast enough for netflix and an MMO. :/
0	What did I ever do to you?
0	When a bureaucracy faces cuts, they go into self protection mode.  Rather than cutting waste, they will cut anything that is popular or required in an effort to prove they needed every penny they were receiving.  Without radical reform, it's difficult to get a bureaucracy to actually save money.
0	"Pretty much all Facebook likes are bought these days anyway, seen as clients use them as a metric then the companies hired to manage their social media may as well buy them to keep the client happy. No one really likes things on Facebook these days anyway since it because an ambiguous spam subscribe button rather than a ""like"" button."
0	Why not both?
0	gosh I hate those kind of people that write those kind of articles
1	What kind of crazy documents do you guys deal with that all the formating constantly gets fucked up? Why do all these documents need crazy formatting that can't be used by any one software? What's going on here? What's wrong with ASCII text? Why can't all of them just output everything in standard XML or HTML? WTF!????!
0	Not sure if being ironic...
0	Once they define it as a currency, they will try to shut down its use in the US
0	*Exactly.* I even have an uncle who works closely with telecom and he's bought into the whole idea of a limited network. But the fact is, carriers are simply not reinvesting in their infrastructure.
0	*Guhbye!*
1	"but don't forget your wonderful ""free"" healthcare."
1	TIL fucking is illegal.
0	INCREDIBLY misleading title....
0	You are assuming the elected are the ones in power and not the lobbying behind it.
0	Sour grapes?
0	"You're making quite the leap from ""click this picture and it plays just like the TV does"" to sharing encryption keys and using them. Did you miss the part where she doesn't even use email because it's too complicated? She only uses Facebook."
1	And used just as much as google+... all your friends probably have one already.
0	Blocking ads to get content free of obscurity is nowhere near the same as piracy. If you can't directly sell your content, and rely on advertising for income, well, too bad. Evolve or die.
0	It's the whole legal fallacy fallacy, i.e. If you're saying it's legal then you must be claiming it's right!
0	"So if a mailed letter by snail mail can be prosecuted by being opened, why not create a mail program that does this virtual ""sealing"" and opening of letters on an electronic scale?"
1	Damn, guess I better switch to Outlook.
0	Wow. That sounds like a complete loophole just so they can indefinitely detain someone against their will. Thanks for the source.
1	Larry who?
0	Well the paywall wasn't saving them..
0	As I stated in my other comment, I'm referring more to the fact that pseudonyms are still legal for now, not so much making a statement as to their effectiveness.
0	It's logical to. When they're killing a foreigner they're not infringing on their own laws or their own constitution. When it's Americans they're killing it's basically a double whammy.
0	Comes with free dashboard cam mount.
0	These are the same employees who are still living at home, fucking their socks and hiding them from mom. It's not all that unexpected.
0	This will be the death of their project, honestly. Without administrative staff to manage the physical hardware and the software, it will be very difficult to keep a system that is of a scale to nearly rival the internet backbone. PRISM will end, because of neglect due to lack of man power.
0	So the government can arbitrarily decide certain things are currency, even information. I Guess those companies are gonna have to put themselves on tor, based out of another country. I've never felt bitcoin had a secure future anywhere else.
0	Switching Windows for Ubuntu/Elementary OS keeps looking like a better and better idea.
0	The proposal quite clearly backs Shimei's point.
0	Game isn't taking up the entire screen, mouse seems to not be bound to the window, not flawless at all.
0	So faster than the not so high speed rail project.
0	An LA to Vegas high speed train / alternate transport has been proposed many times over the years and nothing has come of it.
1	That was a really, really fun class
0	Put 5 people in a car and it becomes surprisingly efficient.
0	I have read that it will cost more like 2 trillion dollars
1	One question only: do I have to put my phone in airplane mode? Wouldn't want to jeopardize the journey.
0	They should just add it to all the other equipment they have in toll plazas. And wherever they have a speed camera, put a GPS jammer detector.
0	If it's not difficult to find then you should have already placed it in your comment, no?
1	Yeah Anarchy will solve all of our problems
0	Seriously, if they just made a nationwide hyperloop system for cargo and removed all the semis and transport vehicles from the highways I'd be pleased.
1	fuckin' hail corporate, am a right?
0	On *cont****r****act*.
1	I guess living out in the boonies with no contact with humans counts as no presence.
1	Word of advice to all the trolls out there: If you would like to remain anonymous it's probably best not to give your full name. That and you should also be using Tor.
1	There is none. The real problem was that he was uppity and wanted to get his so called rights all over the prosecutor.
0	Can you give an example?
0	The robot won't be less expensive. But you'll get more money back for the raw materials!
0	*according to snapchat investors.
0	thanks for this tip btw
0	Look at his username
0	I don't know. I'm running Win 8 on my desktop and I have no complaints about it. The fact that it boots faster than my monitor powers on is a huge plus.
0	OK, but we're giving you Detroit.
0	The use of drones in Pakistan and Yemen were not against Pakistan or Yemen, but against people in Pakistan and Yemen. It was also done with the cooperation and assistance of the Pakistan and Yemen governments and often at their request.
0	You grossly misinterpreted what Nirvana said.  (I'm guessing it was intentional, but correct me if I'm wrong.)  Unless philosophocles is 80+ years old, he didn't fight in WWII.  Any conflict after that wasn't about protecting the freedoms of the US.  So, yes, it is perfectly justifiable to say that fighting a war on foreign soil isn't done to protect US interests.  In fact, there have been two conflicts where this actually happened.
0	I thought that number was more like 700.
0	you fail to understand the progress being made in printing quality. right now its very DIY but like all things it gets better the more people work on it. your cynicism for them is just as unfounded as the over hype.
0	"Of course not. Who do you think Samsung is, Apple? Apple is the only one allowed to break the law and then have the president of the United States take the time to say ""lol you guys it's okay."""
1	um. bro. this'll more likely be like 3D movies and TV.. you don't see that going anywhere do you?
1	Not if your opinion is unpopular. How long have you been on Reddit man?
0	Do you have the link?
0	That's when you pause the scene with nude Hodor.
0	So they gave a short list of countries, but anyone know if it'll bypass the Great Firewall of China?
0	--never send sensitive information on an unsecured line.--
1	Epic troll mate, people actually fell for it!
0	I'll be real surprised if any of them talk. Their clearances are too valuable and many of them have families to support no doubt. The chances that another one of them will pull a Snowden are fairly slim in my opinion. They all are well aware of how miserable the government will make their lives if they even think about making a peep.
0	Also, because internal politics in the NSA are just as bad as everywhere else, the 10% that are still there are unlikely to be the most competent guys for the job. They're just the ones who happen to be good at politics. They're very likely to just be people good at attracting unwarranted praise and deflecting deserved blame.
0	Hey everybody, barsoap has sweaty palms!
0	"I always liked this one, ""everyone wants to know but nobody wants to learn""."
0	OS X is discless, even. There's an installer partition you boot from by holding Option, and if that doesn't work, the firmware can connect to the Internet and download an installer.
0	While some very good points are made in this articles I feel it's a bit like requiring someone to know how to replace a fan belt on a car for them to qualify as a good driver.
1	*Excuse me?!* You are the IT person. *Obviously* you are the reason that I can't get my Microsoft to do the Google!
0	RTFM.
0	It's hard to believe that this is just about stopping terrorism. That just has to be rationalization for absolute control at any cost.
0	They are also assuming that Apple and ATT, etc... are against spying. Maybe they are against it, but that isn't the way things seem to have gone with most of the big tech companies. They have grown into an environment which has gone hand and hand with the department of defense and DARPA from the very beginning.
0	"You shouldn't be downvoted, as it is wishful thinking to think that the killing of animals will be completely banned. We may no longer farm animals, but how will animal populations be kept in check when we stop hunting them? What happens to all the animals we were farming? Do we slaughter all of them? Do we release them into the wild? If we release them, how will we keep their populations in check? Deer are already somewhat of a problem, and wild pigs are a huge problem when they have no predators. Does anyone have an answer to this or are we just going to go with ""Doesn't matter, killing is wrong, we'll figure it out later""?"
1	But he said we don't have a domestic surveillance program! I don't believe this article. The writer of this article is racist!
1	But then they would have to leave the country because of accusations of treason.
0	Yay!
0	I'll check that out when I'm not at work - thanks!  :)
0	shelf companies in Gibraltar and AE are cheap... just saying. that's what they should do.
0	You're right... a smarter population may be required.
0	And Wintermute has cojoined to Neuromancer.
1	Yes, because operating at a loss is a good way to keep a business employing people.
0	That's a batshit insane thing to suggest. There are many ways to do this, and not one of these is peaceful occupation.
0	This is exactly what they **DO NOT** risk when using Bitpay or Coinbase.
1	ofcourse. if you're not a literal martyr, you're not doing it right
0	NOPE, SHUTUP! This is war and apple is the enemy, any chance we can belittle Apple and iPhone users we will god damnit! PICK A SIDE!
1	Land of the free
0	I've spoken with many, many people that would trade all our freedoms for a false sense of security. People are so used to their freedoms they put no value on them anymore.
0	I would expect a warrant, granted by a judge that would empower the FBI to investigate electronic communications of said cartel.
0	No, but they didn't actually push the envelope. Not like public perception suggests. We're people being lazy? Sure. But Apple didn't accomplish anything impossible or mind blowing. They just started from scratch, had a more modern UI, and good marketing. If any of the competition had strived to use capacitative touch screens and given their OS a badly needed update, they'd basically have an iPhone. Arguably with more functionality on launch. And the iPad was definitely a boost in specs for tablets, but it was also a step down in functionality. It treats it solely as a mobile device, and we're still struggling with the notion that large tablets beg to be productivity devices but are limited by their OS and firm factor. Apple didn't solve that problem. They worked around it.
0	Looks like I'm learning how to implement TLS on the send connectors on our Exchange servers!
1	You socialist.
0	The fuck are you talking about?
0	"Well if you also had a smartphone you could say: ""Ok Google. Where can I find a vaccine for malaria?"""
1	Yeah why would they want to charge bitcoin users additional fees that could lead to a profit for the banks. That sounds insane and definitely not going to happen.
1	think of how much better things would have been if they just got bought by AT&amp;T
0	I also really like the use of the word foreigners here. In that context it always sound like they just spy on some countries with high terrorist activity in the middle east, when they acutally spy on their western allies to the same extent.
1	Ah, but that was some skilled social engineering for an America-hating terrorist-sympathizer.
0	/nelson laugh
1	He's taught me some great life hacks.
0	yeah, it's funny because the contractors the gov hires get paid way more than those in the gov
1	Wow, that's such a comprehensive analysis.
0	What a crock of shit.
1	are you passive aggressive with every person you come in contact with? that seems unnecessary too tbh. Dont worry though, you successfully demonstrated your superiority
0	Deleting your Facebook is a subset of rule 3.
0	But I want it all!
0	So if the NSA captures everything to its servers does that mean the NSA is hosting CP?
0	Probably because it's not challenged that much, and lawyers base their work on cases. Lawyers don't have the balls.
0	And the association with the compression is kind of still a theory at this point.
0	Not exactly, companies have to comply with the laws of whatever jurisdiction they operate in. If those laws are not compatible with each other, then the company has an issue, as is the case now.
0	And forgettable.
0	Well yea, we are.
1	I guess Wikipedia, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Flickr and YouTube are all assholes then. You should send them all a letter and put them straight
0	This man is a traitor.
0	TIL i'm a terrorist for my support of transparency.  i'm ok with that.  as The World's Most Interesting TerroristTM, i'm open to endorsing commercial products for appropriate remuneration.
1	Intel wants to personally fuck you in the ass even if it costs them billions in profits. Makes perfect sense if you think about it.
0	You're correct. Sorry to disturb you. I do have a question, however. Are you not disturbed by the lawmakers absolute disregard for anyones well-being other than themselves?
0	my understanding was that it wasn't patched in the extended support firefox that tor distributes.
0	Meh.. I saw past his bullshit from the beginning and didn't vote for him once.  I don't blame him.  I blame my fellow Americans.
0	Cult of Personality.
0	Then you just wanted to destroy america in a different way.  Your end goal was the same.
0	I'm honestly wondering if voting for Romney would have been any different though. I might vote 3rd party in 2016, who knows...not like it matters since I live in Texas.
1	And welcome to present day America!  Land of the free.
0	no, it does not work that way.
0	She doesn't sound like someone anyone should be double dipping no matter how many napkins they grab.
0	Ask them if they could install several webcams through their home as to verify just how much nothing they have to hide.
0	So they were using the iPhone 5 in 1998?
0	use a mirror, genius. a snapchat selfie
0	You must not read history, if you do it's US history books.
1	Why would you ever want to leave? Isn't it the best site ever? Back buttons are for cowards who can't embrace the future.
0	"NSA is basically saying ""Look what we did, we stopped evil pedos, and look what they used, Tor! Everyone who use Tor or proxies or VPN are pedophilia terrorists!!11!1!!"""
0	how do you update the Tor Browser?  Just re-download the whole bundle again?
0	Along the same lines, for the vast majority of people that I know this would be true which includes a room full of programmers.
1	Hmm, I wonder if a powerful agency can analyze textual context... Man I really wonder if that's possible.
1	Please don't correct my writing you stinky bag of pipes, I was trying to be polite.
1	This is why monarchy is the best form of government. One dude has all the power. If he fucks up we'll just kill him, take a page out of GoT.
0	I doubt there is such a thing, except on movies. Some guy getting a kilo of coke or 5 lbs of pot, really aren't very high level. Profit margins are extremely small. It is a whole network upon network for low level.
1	Freedom isn't free y'all
1	Yeah, you're right. Everyone just needs to stay out of the governments fucking business!
1	Don't go raining on their parade bro. If the US was socialist instead of capitalist none of this would happen,  itd be a utopia.
1	THE PROBLEM ISN'T RELIGION - YOU'RE JUST NOT WORSHIPPING THE RIGHT GOD!
1	Well, maybe we should stop paying our taxes
0	Hmm, I wonder if a campaign to send texts and voice mails to Congresscritters from what appear to be drug dealers would have any effect.
0	In such corporations, one line of code can have 2 pages of documentation/tests.
0	Yeah, my bad.
0	Let's be clear here, a significant portion of code is white spaces and boilerplate.  Shakespeare's works are far more information dense.
0	I think Morpheus and Neo are fighting.
0	* s*c*um
0	Stupid question. What is TOR?(assuming it stands for torrent..)
0	I'd love to know which sites other than Lolita City went down as that would be a lot more informative.
0	the latest Tor Browser package with NoScript still had JavaScript enabled. They were exploiting Firefox 17 ESR.... they may have gotten around NoScript... as the poster above suggested assume you were compromised and delete anything suspicious.
0	"Even with JS enabled, this attack won't work if you're using a separate browser with TOR, which is exactly what the ""browser bundle"" provides."
0	Someone could also link you to the bad sites and get you in trouble too, what a horrible trick. I bet 4Chan is having a blast.
1	The government is really lenient on drugs.
1	Doing drugs is way more important than legalization or regulation, duh. Being high is way more important.
0	People don't do it, or you haven't seen it?
0	Don't they mirror all internet traffic at certain nodes? Could they maybe trace packets before or after they were in the TOR network and conclude something about the server location that way?
1	RACIST!!!!!
0	Well, it's Glenn Greenwald, a yankee. And everytime I read another article by him I want to fuck him so much more. Plus, if yankees want to do investigative journalism I think they have to do it outside of the US.
0	Google voice seems really good, one time my friend quickly rapped into it and it got it right and kept up the pace. Hell, it got sumthin instead of something correctly
0	A-R-C-H-I-T-E-C-T
1	Don't worry everyone, keep on voting, I'm *sure* the next president will be better!
0	"Yeah, but I really wanted to feel like I wuz stickin it to ""the man"", man, when I was usin altavista and stuff"
0	The other link explained it. 2.4% of purchase price. Not build price.
0	It is within the legal framework for the president to veto legislation or directives from US government departments.
0	"""We are sorry, all operators are currently busy with their lives, please don't call again later."""
1	Rounded corner is innovative. wireless protocol is not.
1	But that's censorship! What about free speech?!
0	Like dog food made from horses!
0	Yeah sorry, I just tried it like in the 2nd post and that's just a desaster to find anything. I havn't used g+ very much in still have to scroll to dozen of pages and don't even see my comments in the first place, but have to expand everything.
0	1 like = 1 prayer,  share for swag, like for jesus, ignore if you want your mother to perish for eternity. Follow us if you think this video is slightly funny. 100 people want to play farmville and candy crush with you, also everyone can see that picture you liked or commented on. Everyone.
0	So glad I deactivated that abomination 2 weeks ago.. Facebook, not even once.
0	Soon the filter will block dissenting political views.
0	ICs are fabbed in one place and assembled in another.  For instance, AMD used to [at least] fab their processors in Germany and then actually make the chips in Malaysia.
1	Yes because all ebooks come in pdf and reading pdfs on a tablet is something people struggle to do.
0	No, just add a new amendment.
0	"It's okay to question when you have good reason to in the form of empirical evidence that challenges the current accepted scientific model and explains away the evidence supporting that model. That's not what Inhofe does. He actively promotes falsehoods about climate science, including the infamous ""Oregon Petition Project"", which is a blatant attempt at giving a false impression of where academics generally stand on this issue. He's a climate disinformer, and that's pretty evil."
0	This is by no means a defence of consumers, just implementation of the law without regards to what is best for everyone.
0	Android being open source removes any aspects of association with a corporation that you may not like.
1	Heyyyy I use both of those programs and only some of my data has been taken
0	Is there no way to store encrypted repos offsite?
0	yeah the nazi's did not persecute people in any way. stop drinking the koolaid.
0	If they supported more devices.
1	Hey 'muricans, how does it feel living in the former USSR??
1	We should force climate deniers to wear a symbol on their sleeves so that we know how wrong they are.  Then we can host a party when we smash all of their windows.  And one day, we will round them up and get rid of them once and for all.
0	I'm referring to how European leaders seems to be perfectly okay with the US spying on their citizens, as long as the US gives them access to the data. Seems to, as that's the only reason I can think of, for being so eager to hand over Snowden to the US. It also handily gives them plausible deniability, because they can't control the NSA directly,
0	I for one welcome a high atmospheric EMP blast that encompasses the entire planet. Sure, we are kicked back a century if not more, but the unprecedented data collection and endless surveillance will be over.
0	Something does not sound right here, i read that his wife was looking for backpacks for an upcoming holiday and he was looking for pressure cookers, so ether the story i read was wrong or his wife worked with him. I have read a few stories about this so i cant find the specific one and i am not going to read through them all again sorry.
0	Unless he was texting...but even then, I don't believe he should have to provide those documents to get the charge dropped.  Ten bucks says the cop doesn't show up to court to contest it, and it gets dropped.
0	By Bryan Cranston telling him to stay outta his territory
0	USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!
1	You are absolutely right! We should harass and interrogate anyone who searches for things that can be used in a bomb in any way. If you are not making a bomb you have nothing to hide and your time isn't worth enough for the government to care about harassing you. This is the only way to protect ourselves from the terrorists! We all know they shop online and leave a massive paper trail!
0	Will someone test this out and let us know what happens?
0	To enforce the laws. Police do not, and should not, judge if laws are right. Their job is to enforce the laws created by the legislature.
0	not to mention that is just 1 team of *many* teams.
0	Oh!  Right on then!  :)
0	The courts have got this wrong forever, but simply reading it makes this clear.
0	Oh, I'm certain there is.  And I'm certain that there will be, right until the moment they're offered a choice between substantial personal gain *or* those principles.
1	First off he created the Department of Engergy and Department of Education. Those have been nothing but a success.
1	"You mean a warrant like the ones that FISA oks without any over sight or transparency?  The courts where they are actively reinterpreting the 4th amendment and using the ""national security"" bullshit excuse to not let anyone see their rulings.  Yeah, that totally assuages my concern about this."
0	"Looks like it, i think mine was a little longer. The first page had some ""as you may know"" information about metadata collection."
1	Yes lets ban Google Glasses, it will be such a distraction. Much more distracting than looking at you GPS unit, while talking on your bluetooth headset and changing the radio station. Next up ban windscreen HUDs.
1	Let's appoint senators for lives then... And have fiefdoms while we're at it.
1	Surprise!!!
1	Wow, you sure do sound like a terrorist.
0	Allahu ackbar*
0	Depends how the payforview site works. I know that only 50% of my viewers count on AdSense as the other 50% use AdBlock and don't even see the ads. The payforview site could be using scripts.
0	Science, tell me how to digistruct D347 TP.
1	You should join our sarcasm club, you are good
1	Like the Middle East?  That gives us hope for more wars when the oil runs out!
0	I have a solar powered calculator that cost me $3.
1	Well that makes sense.
1	Do you mean to tell me De Beers has been lying to me for years?  Diamonds aren't forever?
0	That's true, I never thought of that. I wonder if it was have something built in so that it could fall in such a way as to minimize damage.
0	A solar powered kiln? Maybe if you flew the clay into the sun
1	Apple's super standardized, everything they make works with everything they make!!
0	That's why we'll need to load all these bricks up on trucks, and take them down to the Atacama desert, where it never(seldom/rarely) rains.
0	An ideal nozzle's shape is dependant on the atmospheric pressure.  This means that the ideal shape is different at take-off vs. orbit.  One solution is to pick a shape that is acceptable for the entire flight but never ideal, the other is to change the shape during flight to ensure that it is always the optimal shape.  The first has an increased cost of fuel but is cheaper and more reliable.  As long as fuel is cheaper than the reliability cost it is wiser to go with the first option.  When the shape of your nozzle is incorrect some of the energy is wasted laterally.
0	But how will we see that rocket?
0	One operating system under Gaben. In Gaben we trust.
0	It might be worth the time to set up an autokey/autohotkey script for a key combination for ~/\`. I know I use ~ almost every day (for the home directory shortcut in the terminal). Many games have ` for bringing up the console, too, and it would be annoying to have to fix that each time.
1	Does all servers ever violate wiretapping laws for decoding the data packets that are sent to them?
1	Sounds just like the NSA, full of self-restraint and non-invasive practices!
0	"Nasa never had ""rights"" to copyright free information."
1	SHILL!!!!!!!!!
0	RED, with their REDRay, can apparently deliver great-looking 4k at double-digit Mbps, so I don't see why a 4k film would have to be 100GB.
0	meh I was just making a joke.
0	This is a GOOD thing.  People weren't meant to be lifelong drudges.  History will look back at the past couple of hundred years as a horrifying aberration, albeit one that we perhaps had to pass through to reach the next stage.
0	Why do we still need humans?
0	I'm primarily in the NE region. Lots o customers up here.
0	Yes, the red white and blue ones are free.  Kinda.
0	No, I'm not saying that at all.
1	So that's why Open Source is such a failure.
0	TIL.
0	You are exactly right.
0	fuck the asscunts of verizon.
1	It also sends data, which as we all know micro-USB is totally incapable of doing.
0	"""BUT I DESERVE OVER 9000% PROFIT MARGIN SO YOU ARE OBLIGATED PAY WHATEVER WE ASK"" *-Comcast CEO.*"
0	In the wrong places.
0	I see your website and I want to paint it black
0	If you are still subscribing to them then you are part of the problem.
0	and?
0	Ideally, it would be democratic but in practice not that many people want anarchy. Either people will form governments on small scales which will eventually grow or corporations will take over government
0	Tor is compromised. It's time to move to open source-designed, community-built hardware and software and communicating through truly free p2p mesh networks which don't route traffic through the traditional internet at all. Radio frequency mesh networks, direct optical links (between apartment windows and balconies perhaps), community-built balloons with RF access points floating in the air, fucking toy submarines which hide in water bodies and route mesh traffic. Anything but the corporate police state backbone. Taking back free communication will become absolutely necessary.
0	"I hate the title, it's as if he's been conspiring against windows users and someone finally got him to crack...its the ""admits"" that's just painful to read"
0	Time to add another VM to my computer :D
0	Its too early to tell, but that kind of original out of the box thinking might cause just the Paradigm Shift we need.
0	No ... they can't put it on the Internet, if it isn't true.
1	Just like all the current blocks has stopped all file sharing
0	"That's incredible. I'll admit, I was one of those people talking down about his article when he wrote about teaching the homeless to code... but I didn't know how serious he was about it. It's really easy to sit there in your office chair and talk about helping the less fortunate. It's quite another thing to throw in several hundred of your own dollars and hours upon hours of your time to help someone out. Kudos to the guy for taking a chance, and kudos to his ""mentor"" for following through in a way I didn't expect."
1	"No dude. A couple of anonymous redditors saying ""I know a guy who owns a business and this happened"" is definitive proof that Yelp is a thuggish online extortion machine hell bent on destroying small businesses."
0	I only have used it for one show... It was encoded I'm 2001
0	Why would they?  They'd have a massive influx of customers (who they could charge more).  They'd probably be able to sue Verizon over their peering agreements too.
0	Google has made more than that in the time it took to write this reply :P
0	Yup I wish MPC-HC handled audio tracks and subtitles like VLC.
0	Well considering it is a .ogm file.. the encoder is long gone by now hah. The encode is fine really.. I just think when it was made in  ~2001 scanning most likely wasn't as common. Hell ... MPC-HC doesn't even let you scan and see frames as you scan.
0	If you are reading this, you are their customer for any kind of service and you are not currently dialing their # to cancel, you are a tool.
0	Rooting and installing a stock ROM? Not that complicated.
0	You are correct. Radioactivity is inversely proportional to half life. So you could take something that is going to be radioactive for tens of thousands of years, vitrifyit into an inert glass and bury the glass pellets it in an old uranium mine. This option is unpopular because atoms are scary.
0	He's an importer. Well, and an exporter. Importer-exporter.
1	Out of sight, out of mind!
0	Couldn't pay me to care about Nokia or any company that pays CEO's this kind of money, you breed this kind of greed and attitude, live with the consequences.
0	Thanks !
0	To get it in the butt.
0	I like how you tried to link to an obvious fake website but WOT is telling me it's real and shady as fuck.
0	How is it not a problem for people who are barely functional with computers?
1	When people buy products you don't use it's because of marketing but when they buy products you use its because it's an informed decision. Can't be any other explanation
0	I'll bet $10 that Lester did it.
1	Yes.  They just happened to write an algorithm that predicted this change and traded based on that guess at *exactly* the right time.  That seems likely.
0	So?
0	at this point the level of scrutiny the government is receiving in regards to NSA spying is enormous, and it would be very visible if they took any action against these big guys who are speaking out - the public for the most part seems to be very clearly on their side
0	Apple has always had and will continue to have huge profit margins on iPhones.
1	You mean to tell me that reddit doesn't want well sourced evidence for claims made by link baiting authors? I'm shocked.
1	Yes the iPad was only popular because it's trendy.
0	My 100 Mbps is ready
0	CEO one of the many executive positions that pays well, and continues to pay well even if you purposely drive the business into the ground.
0	Well you can get a Surface Pro 2 in about a month or you can wait a year hoping there will be a Surface Pro 3.
0	He did go to the bathroom... He could've been smoking in there.
0	Yep, I've been pretty impressed with the results of splashtop going from pc to tablet. Sometimes full screen games need a bit of mucking about, but for the most part it's great. A bit of latency, but since I mostly play rpgs it's not a huge deal.
1	I guess I'll just have to go back to books then.
0	Does Netflix compensate creators? Yes? You think they do that out of the goodness of their heart? You think a competitor wouldn't pop up overnight and undercut them without compensating the creator of it were legal to do so? Seriously?
0	Thanks...that's what I was getting at.  My linux experience started with Fedora Core 3, and then quickly Ubuntu 6.10 (once I decided to try it) and I've always had Nvidia equipment, just in case I wanted to use it with Linux, since ATI/AMD drivers were so badly lacking back then, and even now they can't compare with Nvidia, though they have improved considerably.
0	It also gives zero incentive for a dev to make a game for SteamOS
1	This is Microsoft's time to take over and fill the void that Apple is leaving.
0	"I clicked the K on the embedded video because I didn't see that link either. You would think it would be the ""Kickstarter"" link in the text but that would be way too convenient."
0	You are horrendously naive
0	And you currently have 6 upvotes and 6 downvotes...  You need another 6 in there HEATHEN!
1	Good. Our educational system is so messed up. This is exactly what we need to fix it.
0	Different phone, but the same basic experience. It was frustrating to watch others using their phones with no issues, while it was a chore just to make a simple phone call.
0	I wonder how many Indian Women of Wealth were on that boat?
0	I don't get this mentality... My SO can unlock my phone (if she even remembers the code still), I knew her code at one point but forgot, there's nothing on my phone that I wouldn't want her to see, and probably nothing on hers that she wouldn't like me to see. Relationships work better with trust.
0	I get that it's a joke. But it still makes sense that someone would use their toes.
1	Yea because recent events has revealed that the government is a honest trustworthy organization that is just looking out for everyone..... Citizens have nothing to fear from government collecting biometric data from citizens.... nothing to fear at all
0	They could have gotten the tech from other companies, but nobody else bothered. Which is good, IMHO.
0	And email attachments.
0	Seriously, it's the haters that are more annoying than the fanboys. Really because they are fanboys of competitors so they're really no different. People want to feel superior to others, it's pathetic.
0	Facebook works the same way, a lot of social networks do.  Don't single out linkedIn.
1	Phone colors from Apple de facto make it innovative and thus news
0	Upvotes aren't capped, they're just autobalanced by a downvoting balance algorithm. The reason there aren't that many upvotes is because not everyone has an account.
0	It's difficult to believe because it's (technically) impossible.
0	Linkedin is a scum company filled with recruiters that spam. I wouldn't expect anything less from them. It's like signing up to a website full of used car salesman trying to sell you a car and get your credit history while they are it. Deleted my account after realizing how stupid I was to even signup.
1	But, but, but *socialists* don't have any incentive to innovate and expand because the government takes all of their money via taxes for healthcare and to feed the poor.
0	Unless they prevent 100% of accidents, I can't imagine how it would work.When the car is completely automated, whose fault is it when someone gets run over? I certainly don't want to be the guy that killed someone because my car couldn't drive itself well enough. Accepting that a machine killed someone, and not the person inside will be very tough for the family. Likewise, if my mother was run over by an automated car, you can be damn sure I won't accept it as just another force of nature and will attempt to blame it on whoever I can regardless of what they really could have done about it.
0	Psh, I'm not passing up getting an omelet, calamari and french fries at 7A one my way to the L, so more like 5:00.
0	Damn, beat me to it haha
0	Doesn't the PS4 require an online subscription too?
0	Taxi's, buses, trains already have them all, and these cars are all going to be tracked by GPS to work anyway, who are you falling that a camera is going to make any difference.
0	Make it a membership deal. Bam. Accountability.
0	"Not only that. I can already imagine ""the subject was driving manually!"" replacing today's ""the subject was driving while drunk!"" in court."
1	Yeh, i bet apple never thought of that one! Thanks techcrunch!
0	More like successful success.
0	Neither Verizon or att offer unlimited texting with base plans. The lower tier carriers like T-Mobile sprint, metro etc... Offer it because they have to.
1	But everyone knows he was a retard, amirite??
0	If I had to guess, Truecrypt is too high-profile to not be compromised.
0	I dunno. That was what, 3-4 CEOs ago?
0	Z10 was released in February, S4 was released in June. Prices drop quickly as the months go by.
0	Someone will probably throw one away that works perfectly fine.
0	The BS hassle one has to go through to make a youtube account with G+ syncing all over the place and making requests makes me want to agree
0	It was still a button, just fancier?
0	Blu-ray has much more drm than dvds do that's why it's so hard to get to work. Also it cost money to have the ability to play it that's why it's not native.
1	Because I along with millions of others definitely voted for GCHQ to attack/hack EU countries' businesses.
0	Sounds just like the office apps getting access to undocumented OS features that MS hid from independent developers.
0	Good old microsoft: when you can't innovate, try to litigate.
0	This is a ridiculously sensationalist, misleading title.
0	Unfortunately, my career depends on me not being an asshole in the government's eyes, but even if I didn't care, I don't have the ability.
0	the post office is right- they are government union labor. there are no threats except public opinion, and wasting money on subsidizing rural mail delivery is apparently popular
0	If you consider how much time I usually spend on a single game, games offer a much better value, in terms of dollars per hour.
1	Good thing they don't spend millions on a top-notch legal team.
0	^ This advice ain't nothin' to fuck with.
0	People hate on Facebook but in my opinion their privacy mistakes are all pretty minor compared to the NSA's deliberate destruction of internet privacy.
0	...Holy... HOLY SHIT.
0	Diodes down his left side, Belgium.
0	What if said soldier named his gun and died trying to retrieve it? Is that different?
0	Or that they fucked my mom. It'll be just like Xbox Live.
1	Right so we should just stop innovating because something is already good enough.
0	Maybe it was for a dead chick dating site.
1	How dare he insist upon Verizon following the open access rules they agreed to when purchasing the spectrum. What an asshole.
0	Yep. Them Comcast or satellite that drops out when it snows.
1	You mean it moves and I can still talk to my friend? It must be automatic like an elevator!
0	Getting smarter, 11 million at a time.
1	Yeah. I'd love to see Mozilla add this to Firefox.
0	I do, all the foreign agencies keep me in the loop.  Keep your head buried in that sand, ostrich.
0	It's Inspector Clouseau Syndrome, just backwards.
0	It makes a laughably unbreakable within heat death of the universe key crackable by means at hand.
1	Wow what a surprise, another cop who wants more power for their institution! Shocking!
0	Then why have you continued to demonstrate a poor understanding of the position? Extremely poor reading comprehension? A desire to outright misrepresent the position?
1	Shocking considering all those people I've seen bumping their phones to pay for things. NFC is the future!!!!
0	I'm pretty sure if you did this in the U.S. with 0bama, you'd be dragged naked into a prison cell and disappeared for quite a long time before your permanent terrorist prison cell was assigned.
0	Am I the only one who actually permanently deleted my account instead of just deactiving it
0	"A small ACME style flag with *""boom""* printed on it would have been incredibly effective in getting the point across."
0	You aren't paying to watch adverts. You are watching adverts so the payment isn't extremely high. TV is expensive to produce. 8 bucks a person isn't enough to make it all.
1	Remember the intel switch?  That wasn't innovating, it was just changing chips!
0	So... Arnold Schwarzenegger?
1	Gamers never spend any time on Windows fucking with their drivers.
0	Err, what? I think you've got that the wrong way around. I scanned every comment and there was one, possibly two short comments like that near the bottom. Completely dwarfed by the dozens of comments shouting NO GABE IS A FAT SHIT AND LINUX IS TRASH LOL.
0	Yeah but Linux has always struggled to support laptops.
0	Yes, but it doesn't work nearly as well on very recent computers, which is what gamers are concerned with.
1	because RIBBION
0	Solitaire.
0	Good.
0	Little hard to tell what that says but it does in fact appear that you know what you're talking about. My apologies.
0	So how does one protect their work then? Oh right, copyright.
0	"Copyright is a property right. Killing ""the copyright monopoly"" will just be another way to take people's property. As this goes on Government Monopolies grow and no one seems to object. That's how we all use, folks."
0	Probably soon after all the 70yo+ farts that are being paid by big media to make the current unfair laws die off.
0	So you can't tell me what it does to the Bill of Rights. But it is bad, very bad.
0	He's going too fast!  Better get an extra set of hands on the keyboard!
0	I think someone with influence would kill the kickstarter before too long.  can't have any competition.
0	A small peripheral attached to a computer or other device; or to Adria Richards, the Patriarchy.
0	"Microsoft still has a monopoly. And they still won against Netscape. And they still control the keys to AHCI and UEFI. I can walk into any major retailer, and buy all of one OS for ""PC"" computers."
0	It's so stealthy nobody has ever heard of it
0	In many places the big ISPs have bribed their way in to being the local monopoly.  I used to live in BFE in what was technically a Comcast area, but they wouldn't provide me service because it wouldn't be profitable enough for them, but, the County gave them a monopoly over the entire county because that's the only way they would provide service to anyone at all (it was a small county of 10,000).
1	Dongle?  Stop oppressing women in technology..
0	"It probably won't do too great consumer-wise, but they did mention something about decreasing the number of ""sparks"" for energy companies."
0	... When it's a logical next step, you really don't get to claim it's copying.
0	"One does not ""submit"" articles to WP. You obviously couldn't have a wikipedia article about this one article, and notability requirements have no bearing outside of article creation."
1	This just *has* to be a lie, **EVERYONE** knows you can't compete with free!
1	This is totally why my data center has no redundancy dood. Lol, u so rite.
0	They're a mass market luxury item. Twice the cost of a reasonable alternative. Most so called luxury items are like this. If you dilute too much there becomes less and less train not to go for a high spec android instead.
0	seed plz
0	I'm impressed how the author was willing to admit his mistake. He has my respect.
0	What country are you in?  And why don't you just find software that helps you evade those blocks?
1	Facebook gets fined $3 million. The NSA spends $52 billion. It all makes perfect sense.
0	The editor bots have made wikipedia uneditable by anybody other than the hardcore wikipedian. It has effectively reduced wikipedia to a feudal system.
0	Cause that way only the nsa can spy on you, not those dirty dogs from google
0	If you use the hashed version of your password as the secret as you suggest, then all you know is the client knows the hashed password. So if someone steals the hashes from the server, they get into every account with no brute forcing or rainbow tables needed.
0	It's not. You can already see every ap and client connection going on.
1	Good news! Plausible deniability for any access on my network. w00t!
1	Good thing I have an iPhone! I'm completely safe from this kind of corporate snooping!
0	Just another reason to hate Verizon and never give them any of my money.
0	"Something important to point out is that the safety measures in Japan weren't as good as say, in the USA. IIRC, a nuclear engineer had piped in on the topic to point out that in Japan, the technicians on site hadn't been trained for full-manual operation and diagnosis of a reactor. They weren't familiar with manual measurement procedures, etc. By contrast, the USA standards for a reactor deal with ""absolute worst case scenario"" handling, all the way down to how to manually track fuel status."
0	What are you? ImperialConversionBot?
0	Joke's on them! I don't have an Android device... :(
0	"Seriously this so fucking irritates me it's beyond recognition! I don't give a flying fuck about what they deem ""most interesting/popular"", just let me look in chronological order."
0	But will a Surface keep my cats butt warm?
0	If it makes you feel any better, I still use a dumb phone.
0	They are very nice screens. Did she try and get it fixed thru Sony? I had my keybkard short out and a local co.puter shop fixed if in an afternoon and ot was $100 between parts and labor when Sony wanted three weeks and $300.
0	What did you not like about it? Personally I'd rather have an RT than an ipad
1	Because without verizon, there would be no internet.
0	Face Unlock + Finger Unlock?
0	I don't use any fans in any of my HTPC builds.  They're all near silent.
1	You're right. AAPL's going to zero. Short it to death!
1	Jews are secretly upvoting and downvoting posts.
0	I never said that. Innovation doesn't have to be the only reason why something does well.
0	As written into law. They can't enforce standards that aren't law.
1	Thanks for sharing all your visitors with Google. I'm sure they appreciate Google tracking all their visits to your site. Even if they don't, it's definitely worth saving a few kB on your server.
0	I'm not saying they couldn't do better... but why do it properly when you can throttle what you don't like and save some money?
0	It doesn't matter. You could literally destroy your competition financially with DDOS attacks. The whole thing is patently absurd. It will never pass because it gives an enormous advantage to big business and small business would simply cease to exist on the Internet. Even Republicans aren't that stupid.
0	Okay, how about we stop buying from Verizon then?
0	So, I want to leave Verizon, any recommendations? AT&amp;T, T Mobile, Virgin Mobile?
0	The same way the librarians did it.  Go to court where you can talk about it while saying nothing publicly until you win the right to talk publicly.
0	So. Much. White. Ugh.
0	Sheeeeeiit, a Wire downvote gif.
0	True, (well **hopefully** this stays true).
0	Really shitty magic looks like technology?
0	They can track your location, calls, email, internet usage, but OH NO, not the fingerprints!!!1!!
0	Asians love Hello Kitty. China mobile is in Asia. Bada-bing bada-boom.
0	Yeah, there are plenty of these. Lenovo y510p, Razer laptop, Alienware laptops, Clevo Sager, there are many gaming laptops capable of handling today's newest games.
0	I understand what you're saying, but the type of people who steal phones aren't really the type of people that track down your mailbox and pull prints from it. Sure, it's possible, but it's not likely. If fraud and phone theft decrease because of this, then it's a success. I don't think anyone is aiming to eradicate phone theft, just decrease it.
0	"Ya the name ""quantum teleportation"" is very misleading. It causes so much confusion and the media doesn't help either."
0	By 2020 we'll have 512 GB of RAM.
0	How's it supposed to upload to NSA if the damn interface doesn't work?
0	Just 2.
0	You knew what I meant.
1	Glad to hear school districts in CA have all that extra money they can use for this.
0	No they don't.
0	The funny thing about that piece is that there's a simple power button on Vista (and Windows 7) for a one click power off.  The menu he pointed out was an advanced menu, which at the very least I'd be annoyed if it disappeared.
0	Incorrect. I know Samsung (and I think HTC) have the ability to have multiple apps in view. When the GS3 came out much fuss was made that you could half size a movie window and continue browsing in the background while your movie played.
0	This is not true in Vermont.  In Vermont schools are responsible for bullying that happens outside the school when two students are involved.
0	Llama can do the same thing. And it's based off cell tower location, so no draining due to the gps.
0	Net-new to iPhones, I should say.
0	Just don't reformat to 7. That would be pretty illogical thing to do anyways.
1	And they didn't improve it in the intervening years whatsoever.
1	Well at my highschool, they used to allow the kids in detention to pick up trash, mow the lawn, etc (voluntarily, it helped pass the time). Maybe that's how the school is thinking of making back its investment!
1	Dude what school district do you teach in? That's 40k is like 3 teachers at least!
0	fake
1	We can go back to using horses and buggies to get around, too.
0	Holy shit, they sent him to the International Space Station!? That's awesome
0	Are you sure? It is a ruling made based on federal law. It serves as precedent for federal law in any case. Yes, it is true that this doesn't bind another court from disagreeing, but it makes it far less likely the other court will disagree.
0	So is my 8.1 beta gonna stop working?
0	That doesn't seem like a problem to you?
0	Wouldn't that actually be illegal? I'm no lawyer, but that sounds like aiding &amp; abetting a crime.
1	Merica' the land of the free
0	Don't bother. I just wasted like half an hour trying to convince this guy that readily apparent facts are, in fact, true. Even after proving it, he still thinks everyone in this thread is crazy except for him. It's a waste of time.
1	Stop complaining and be monitized like a good American vs some kinda godless commie
0	I feel like we got our wires crossed. You're the one who brought up blanket bans, not me. All I said is that the *concept* of a blanket ban is indeed enforceable, as has been demonstrated by the marijuana debate.
0	"i dont think its ""lawbreakers"" they are scared of.  its looking like they view the entire public as a problem.  one of their biggest targets right now are eco activists who oppose fossil fuel projects -- pipeline &amp; fracking opponents.  they also target activists who support govt transparency.  people who feel strongly about preserving the constitution.  i dont think their biggest problem is bad guys in turbans."
0	There is no real way to check it 100% but to understand this fact you have to understand how the telecoms work. They get tax breaks and direct funding from both local and federal sources for laying new line and usually for replacing line.
0	It might work :-)
1	Because corporations are people
0	Fingerprint scanner sounds cool but aren't your prints going to be all over the screen anyway?
1	Only Congress and the NSA have the right to limit our free speech, not some greedy ISP!
0	It was a Saturday.
0	If I had a vortex machine at 19, it certainly would not have been used for cleaning my room.
1	Its simple, boil the oceans
0	Yea, based on the name I just figured it was about a doctor in Chicago.
0	They still don't get the entire $60 either, how is it that developers make from retail?
0	And it is far better than subsidence farming.
0	Yes, eventually, but not soon and not in an environmentally harmful fashion. Forms of hydroelectric power are also technically sustainable in that they require no fuel and environmental effects can be controlled for.
1	Nah, we'll just start invading African countries for it. Give the Mid-East a breather.
1	Yeah utility companies don't provide anything that a normal individual can do at their house.
0	What will Rev Jesse Jackson do for a living?
1	Yep, and a power drill working on the light emitted by a light bulb, just like my calculator.
0	At least he knows what he's talking about.
0	There is already a massive backlog.  It would only get worse.
1	Don't be evil.
0	Nope. Fuck you OneRunJunior. Read your damn reviews.
0	I dare you to try.
0	I think the $499 console price was (and is) very tough for people to swallow, and when Sony came out at $399 it cemented the disdain for the Xbox's other problems.
0	The cooling in itself would be a big boon, I would think, plus ease of management.  I have walked into server rooms and just wanted to walk back out when faced with hundreds of cable.  And think of all of the periphery savings in cable hardware and trays and such.
1	Nah that was fascist communist socialism we shot down. /'murica
1	Wearing glasses/contacts or a watch or carrying your phone everywhere, one of those bluetooth headset things makes you a cyborg. I'm technically correct - which is also the best form of correct
0	NSA: No Secrets Anymore
0	"When snowden said ""this gets much worse"", he was not kidding at all. This is fucking bullshit. This is worse than collecting facebook data dammit. And I didn't think I would say that when this whole thing started. fuck."
0	If you give me your bank account number, I'll let you know where you spend your money.
0	welp, I learned something today.  looks like ebay are the assholes
0	new?  This crap has been around for a very long time.  He just has people sucking his dick and is regurgitating old ideas from the first failed attempt at electric cars.
0	Its a joke that most Canadian ISPs offer basically the same shitty service at around the same shitty price they have for years. I don't know what it would take to get fiber optic rolling out but I'm sure it would be hard as shit in our poorly designed cities with urban sprawl.
0	You don't even need a *credit* card. You can now buy pre-paid and rechargeable *debit* cards. There is no credit involved, if your transaction exceeds your balance, you're not completing the purchase.
0	"You're absolutely right. But I think that has more to do with the perceptions people have of electric vehicles and how they are refueled. How often they need to be charged and when is something they are not used to thinking about. For example, most often an electric car gets charged at home, not at a ""gas station"". They just hear ""1 hour or more for a full charge"" and immediately imagine sitting in a station somewhere twiddling their thumbs. But in reality, you will charge your car at home while asleep, at the mall while you shop, or in the extreme case at a charging station while you take a break for lunch, dinner or sight-seeing on a long trip. It doesn't require you to stand there with the charging cable in your hand while it is happening. People have spent a lifetime with the ""gas station"" paradigm that it is difficult to imagine a different one where refueling your car doesn't require a special trip or any extra personal time."
0	"I installed an add blocker because the flash ads on a particular website were slowing down its video player. I'd only block the ads on that one website if I could but I don't know how. The right click ""block element"" function of ABP doesn't seem to work on them."
0	Just buy a moped, it's not a bicycle any more.
0	Could AdblockPlus make an option to not block text/image ads any more and only block flash/popups/really annoying animations?
0	The iPhone was at 4% marketshare 3 years after it launched. Weird things happen in the tech world all of the time. I'm not saying Windows Phone has the same chances as the iPhone, but... the industry is BAFFLING.
1	Giving everything away for free, with no ads or inconveniences of any kind. Adapt or die!
1	Such a shame. Too bad they closed their American fab a few years back.
0	if only it had a 7 inch screen i would buy it
0	Silly, everyone knows it's for taking fake shits while browsing porn at work.
1	sure, but clearly the $50 ones will produce whiter whites, more true colors, etc.
1	We can only hope they choose to go with Zune Phone!
0	60 fps? srsly where's ma 120 fps at.
0	You're right, it's technically the taxes but the taxes are part of the fuel price.
0	Yes but HDMI is becoming extremely common on laptops now. Since more and more laptops are ditching the VGA port, business people need some way to project their screen and HDMI is the clear winner there.
0	You will be able to watch the Twilight Zone how it was intended.
0	Ain't exactly disagreeing...but the bigger concern is lack of public space.
0	It generates over a billion in revenue a quarter, they have already made that money back or close to it.
0	Operating systems, left to themselves, rarely crash. It's all the different applications you run with varying amounts of bugs that can crash. It's much easier to make bug free code in a contained environment.
0	Could be fixed by having a 2-factor authentication equivalent where your ECG acts as the password and the bracelet as the device. A randomised (Or chosen) code is programmed into the bracelet which then combines with an output generated from your ECG to create a unique piece of data that is used as identification. That way, your ECG can't be used without the bracelet and the bracelet can't be used without the ECG.
0	Voi vittu
1	yea when I think airlines I think 'good customer service'
1	Only Nazis would think people have the right to do whatever they please with their own business. Selling your company to Microsoft should clearly lead to capital punishment
0	Airline pilots have no such luxury. If you can't stand the heat, get out of the operating theater.
0	Not to mention that this fantastic Lumia design is actually crippled N9 (yes crippled because body and screen in N9 were design to support touch gestures WP does not provide and had bigger screen due to lack of buttons)
0	[Citation needed]
0	I can't wait till we live in an era where oppressive nazi regimes can't keep the everyman down with their common sense rules and expectations!
0	This isn't semi-autonomous as I would define it.  It's self-driving under a limited set of circumstances, like the highway.  Article doesn't say if it's braking and following distance.  Needing the driver to pay partial attention is worse than not having any self-driving capabilities.  Either self-drive or nothing other than cruise control.
0	Then we'll all scratch our heads as to why various forms of brain cancer and nervous system disorders keep growing exponentially in those with the implants.
0	I hate when my brain gets in a thinkinking loop.
0	It IS the point.  You are upgrading your computer in order to maintain against the progression of the market.  This is something that can be managed on the other end instead of having to deal with it on your own box.  Not only that, but it's a huge burden taken off of people who see a computer as a magic box rather than even knowing what any of the actual components are.  The benefits from that end are very blatant.
0	"At least they banned ""#beautyandessex"" so that people can't accidentally find spray tanned people wearing white stilettos and ankle bracelets..."
0	The NSA bought them all.
1	"Well it says right there in the title it's a ""conspiracy"", which means the allegations are tinfoil hat nuttery."
0	"I've used Western Digital and I find I have better luck with the cheaper Maxtor drives over the years ""1 lasted 8 years hard use"" though I haven't bought one for almost 5 years so the quality could have dropped by now."
0	do you know what the heat from nuclear fission is used for? the production of, wait for it, *steam*. you're kind of thick, aren't you?
0	Are you serious? If so, why?
1	But how will you fit 4 dual GPU cards in your case?
0	Yep! Welcome to the 1970s...the future of computing!
0	Almost every super and exotic car manufacturer are based in Europe, this will never pass.
0	It's more like a better Windows 7, but with the GUI destroyed.
0	"Great analogy, and I think they'd go so far as to shoot everyone else to make things ""fair"""
0	I wish I could send you my unused internets. I could easily spare *up to* 20 Mbps without severely impacting my own speed while I browse reddit. Curse you, technology!! Why did you make me into a robot!?
0	every fucking thread on reddit and other sites about a company or it's products always begins with a comment about how great they are. either it's market departments on their game or people are just that brain dead.
0	I sell on there myself. I don't ask for names. If someone offers that information that's their business but I respect a customer's decision, need, or interest in privacy. It's whatever they want really, I'll get them their coins.
1	That didn't take long at all.
1	"But But But .... it's for ""safety"", right?"
0	I have no clue why i don't notice it anymore then. Does this mean I'm a robot?
0	As if they weren't watching everyone on the planet already.
0	Light blocking curtains are cheaper and work better.
0	True. I actually mean to be talking of the Scene with topsites and FTPs and such. Ive seen torrent scene groups and the Anime scene are a bit more progressive.
1	PC gaming is dead.
0	WHAT THE FUCK? 3711 DISKS?
0	NO, ONLY ONE IS THE CHOSEN ONE. THE OTHERS WILL BURN WITH ENVY.
1	Yay, more binary blobs!
0	Nuclear, in terms of CO2/kWh, sits in between renewables and fossil fuels due to the large amount of materials involved in a reactor's construction.
1	but..but.. our great GOD GOOGLE has self-driving cars that are literally perfect.
0	That's what I keep telling people. Here, have an upvote so you're not sitting at zero.
0	"You may find it old fashioned but ""whom"" is far from dead in written English.  Use ""who"" when you are referring to the *subject* and ""whom"" when you are referring to the *object*.  You wouldn't see or say ""For who the bell tolls"".  I agree in super casual writing it's not usually treated as a big deal but ""Prosecuted by who?"" is just glaring."
0	I highlighted a paragraph and my router exploded.
0	Wyomarians
0	18 hours is impressive, though I'd like to see it tested first by someone before I take their word for it.
0	But you're in Romania. I'll take the trade.
0	Won't everyone say it's off to get out of the ticket?
1	Good thing the FTC allowing large corporations to buy each other up led to lower prices for consumers.
0	Depending on how deep the conversation is audio could be more of a distraction. For example if someone is asking me some complex question about work it's much more of a distraction if I have to think very hard about it instead of paying attention to the road. You can be staring directly at the road but still not be paying attention.
0	You are misusing the word maneuver. Maneuver means the direct actions you take with your vehicle. So changing a lane would be a maneuver, as would adjusting your speed so a car close to you can merge. Google glass assists in navigation and doesn't help you maneuver in any way.
0	If it wasn't even on (not operating), or just intended for GPS (not entertainment OR business), how would that be a violation?
0	The melamine keeps flowing, no matter what.
0	Because no technology has ever been predicted in a work of fiction.
0	You'd be surprised at just how hard it is to flee from an organized police force on foot in most places.  You'll make it a little ways... but US Marshals etc are *extremely* good at what they do.
0	At least the police in GTA V will finally make sense.
0	It's true, Nokia sales have a very low ASP which isn't exactly a sign of good health. Either their high end phones are being discounted or they are selling mostly low end stuff - which means that these aren't the kind of customers that app makers want.
0	Historic landmarks generate tourism dollars.
1	Nobody could ever photoshop such a thing.   It's beyond technology.
1	Coming soon to Comcast for only $29.99 more! ^(2GB ^^data ^^cap ^^applies.)
0	That link stays blue no matter the time of day for me.
0	Too late. Though it will be remembered as a noble effort on your part.
1	Yeah, you should stay away... It's awful here.
0	Ya, good point. But this ruling is bullshit. This is uttrt infringement of privacy. What if someone just decides to sue someone without reasonable grounds? They're still able to disrupt on the person's life by confiscating their property? Bullshit!
0	"Just gonna put it out there that I hate the mil as a unit. Way too easily confused with millimeters and milliliters, which I have heard expressed colloquially as ""mils"" in an academic setting... english measurements are dumb enough as it is."
0	They usually do credit your next bill. I think Ollie refers to the problem of power being generated when it isn't needed (thus wasted) and the strain on the system from power lines providing power instead of drawing it.
0	"I remember all the people saying ""What would I want to do with my phone that I can't do with my laptop?"" and ""Why would I want a tablet when can have a netbook?""."
1	Quebecker here on a 15M/1M (300GB cap). I got a special deal from my local ISP; I'm paying the equivalent of a 6M/0.8M (unlimited). Yay, oligopolies!
0	At a minimum they can be sized.
0	I thought those were shot down because tickets weren't being issued by a police officer, they were just showing up in the mail.
1	Raising living wages will surely solve the problem!
0	i mean I clearly dictate what we call bacterial infections right? as a software developer I am clearly qualified to name medical illnesses.
1	Anyone who criticizes this is just greedy and doesn't want to pay their fair share and is breaking their social contract.  Come join me in r/politics for further discussion.
0	Please report to your nearest FBI station before 09:00 AM tomorrow morning at the latest.
0	I would claim this is a tactic by the government to track the locations of our cars at all times if I didn't think they are already doing it anyways.
1	Great, another tax.  Those working folks who drive into work every day just dont pay enough, do they.
0	What did you think people were going to talk about when the headline mentions taxes? Only politicians can create taxes.
1	NO FUCK THAT! HOW WILL WE BLOW UP BROWN PEOPLE!!!
1	That obviously wouldn't work. People would start driving backwards where ever they went.
0	Hm, then you'd get a bunch of taxes.
0	It must be nice wherever you live. The weather here in reality sucks.
1	So you're saying we should tax the weather.
0	That's hardly a problem if you're trying to get people to switch to electrics. Once enough have transitioned, then you start taxing the electric cars.
0	In the kitchen, entropy is not your friend.
1	So inpainting... sooooo novel
1	Yes because Trucks do not pay any gas taxes at all
0	"""Marge, can you set the oven to 'cold'?"""
1	Exactly. In fact, calling a microwave a microwave is really stupid, because it's not a wave, it's an oven. There is absolutely no rational reason to call a microwave a microwave, they should instead refer to it as a 'chamber for microwave radiation'.
0	"No. You're an idiot. An oven is a ""reverse refrigerator"" obviously ;)"
1	It means I can say and do whatever the fuck I want, whenever I want, right? Literally 0 restrictions?
0	Why is it that every time an editorial comes out about a privacy issue, or a corruption issue the source is always something like privacysos or something like it.  You can tell from the site name what side they are going to take in the argument.  Say what you want about the Huffington Post, but if someone had never heard of them the most they could assume is that it's a paper from the land of Huffington.  False, but better than assuming the article/editorial is going to be slanted heavily to one side from the word go.
0	What?
0	He didn't say scamming.
0	I agree with the idea of DRS, but I think it should be reduced.
0	HTTPS connections shouldn't save form input values in the first place
0	"Perhaps.  But it's simpler to switch to the AdBlock Edge addon that doesn't have this ""acceptable ads"" nonsense."
0	It already has to an extent.
1	Im so glad all the rapists, pedophiles, and drug dealers so they can focus so much effort to stop people from downloading files ilegally
0	You can create a thousand accounts in seconds. You don't need to rely on somebody who can confiscate your money or block your transactions. It is often faster. The fees are way lower.
0	We're going full Matrix in here.
1	Well when those men wrote the bill of rights all those years ago, they only intended the 4th amendment to apply to your personal effects and your home. They could not have had any idea about what kind of technology we have now so it shouldn't be protected
0	"The ACLU and EFF seem like a last line of defense for so many very important parts of our lives these days. Both of them let you set up monthly donations with a credit card through their websites, which I've done. You do get neat membership cards and stickers... now my front door says ""COME BACK WITH A WARRANT! [EFF]"". Which totally won't get me tackled to the ground by a SWAT team only because I don't live near any major cities."
0	They are the arm of the law. Someone gave that warrant, someone will receive the responsability. They are just the last ring of the chain.
0	I have a hatchet and flares in my winter emergency survival box in the back of my truck.  I'll bet the cops would claim those to be weapons if they were ever wanting to create charges against me if they'd pulled me over.  There's also toilet paper, paper towel, engine oil, duct tape, electrical tape, mitts, hat, towing strap, protein bars and such in there, so should I ever break out the kit it's gonna be a party.
0	Windows only costs what the label says if your time has no value.
0	Can't figure what's worst: govt. projects done by external-providers with over-inflated price tags, or asking for a sophisticated, utopian system and offering peanuts in reward.
0	Only 90%+ of accidents will go away, is all.
0	Is Santa watching?
0	Replying for later
1	No! We must have dozens of typists on typewriters! Word processors are killing jobs!
0	Wikimedia is a not for profit and probably not for sale either.
0	I remember buying a family pack of one of their OSs (5 installs), but it had no method of tracking the number of installs. Plus, their OSs are cheap to begin with.
0	This seems like a smart way to educate masses of people on the basics of windows 8 and get them less afraid. You don't even have to use the device itself but watch others.
0	compact mode rules, player and playlist fit right on top of the window title bar, unless you use Chrome, which puts tabs there.
1	No, you see it's something different therefore it must be bad
0	It brought up the full banner this morning when I posted this comment.  The banners seem to be gone altogether now so I can't get you a screenshot. Oh well
0	Make some..
1	Why not spend 100$ more and get the iPad Air 128GB!  Think of all the episodes of the The Big Bang Theory you can hold on it.
0	Just wondering; are you referring to the copyrighted images Apple used for their internal video, or the copyrighted songs Casey Neistat used in his youtube video?
0	Huh that's weird... I dunno then I'm sorry!
1	You mean, you don't want to see pictures of 16 horses that look like Miley Cyrus? Where else will we get this critical information?
0	But we want to make sure Google *doesn't* get paid for your click! How dare they make money off of their free website?!
0	I don't as I like to support those that produce good content.
0	"I'm not sure. I'm just saying that Apple events, back in the day of Steve Jobs, used to be ""real"" events, significant events. Since he died, these things have been yawn-fests."
1	Yes, definitely. And when I need to send something I use UPS.
1	Because everyone knows security depends on the language and not the programmers and sys admins!
0	Call and threaten to cancel.   If you can follow through, actually cancel the service.   Fuck them.
0	The kind we all wish we could have in our lives as well.
0	Capitalism theater.
0	Awesome, that's the exact model my sister has and she has leopard. Time to upgrade her.
0	I definitely want faster internet and would pay mpre for it, but I understand I am in the minority. Of course everyone in the comments of this post wants it but we are outliers in the ISP market
1	I'm sick of paying $65/month for a 125MBps/125MBps connection
0	All the executives and paid shills for the entrenched ISP infrastructure who stand to lose - big - if Google ever comes to their turf.
0	Microsoft got rid of OEM pricing.  So people who build their own PCs have to pay full retail for windows.
0	Depends on the data cap.
1	Don't forget that here in the UK, our government loves blocking any EU laws because you know the EU is evil
0	but you could only put it on an apple device certified to run it legally.  Windows 8.1 will pretty much go and run on anything as long as it can install.  OSx not so much.
0	I used alien blue on mu 4s and I tried it on my droid tablet. Baconit is by far the best app I've used for reddit so far.
0	You can talk again if you can provide me with a alternative to any of their models providing exactly the same features or better for the same price or lower.
0	Now call me crazy, but doesn't the US have all three?   Well a lot of people are gonna rip on the standard of living, but in all seriosness?
0	Maybe they were already considering going on a trip to the U.S. and the cheap iPhone is just a bonus.
1	Hey wow this might prevent police from using GPS Trackers without warrants!
0	Is any of the price increase due to them not selling at a loss, because they will never make any money back on game sales?
0	You have a plethora of device choices. You chose Apple. No one said you have to buy Apple.
0	Good idea.
1	Or they vote for someone they agree with. But then again, all 40 million people should have the same thoughts on everything, all the time, right? That's not stupid at all.
0	There is no business to be done on a dead planet
1	No way, government never messes up anything ever and should be trusted to do everything for us.
0	By that argument Google Chrome is not free because it requires the purchase of a PC or mobile device.
0	Compressed memory certainly applies to your iMac. Literally multiplies your ram by a factor of 1.5
0	Maybe, but the Surface 2 continues to be a jack of all trades, master of none.
0	Well if they think people wont care about those specs, then why bother to mention the resolution?
0	As long as you aren't using it as a baseball bat I don't think you are going to notice a difference.  I am willing to bet you can drop the new iPad from just as high (if not higher) as the older iPads could handle and it wouldn't break.
0	No consumer is buying this machine, it's for pro use.
0	That's cool and all, but by not flying and telling others not to as well, hopefully it will put some pressure on the airlines to have their deep pocketed lobbyists tell TSA to fuck off.  Maybe it's a pipe dream but whatever, I'm saving myself the hassle of being molested and stuffed in a tin can with a bunch of fatties in exchange for seeing the open road and a few other sites along the way.
1	So that's the secret to Apple's success.  A completely open operating system!
0	Not to mention most people with ipads love them and don't get new ones every year. The market is already saturated with older ipads that serve perfectly for what most people use them for (and they are cheaper than the alternatives..)
0	It's a valid point. If you're going to spy on all my personal information, by god, at least make it kinda convenient for me!
1	Yeah, there was nothing useful on the internet before the web.
1	I personally prefer Android, just because I like all the pretty colors.
1	Wow, FOX News resorting to stunts like this to pull in viewers? This is new.
0	Yes but if you did install Windows 8 on a computer that came with Windows XP you could always revert if you were dissatisfied.
1	Wow. Information overload
0	That's interesting!  Thanks.
1	I am on a Mac, this cannot happen to me.
0	Hows that relate to Germany? that is the point. They have adopted solar and wind and are eschewing nuclear. Solar has taken over their needs making building new nuke plants unnecessary.
0	TIL that David Pogue has a tumblr.
1	Clearly, everyone should be forced to perform studies and surveys before relating relevant anecdotes.
1	I agree. People who use ebonics or slang shouldn't get treatment.
0	*freedom*^(tm) 1 freedom 0
0	So with that 4.85 billion + not having to pay for maintenace on their own towers, they will use it to upgrade their network and improve serv...ahaha sorry. I couldn't even through that last part.
0	If you can't sell a phone without violating the GPL or slathering it with bloatware, maybe you shouldn't be selling phones.
0	The internet was just fine for decades without ads.  It will be fine after they die too.
0	I think the music service makes money through a subscription fee that is actually the same or more than Netflix.
0	Guess you're never installing any updates to apps either? Because the icons will change regardless of what version of iOS is installed as developers update their apps.
0	Sound like just enough time, given how long this install is taking me
0	US Laws. Specifically laws such as HIPAA and others prevent the usage of modern browsers without expensive testing (which takes a while to complete). This is why you see very old versions of browsers in the health care industry.
0	I think I probably oversimplified things. But my point about hard clipping and it being completely lost is correct, right?
0	No people can't be bothered to learn the basics about networking and transferring files.  There are plenty of ways to do it, however Windows is particularly bad about coming with shitty built-in tools.
1	So if the cars he manufacturers are so great, why's he buying a Lotus? Huh?! HUH?!
0	Get that thing laminated so it doesn't get ruined over time.
1	Well, I just googled it and an RJ45 cable is capable of supporting bandwidths of up to 1 Gb. So I am sure after the cable companies get through removing all the analog channels and going to an IP based transmission scheme (using a cable box) they will happily pass along the extra bandwidth to the consumer at no cost.
0	Yeah. I've part-way reverse engineered bits, but life got in the way.
0	Because their goal is money. This is capitalism 101. The goal is to make as much money as possible. That is what they are doing.
0	Fuck Comcast.  Worst company I have ever dealt with.
0	"Should ""of,"" huh? You, my illiterate friend, should HAVE stayed awake in English 101 more often."
0	I think it started 1 day after the first person switched from rabbit ears (remember those?) to cable.
0	"Seriously, everything is ""okay"" until it goes too far, it doesn't matter if they aren't corrupt now, you never know when someone evil will take the helm, that's the whole point of checks and balances in government, it's okay nothing we can do but be aware there will always be people who don't see the big picture."
0	Go back to r/apple you isheep jackass
1	Right, corporations will use auto-soldiers to kill people. That will happen all the time. Governments *NEVER* kill their own people. It's not *governments* like Syria or North Korea that would use things like this.
0	Surprised there's no confickr jokes here about the French navy being brought down for using Windows.
0	Never, ever, ever, come to South Korea. Your Seoul will wheep
0	makes me wonder if they've been letting nexus 5 stuff leak on purpose
0	Yeah there is. The magic is called making a profit. The government run program doesn't need to operate at a profit since its funded by taxpayer money.
0	It's almost like there's so many people who desperately want to apply that it's screwing up the website. A video game can't even release smoothly to a bunch of gamer nerds, how in the world is a website going to survive the kind of healthcare demand the US has? Hell, any site linked on reddit gets visited to death half the time, I'm not sure what people expected. The healthcare undertaking is enormous, and having it so centralized means it's going to be pounded hard for a good while.
1	I'd say that it's better than a diamond, but a PS4 won't last forever.
0	$100 million went to testing.
1	Yes, my admission that I'm keeping my own insurance rather than purchasing on the exchange obviously means that I carry an ideology about liberalism and big government.
0	Millibits per second?  That's incredibly slow.
1	The private sector handles launches like this without any issue, I don't understand why the government is having problems?  Launches for companies like blizzard, sony, rockstar go smoothly and without any issue what so ever.
0	I don't anymore. My TV remote is Bluetooth.
1	This news urges me to go to the cinema every day from now on!!
0	Apple doesn't need to officially do that. They can plant their own developers in there.
0	Bloody BPI blocked it here!
0	Okay but in THIS case, isohunt KNOWS that 99% of the points on their map are illegal.
0	No you wouldn't.
1	No, criminals are all going to go legit now of course.
0	Well not at the same time of course!
0	That maybe true for obscure titles, but when I want to download even a mildly popular movie, it takes a few seconds to find one of a few trusted torrent sites, and then my download speed usually maxes at 1.2 or higher and my movie is downloaded in 10 minutes or less. Not sure what you're complaining about with that experience
0	8.04 was the best.
1	Man, they were as bad as lucky goldstar.  Glad they are gone.
0	And you can change the menu style, as well as change the icons and things.
0	you just cant appreciate how easy and intuitive windows 8 really is.
0	It's not exactly free anymore since they've started tracking your local searches and sharing your data with third parties. There is no exchange of money but it comes at the cost of your personal information.
1	Nah, XP still got a few good years left in her.
1	Free? No way!
0	It discolors your screen.  Dimming your screen works better.
0	Better would be to disable it when certain apps are running, like boinc does.
0	As mentioned in the article, there will have to be a restricted airspace for 300 meters around any of these chargers.
0	A Windows phone, for really good offline navigation for when you travel to places that don't have coverage.
0	Embiggen is actually a real word.
0	Hmmm, CEO a Romney supporter?
0	I don't think you know what hacking or bitcoin are exactly.
0	Unfortunately, it's like kryptonite to a calibrated display. Those of use who do photo work just have to ride it out.
0	You can turn USB debugging on to root it, then turn USB debugging off. Some rooting methods don't even require USB debugging.
0	That would require the app to be running on the phone at all times to receive them.
0	The Internet and sarcasm don't mix very well unfortunately.
0	Now I know I made the right choice when I moved to Provo 12 years ago.
0	TAKE MY MONEY HBO
0	I tried Mediahint on Chrome, but it didn't seem to work at all. :(
0	Such odd verbiage ...
0	I watched it for the music. Anyone know the musical piece they used in the background?
0	I prefer E.  That is much cooler than all of the other Enterprises.
0	Weren't things like DirectX and OpenGL made so you wouldn't have to use specific APIs for each GPU?
0	I actually agree with you. Not enough info to stab anyone. Thanks for the perspective.
0	You're welcome.
1	He might have been fake sleeping and actually planting terrorist explosives near the bench in hopes to terrorize us with terroisty terror! You can never be too careful because of the children and 9/11. Also he's black.
0	This depends on the network covering the event. For instance Fox Sports Detroit always has the intermission content available on GCL.
0	It depends on what your previous setting was for whether they were allowed to share your likes.
0	... What the hell did they THINK was going to happen?
0	Mythbusters is on Netflix too
0	Mine crashes often in Apple's own apps (Safari, Photos, etc). I don't ever remember my iPhone 4 crashing.
0	Whoever wrote it and the target audience probably don't realize that FPS is set by the codec and encoding process and playback is no more than that.
0	Judging by the timestamps, spam.
0	Turns out it could be stopped?
0	Baidu is only a search engine. If saying baidu is a music pirate site, it's the same logic saying that google is a music pirate site.
0	I love how despite being generally invaded by mouth breathing undergrads over the years, reddit still has a relatively high concentration of people who are experts in their field.
1	This will be Linux's year
0	Please, these are the same people that outlawed talking about gays.  You cannot just tell them they're wrong, they have to come to that conclusion themsel.. yeah ok they'll never figure it out.
0	Battletoads
0	s/game/exclusive game/
1	yea ... total game changer
0	It will be called a Microsoft biscuit.
0	this in a thread about Linux and gaming is hilarious
0	I remember people were so pissed at the guy for this.
0	I call them Grelgabarks.
1	he bought a bmw with a gm transmission. does it sound like he knows about cars?
0	Indeed! :)
0	Would anyone else rather drive their own cars?  I find driving fun and exciting most of the time, since everyone else drives like fucking idiots, its like playing a game, where you avoid accidents because people don't give a fuck anymore.
0	Wow, i just imagine it would be clunky at 500 rpm at 20 mph (guesstimates) but theyve probably got it all worked out.
1	If you call you can probably pay to be unsearchable by name. This is obviously a way to get celebrities to cash out money to be protected.
0	It means they'll be more focused on technology aspects than mechanical ones.
0	But why can't some companies team up together? What if I wanted to drive, say, a Lexus or a Ford but with Google software that was co-created with the vehicle?
0	"I was trying to look for this chart earlier, but doing a GIS for ""internet penetration"" brought me some very different results."
0	You should set up a sessions at Google and NASA to tell all those dummies how stupid it was for them to choose to do their work on Macs.
0	Wow, people can see pictures of me? I'm so upset.
0	Why did you assume it was a guy?
0	"Whaddya make of that crazy looking ""helix"" thing Lenovo came out with? You seem like a clued in fella"
1	Red Bull has been having 'trouble' with their KERS the past few years. Amazing that they could win without a properly working KERS system, isn't it?
0	Well, the GUI can be changed with 3rd party programs, just like Linux can.
1	but teh google docs is all anyone ever needs!
0	If the student is of age, not in their classes (or in any situation where they have authority over them), and doesn't disrupt the school environment, then I don't see a problem with it.
0	If Microsoft were to try anything like that, the Department of Justice and EU Anti-Trust Commission would both go make withdrawls from Microsoft's bank accounts.
0	"Mine says ""no javascript""  :)"
0	I was downvoting him because he's an idiot.
0	What if the app itself was rogue? What if the enemy gave you an app which you thought came from your defense force? Like a modern day Trojan.
0	Is it just me or does that CEO guy in the pink shirt look like he genuinely has a heart of gold?
0	Local girls want to fuck you! Find out ~~who. At 11!~~ who, for only $11.99 a month!
0	I really like the concept of the Asus p1801, I bought one earlier this year and couldn't be happier. It had the power of a good mid range PC and yet is a tablet I can sit in the hammock and play, sit on the couch and surf etc. at the moment I wouldn't be surprised if multi access servers were where we're headed where everyone just accesses the powerful base hardware from their screen device (TV, tablet, phone etc.).
1	This is ridiculous. Unpaid interns should be put to work creating actual CONTENT for the PS4 to play.
0	It's not an if. Everyone already does that.
0	"Now they are the ""make shit up"" party."
1	You should be more grateful, someone DIED to bring you that fan!
0	I don't understand. How can something that neither requires the use of force nor the use of threats of force be forced?
1	meh they are like on the other side of the planet and have slanty eyes, I just cant wait to play FFXIV on ps4.
0	Keep in mind though, it needs to render frames for two eyes. You need to be able to do 1920x1080 at 120hz to run Oculus Rift at 60hz.
0	Internet in Utah and not a Google Fiber Story.
0	I'd been planning on buying a Panasonic ST60 as well, but hadn't yet made the purchase. Bought the TV this morning pretty much immediately after reading this, as I'm willing to bet that retailers are going to have much more trouble keeping them stock after this announcement.
0	Shit, then I really shouldn't tell you about how Jean Grey dies in a spaceship and becomes the Phoenix-- Fuckshitcuntnugget! I did it again!
0	These things have losing money for ages. They should have shut them down a long time ago.
1	Like the R290x started at $499?
0	As a profit making division.
0	I remember reading somewhere, a few months ago, that it is only the major cities which have high speed broadband, and most of the outlying cities, towns, villages, don't have anywhere near the same speeds.
1	Now this is a real fucking country with it's shit together. GO USA THE BEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD!
0	Don't worry, I'm sure the LNP has Australia's future competitive ability for one of the biggest growing sectors in the world in mind for this term. They're all about creating new business, right?
0	Australian here, I will just cry in the corner.
0	I don't listen to music much, so subscription service is wasting money. Seriously I might listen to one or two songs a month.
1	Yes, if only Samsung could be the world's only phone vendor. Without any distractions, they could be even more awesome
0	Source?
0	You can get the same level of savings with a simple programmable thermostat.
0	I like Comodo CIS. But it might be annoying on it's default settings, it's set pretty high and probably blocks a bit more than most users would need blocked.
0	civil disobedience. Thoreau would be proud.
0	Seal team will be with you in five minutes for violation of the thoughtcrime statute.
0	Cave Johnson, we're done here.
0	3+ hours I would think. Usually if you put special characters later in the sequence it takes longer. And of course making the password longer helps literally exponentially.
0	pretty much.
0	I'm pro nuclear, but this situation is fucked.  I can recognize both.
1	No sentient beings would be hurt either way
1	Just imagine how much worse it would be if they weren't suing and trying to through their fans in jail.
0	It seemed pretty clear even after a few days that the plants operators were way over their heads but only said things that made it sound like they had it under control (then a few hours later something would go wrong again). Is this a Japanese cultural thing? It seems to be incredibly counter productive and in the end just makes them look really stupid.
0	That might be a bad idea.  I have heard from people who deal with OS security that hackers have plenty of exploits ready to go and are waiting until after support expirest to unleash them.
0	I don't think he meant it as it not being an emergency to the planets health, just that it isn't something that happened unforeseeably and recent. They have been battling the same issue for 2 1/2 years, they should have their shit together even a little bit by now but they don't.
0	All I gleaned from that is that Thom wants some new way to distribute music, and when that comes along (i.e. Spotify), he gets on his soapbox and has a good whinge because it's not what he wanted.
0	Why would they be incapable of pulling you over?
1	Because state run prisons are for socialists! Everything must be a business!
1	But you see, if they take out *the supply* the consumers will magically stop demanding the product!
0	Yeah I'm sure NASA, an agency under the jurisdiction of the US government, would be legally and logistically able to switch over to foreign, private servers. This story is trash.
0	Ubuntu and open source is a miserable failure in the consumer market.
0	XBMC.  If you haven't tried it, you're missing out.
0	Except if they're old enough that the activation server is down.
0	It helps when the data supports you.
0	Buy the $1 house, tear it down, build a small fortress on it's land. Use it as a base of operations and take back the streets.
0	My biggest issue with Prius drivers isn't safty, it is specifically the turn off from I 78 west to 287 north in NJ. During rush hour the lane north bound gets backed up and takes about 30 min to go 2-3 miles. I have seem sooooo many prius drive down the west bound then cut through the median past 3 miles of grid lock, that it has made me hate Prius.
0	Considering the only place I've heard about it is on Reddit, I don't think this is a real concern.
1	Nice Tesla propaganda. It's not like Reddit is already madly in love with this company. I find all pro-Tesla stories like this quite believable.
0	Do you forget that basically any car could do this, then?
1	The children will choke on it. Think of the childrens.
0	I'm sure they're working on it; it's probably just more complicated than we think.
0	It's going to cost a bit more than $2 to implement a circuit with an acceptable life cycle (mtbf) in an automotive environment.
1	And by subsequently posting it to reddit, the new astroturfing hangout *par excellence*
1	"This is America: You're either right, or *you're wrong*; with us, or *against us*. We have none of this ""middle-of-the-road"" nonsense you speak of!"
0	That's not exactly how demand works. Demand is dependent on the price, not the other way around. Also, a supplier will not be willing to supply a higher quantity of goods for a lower price, past a certain point.
0	Elon is playing a similar role to Jim Koch played with Boston Beer.  He not only has to advocate for his brand, but for the whole category.  Right now anytime a problem happens he needs to defend the technology first, and the company second.
0	Or they want good hardware for their operating system. Which company doesn't?
1	Essential services
0	I guess I didn't.  I figured they kicked back a bit when those phones were sold, but I'd think all the other manufacturers would do the same.
0	translation: we're fucked.
0	A Virtual Boy,  a thing with red lights that make you dizzy
0	Claudia Black is on my Top 5 hottest women... and it's laminated.
1	But don't you know that you can trust Big Business?
0	that's a pretty cool system, seems like it lowers the barrier a little.
0	That's a really good point. I'm sure they have a plan for it if they're going to roll it out. They wouldn't want to dive into something where a guy swapped a battery and now he only gets 50 miles of driving. That would be bad for their image at this point, and they're gunning for a great reputation because they're such an underdog
0	How will we notice?
0	And then the federales couldn't even *prove* that they received it in the wrong order, since they might have just screwed up on their end.
1	Is that what they do on NCIS?
0	The government shutdown really didn't change anything in the short term regarding the markets. The markets have already been priced in for the last couple of weeks.
1	Sounds about right.  If you can't see an employee, their contribution can't have been that important.
0	switch to RCN.. it's the lesser of two evils.
0	Idk, what happened in 1996 when the government shut down under Clinton and the parks remained open?
1	I'm sure this is much less important than any US celebrity! It doesn't deserve a place on the news.
0	I'm not sure how you could glean such insight into my life from but a single anecdote, however you should be aware that the majority of the world lives in misery.  The position of privilege you enjoy is shared by but a fraction of the populations of the developed world, and barely a sliver of the rest.  Less judgement and more humility would serve you well.
0	I believe the branch of study would be 'economics.'
0	Got news for you son, this ain't a joke.
0	Ring ring ring ring ring, bananaphone~
0	If I had extra money I would :( Unfortunately any spare money is going towards my current medical bills =/
0	Or just a polite lie.
0	You're more than likely going to be disappointed by the unexciting answer of him simply entering into some deal with an informant that works in these circles and began having information collected on him from there.
1	They did an investigation and found evidence from a while ago. I don't see how catching  him using posts that were still available online is suspect. This is just random reddit speculation. Like all the boston bombers we helped catch. People on this site are really good detectives and now more about the legal system/legal investigations than most senior detectives and lawyers.
0	NSA got caught lying many times, we have the right to claim the worst shit about them now. They were put in place to protect people not to assfuck them globally.
0	More like amazon, no bidding, just buying.
1	Really, are you near Bakersfield, CA?
0	They have been the gold standard for years now.  Theres nowhere higher to go.
0	To be fair I hate Google too. Their search results have gotten progressively more terrible.
0	"Yes I know. I laughed when I heard them add that ""Feature"" Still nothing compels me to install it. I think I will skip Windows 8 entirely and wait to see what 9 will be like."
0	There's always another Dread Pirate Roberts.
1	Did you know the FAA tells people how to put on lifevests in the unlikely event of a water landing? When was the last time you saw THAT happen right??? STUPID IDIOTS!
0	it's a fruit like apple.
0	The difference isn't *that* much in real world situations. For iOS nowadays, 1GB is still enough. Even my iPod Touch gets by on 256MB of RAM.
1	But except not when Apple produces the fastest chip! I hear the A7 is all just marketing!
0	I have the Note 2, and i LOVE it. I can't even imagine how great the new one is.
0	I think the majority of people are more mad that education funding gets cut while politicians basically get some paid vacation time (though there are some who pledge to refuse/donate any earnings they will gain during that time).
1	Yep their only customer, they will surely declare bankruptcy soon.
0	Don't look at us to use your service the moment there is any alternative.
0	I upgraded a few office PCs to w7x64 only to find out that a core piece of proprietary software still had 16 bit components. So, they didn't say x64 for long.
0	touche
1	Don't you know, Virgin Galactic is gonna kill the airline industry overnight.
0	So they had 15.5 bn revenue in Ireland, and only 154m profit? Globally Google has 50bn revenue, and 10bn profit. Somehow Google Ireland is making less than 1/19th of profit they make elsewhere.
1	*taps fedora*
0	TIL that people that use IE don't have a sense of humour.
0	I wouldn't disagree with having a single human being making this decision. It would several lifetimes to determine if something violates copyright and content owners wouldn't have a choke hold on uploaded content. That's just the anti-greedy capitalist in me speaking out though.
1	"TIL the matrix was ""ruined"""
0	find the same article and discussion on r/compsci. more details to be had.
1	Oh, so you are saying that the difference is Musk *deserves* to have his ego blown? I am so surprised
1	Don't you get it? Bundling IE with Windows 95 was literally the holocaust.
0	uhh has this guy seen Terminator?
0	What's stopping you?
1	Aye aye, capt'n!
1	So many people use Flash SMS.
0	I'd say it's just like anything else from an intelligence stand point. It's useful in some circumstances, not useful in others. The right thing at the right place at the right time can change the world, after all.
0	How do you type bold on Google?
1	Government ordering private companies to censor what the government's favorite media lords don't want to be seen? I see no problem here folks.
0	not mutually exclusive either
1	Yeah facebook is a really humble company that totally respects you as a person.
0	I'm having a hard time believing this isn't some kind of PR stunt for *one* of the two sides (pro or anti-Glass).
0	Um, isn't your connection to netflix secured by some crypto?  Or is sony connecting to Netflix on your behalf?  And is that even allowed per the T&amp;S?
0	Exactly.  They're not really putting any effort into quality entertainment anyway, for the most part.  I honestly couldn't tell you when I last watched a movie, pirated or otherwise.  Even for free I don't consider them worthwhile.
0	You know 1 BTC is worth $1,200 right now right? I wouldn't call that baloney.
0	Being horribly unfunny somewhere else?
0	People make bit coins every day.   It is called 'mining' and it is how bitcoins are created
0	Yeah, but that gives no incentive, other than for cures and stuff. If there was an incentive, this distributed computing could become more widespread, and therefore helpful.
0	I just take the magnets out and play with them.
1	This guy should just pull a breaking bad and buy a gigantic magnet in order to get the drive without looking for it by hand.
0	I still don't get what the hell it mines. Some kind of algorithms, but what the hell is the purpose? Is there some secret underlying plot that creates a network of computers, essentially a international supercomputer, and tries to crack bank passwords? This makes no sense how killing your CPU will make you cash.
0	I'm glad s/he got it. I am now more confused.
0	From what I've seen, TPP goes FAR beyond SOPA. Among other things, it provides corporate mult-nationals with sovereign power over countries in which they do business. Citizens United re-affirmed the (perverted) notion of corporate personhood, while TPP ushers in the idea of corporate *nationhood*.
0	10 years my ass.  I would be surprised if most major cities weren't fully fiber by the next presidential election.
0	Yeah, and what's worse is people who sell on Mtgox can't get their money out, which causes them to buy again, driving the price higher and higher. It really is like a pyramid scheme.
0	Im sure he values your friendship
1	"Strange. One would have thought a company that put more effort into ""blingy"" heatsinks for memory than the actual memory itself would do well in the long run."
0	spin987 said he actually received it
1	Selling 56 BTC would probably cause the price to drop by $25 overall.  What a great currency.
0	Coinbase, the company youre talking about, is not an exchange.  Its a bitcoin reseller. Not the same thing at all.
1	So tax avoidance for the super rich?  Count me in!!
0	Neither of us is right. I wasn't trying to imply your wrong, but that the small experience you have doesn't necessarily hold truth for all smokers. Is that hard to understand? I don't know how to break it down and make it more simple.
0	I once paid 35 bitcoin for some crap I bought on the internet worth about $200 dollars.  Seemed like I was getting $200 dollars worth of stuff for free at the time.  Could have bought a fucking house now.
0	honestly I'd sell half now...get some decent cash out of it but still have some laying around in case of enormous spike
0	What definition of currency are you using that does not include Bitcoin?
1	But I can only sell 50 BTC per day there.  That's only $50,000 per day!
1	What exactly do you expect them to fix? The car is the safest car in the world. You don't see anyone complaining about gas cars catching fire. Why aren't car companies spending an extra 5k to plate the gas tank in steel?
0	Every competitor's product is a threat to Microsoft.
0	That's what US corporate media is all about, just doing their job for the people who run the government.
1	Yes. This all apart of the liberal medias agenda to take out Tesla because of the threat they pose
0	Not watching MSM for the past 10 years has been the best thing I ever did, and my life is better because of it.  I hated the news, it always felt like a bunch of bullshit, half truths and downright lies, then i learned I was completely correct, and it is only getting worse
0	The whole point is that it isn't just one loop. You could make it a GIF but you'd have to tune the loop times so their Lowest Common multiple was small enough to be a short GIF.
0	Just need Hoverzoom support.
0	Fuck they should have took him out back and shot him.
0	Wadsworth constant
0	Sorry. Is that you, Mr. Nader?
0	Even to a nonsmoker, nicotine is a great neurotropic drug that helps focus/ADHD by increasing dopamine levels in the brain. In fact, it's speculated that many kids start smoking to self-medicate for ADHD symptoms. There is no link whatsoever between nicotine and cancer, other than that cigarettes both contain it and cause cancer. The only real side effects are comparable to caffeine and include increased risk of heart disease.
1	Why would you want your boss to be able to read all of your personal communications?
1	Well, there go your Freedom of Speech rights on the internet. That really sucks for the UK, but remember America will always be there to rain some FREEDOM down upon your oppressors! WOOOO!
0	What a fucking surprise.
0	Can a newly independent scotland just invade the north of england so all the tory-voting daily mail scrotes can have their own country that ends somewhere north of watford?
1	"Your comments were blocked due to ""Extreme Views""."
1	And nobody saw this coming.
0	On the other hand, it is still a democracy and once independence is achieved they may lose their biggest flag to wave.
0	Once a year, the easter Texas leaves gigantic eggs in a oilfield that are filled with injustice for the children to find.
1	The same state that thinks evolution is witchcraft gives the win to a patent troll? No way! What a shocker!
0	I suspect that in these cases, anyone who has ever seen a computer would similarly be excluded.
0	I've opted out just because they're a shitty company to begin with. Everything I've ever bought by them has fallen apart.
1	I'm not worried about it. I have a Mac. They don't get viruses.
0	You mean free coasters?
0	I run 5.621 here (no particular reason for that installation - I've just never updated since) and it loads in about a second for me. Uses about 80k during playback, which is reasonable enough in my opinion, being about a fifth of what Firefox is using right now.
0	Yeah I went back and forth on getting a Smart TV but realized that my bluray player and consoles replicated almost all the additional functionality so why spend the extra money.  You can get a Roku for cheaper than the additional cost between the 'dumb' and Smart TV.  Granted it's another thing connected to the TV but the things are pretty freaking small and could probably even be wall mounted *behind* the set if you want a cleaner look.  Personally, I could care less, because my entertainment center looks like the freaking bat-cave with all the components LOL
0	But what about the used TV market? It's killing profits!
1	Now I'm curious as to what I'm conveying in a text with the occasional em dash!
0	it was anticlimactic
0	'kk' for 'okay' bothers me. it sounds dismissive like 'kay, kay.. sure'
0	Seems a bit high.  I think you'd be better off using a small SSD as a boot drive + storage spaces with a tiering enabled in Windows 8.1 instead.  Boot off the SSD, and enjoy a software driving hybrid drive for your data.
0	No, but I did negotiate a lower rate. Having a box running 24/7 would be terribly inefficient. I don't even want to pay for the electricity that a cable box uses.
1	"Wouldn't you just love to see Google go to court for the next 5 years due to them ""trespassing"" in one of the big ISPs areas?"
0	Who watches programming on their mobile device?
0	of fuck off Google... Unless you want to come to my city, in which case your awesome
0	"""It is proprietary. It is something I coded myself and there is nowhere for you to download it. Turning S3NoSQL into a commercial or open source project would be a mammoth undertaking;"" - so basically the OP is about bragging rights and mildly disguised plug for the author startup."
1	TV is so old we should just hate it amirite?
1	Exactly.  It's not like it would be possible to have a service with no adds that lets you watch high quality shows on demand for less than $10/mo.
0	This what i wish people would realize more when they freak out over a 30 second ad.  Someone has to pay the bills and id rather sponsors do it instead of me if they aren't over-the-top.
1	Drones.
0	"""Low price"" isn't going to fund stuff like Breaking Bad or The Walking Dead.  Hope you like reality TV and lousy sitcoms."
0	Radio doesn't help it self by playing the same shitty 90s music over and over and over and over, the stations the play newer stuff only play bad songs. I would be fine if it all went to talk radio.
0	I actually get free cable TV with my apartment rent and I absolutely never watch it. The commercials are so goddamn annoying. It's worth it to me to pay $30 for a Chromecast and $8/month for Netflix.
1	If TV is dying, then console gaming is dying, isn't it?
0	All the data you can use, at a slow speed so realy... its just as bad as a cap
0	As a Sprint user I can confirm those issues are location based, so in some places it's actually good.
0	It's not news anymore. It's advertising.
1	Jesus
0	seems excessive, but whatever floats your boat.
0	Interactivity isn't necessarily actions between two people. It can be between two objects.
0	DAT SPACE ELEVATOR, BABY!
0	A part of Turkey is in Europe.
0	I would say it's entirely decent, not just half decent. ; D
1	Wow man, you're so tough and brave. You called out a company for their unsuccessful products, but completely ignored their other hugely successful products. Reddit wishes it was as tough as you. Teach us your ways so we can all go like you and make this world a more stupid place
0	from what i've heard, you aussies would be lucky to be able to download a total 25 mb by the year 2021
1	But there's no consumer demand for gigabit internet.
0	Eliminate government backed regional monopolies.
0	"It's absolutely morally repulsive that companies now do this. We as people need to agitate and push back. If we just say.. ""ok boss"" they will continue to take more from us. Show them that you aren't cool with this. I for one plan on writing a letter to Macy's over their decision to stay open on Thanksgiving."
1	Well, we need SOME regulation on the internet
0	Pay your taxes... the NSF and NIH are the major sources of funding for tissue engineers.
0	In my 10 years exp in the field, I've never seen a 17-inch laptop turn out well.
0	Because if you want to make a product compliant to a standard you have to prove you own a copy as far as I know. So **for companies** this is not an option.
0	Keep crying, hypocrite. Also you should read up what a straw-man is, because you clearly have no idea.
0	I rent my books online and print the chapters I need.
0	iPhone 1.0 was as perfect as a product introduction can get. Very few products *create* a market overnight.
0	"All we had to see was ""breitbart"" in the URL to know it's a garbage link."
0	"""Man's family then saved by Tesla in freak tornado."""
0	Just Bing it!
1	Ahh, so there is our metric for good start.
0	But you can't beat the exhaust note of a Maserati.
0	That's really dumb lol. They're acting like gasoline cars don't explode.
1	Yeah.  Those things are only needed for game consoles that have voice recognition and gesture input.
0	I'm more of a Tandy guy
0	I can't do it, its just not possible, like pushing water uphill. I start interviewing them.
0	This is why you by iPads
0	This is why schools have computer labs, and not one in every single classroom.
1	TIL
0	typically Henry
0	More, cheaper condoms = fewer babies. More babies in low-middle class or below households = higher poverty level.
0	I'm not a physicist. However, I know there's a tradeoff between weight, mass and friction area. Lower weight and fewer wheels means less friction for stopping. So I'd like to know how this handles.
0	Dang dude, I just want to thank you so much. Absolutely LOVED winamp for many years. I remember discovering many of my now favorite bands by perusing around winamp's various internet features which at the time blew my mind.
0	dude thank you for all the plugins!
0	If it makes you feel any better, the product hasn't really improved or changed since you left.
0	I recommend Musicbee if you want to switch.
0	AIMP is good, but also closed source I believe
0	I'm just laughing at the people who bought in at $900 and immediately regretted it. Everyone knew it was a frenzy and it would stabilize that high. If it did drop to $50 I would buy in no problem.
0	You have a great imagination.
0	OK, now if Microsoft actually does make AR glasses at one point, and they do not publish an XB1/AR game where you set up Kinects all over your house, I will be very disappointed.
0	Back in my day, we actually launched rockets in science class. The model rockets, but they were still rockets! :P
0	well at least you'll have maternity insurance and hospice care for next year when you theoretically will be dying from old age and having a baby despite being a male. Good thing you're covered!
0	Where do you live?
1	Turns out the people who write laws aren't good at knowing how those laws will work in the real world.  It's almost like these people who go into government don't have any real world experience!  What gives?
0	The future is cumming.
1	Nokia is going to acquire Microsoft for a mere $7.2 billion? That's quite a bargain.
0	Even next year that would be a crazy sale to have on. I can maybe see $50 off or a free game bundled with it but shit, even the PS3 still sells at almost $300.
1	Imagine that?  What a fucking shock.
0	xhealth!
0	Holy Christ, look at all the bullshit being typed on this post. What did you expect? The law is crap and the website cost how much? Even reddit cost less to build.
0	I thought it was because the Federal Government had to cover 26 States that refused to set up their own exchange? They had a limited amount of time.
0	*Cough* Detroit *Cough*
0	I wanted to buy them years ago at $4, but i thought i was way overvalued .
1	Yep, we shouldn't strive to build anything new.   If the horse and buggy was good enough for great-great grand pappy it should be good enough for all of us.
1	We sort of can't afford it - but ya know if we just keep printing money we might get there soon.
0	We could do both, you know. We just choose not to.
0	Indiana Jones and the Coin Vault of Bit
0	but isn't every single bitcoin infinitely trackable? at least to the wallet? I thought each coin keeps a log of where it's been forever?
0	DDG doesn't have autocomplete suggestions in the searchbox, wasting me a valuable half second on searches. Plus, they don't have their own image search, just a wrapper for other image searches on other sites (which is legal somehow).
0	Do you withdraw bitcoins or CDN$?
0	It does crash. When it 200 for the first time it went down to 60 within two weeks. However, as you can probably tell, it rebounds quite well
0	But it could still be classified as property.
0	Which does not mean that any fraud or otherwise illegal activity has take place. It just means they haven't been audited. That does not mean they are missing 8.5 trillion dollars. Much less that there has been 8.5 trillion fraudulently lost. This is pure sensationalist bullshit. Reddit is apparently eating it up though. Bunch of children.
0	LOL! You have anything other than anecdotal evidence to back that up?
0	There was a trick I read a while ago that if you are looking to pirate something, you just have to look at the DMCA take down notices that google posts at the bottom of the page. Each will have a list of URLs that were in the take down request.
0	Nobody. But if you think about it, it's a good way to keep your hands clean of the entire thing.
1	Well why the hell didn't you stop the storm?
0	I'm dead. What difference does it make?
0	Smile at your webcam, the FBI is taking stills of you currently.
0	How does one differentiate between real growth and a bubble when it comes to Bitcoin? Massive worldwide adoption of Bitcoin would resemble a bubble, whether or not that is real growth or mere speculation however is the question.
0	Just wait 6 months and it'll be $200 on Newegg.
0	Same. On a 1.8 Ghz dual core laptop, it runs noticeably faster today than it did last year.
0	Price I suppose, still the K6000 had 12gb first.
0	I have that set and I never seems to do it.
1	All thanks to Bob and his tank!
0	Perhaps it's the whole hating of Google tieing everything together or wanting you to give them all of your information. I had Google+ prior but only used it when I was asked to check it out in its beta phase. Since then, I've never shared anything, added friends, or uploaded pics and it will remain that way. I have the other social networks for that and YouTube for itself. I think in my situation, too, that I was able to make a nick like here on reddit since I was able to sign in via my Gmail and create (or possibly change) the name of my YouTube persona/channel. I'm trying to think back as to how I did the name change, and I think it was something with me going through the profile settings and then changing it. I guess now, they probably make you use your real name **for the Google+** side, and then let you set a name for your YouTube channel, which, I think, will be the name everyone will see across YouTube besides your real name.
1	Or sign in with facebook or twitter.
0	If you use ad block you will have to pay for all the content you watch on your phone.
0	Translation:  no real unique skills but arrogant enough to think all her skills are unique.
1	Yeah, fuck youtube for providing a site where people can stream their content to the masses. What a bunch of assholes
0	It won't if you create g+ page and link it to your account instead of your profile.
0	There is no other site to go to. and I'm not going to stop viewing, as that is only going to harm content producers.
1	sounds like a win-win
0	PEBKAC
0	That's correct, they don't do anything like that.  Why would they do any of those things?
0	The end goal is money or power in everything.  Money is power metaphorically.
0	I like how you don't make any points with your post.
0	Depends on the bank and account balance.  Most only charge a fee if you have under a minimum balance.  At Chase it's 1,500$.  If you have over 1,500$ at the beginning of each month you are never charged a fee.
0	Why shouldnt kids learn about money and how to manage it? Valuable lesson to be learned about banks when half grandmother's money goes away.
0	Because the MPAA and RIAA have continuously charged random people who downloaded four songs and a movie a thousand billion dollars in damages. It's not something that USED to happen, it's happening.
1	I, for one, need the government to step in and protect my children from adult content because I can't be bothered to set forth rules in my household and monitor what they do online myself.
0	That's what happens when nearly all of the government attention is put on London and the surrounding areas.
0	Why? It's not like it takes up space that could have been used for other TLDs.
0	Did no one else actually read the article? It goes over the reasoning for that. The idea is that for it to be perjury, WB would have to represent themselves as the copywrite owner, which they didn't (still acted as WB).
0	And we all know that's really panned out for them, long term.
0	Forced to life in prison and being forced to watch Miley Cyrus
0	SO why is less voltage good?
0	Do people not like Google play? I don't understand.
0	Now I'll have an excuse to update my aging gaming rig. I'm running 4 2GB DDR2 800 modules
1	This must be that fancy new super fast ram in those New consoles that makes the graphics so good, Glad PC can finally catch up!
0	I don't want to do Tsugaru at 2x speed. Jackhammers with my feet? No thaaaanks D:
0	Not really. They still have to load off the ramdisk area of ram, through the cpu, then back to the unused portion of memory. Games are not optimized for ramdisks.
0	Local or Server map?
0	No, the only time an average user will notice the difference is if they are using integrated graphics/AMD APU.
0	As puns go this was actually pretty original and not part of a stupid infinite pun thread.
0	The only way they could make this better is if they start offering free electricity.
0	I agree... But solar won't replace coal... and I think you know that. It doesn't have enough capacity to replace it. If we want to get rid of coal, we need nuclear.
0	Yet we all own brickable phones and computers and don't complain. (hint: we should complain)
0	"Then don't fucking buy one. There are a ridiculous amount of other vehicles you could buy. I know this same kind of ""vote with your wallet line"" gets throne around a lot. But this isn't some cheap product. It's a 15,000 dollar vehicle."
1	whew, it's a good thing the chairman of the FCC is a cable industry lobbyist.
0	Only if I could root it to get rid of the inevitable bloatware. My toaster does not need a Facebook app that I can't get rid of.
1	Well gee.. If only Renault didn't have the monopoly on cars. Now I am stuck with a vehicle that I don't actually own and there is absolutely no alternative!
0	Next time someone tells you that ask him why they don't stop you from reading or sleeping during takeoff and landing then.
0	It's a rental / lease. So you definitely don't own it in any way shape or form, so why would you expect to be allowed try to fix it?
1	"Yes. They would abbreviate ""Canadian"" instead of ""Canada"". Makes absolute perfect sense."
0	"said the guy that created an alt account just to ""troll"" me."
1	so piss yourself and roll over to master. Sounds very American alright
0	Yup! They have special teams of people in body armor and armored cars to do it, too.
0	Yeah but I do not think the Feds can punish MS or Google for the actions of one employee.
1	They already don't pay taxes here. Isn't that enough?
1	Thanks for answers my question!
1	TIL game of thrones is on Netflix AND it's free.
0	I think you may have limited understanding of what these phones are capable of, probably lack of exposure to Android platform?
0	It says make available, it doesn't say you can't charge for it. It just means you have to license out the content.
0	Seems like it. This isn't counting the 22,000+ businesses using coinbase and bitpay online.
0	Ever increasing price for cable packages and shittier channel lineups. It's getting killed off either intentionally or not. Sometimes I wonder if they are holding on for dear life or it's intentional and that they are doing it as a precursor to finally rolling out the next generation of TV services.
0	Where did you go to business school...Donald Trump's school of business?
0	Careful reddit, don't jizz all over yourself with this one.
0	Not only that, but without ESPN a lot of the niche channels wouldn't exist.
0	I watch them online. Sure the quality isn't as good but it's better than buying a service that might only work a quarter of the time
1	Yay for politicians fighting for our freedom to sit on our asses without oppression!!
0	I want a new car for $50. Companies should be giving me that.
0	America, your country is so fucked, and all you do is take it up the ass.  Over, and over and over again.
0	Not touch only but all future computers will have touch and/or gesture controls. It's a very natural interface.
0	My best friend from 3rd grade told me his dad was going to buy him a hydrogen beamer when he turned 16. He recently got his first car. It's an 80's Toyota pickup with a number that's secured with rope.
1	Yeah, how dare you find out what our songs say.
0	"Good lord, that is absolutely insane.  I believe Steam uses a P2P connection as well, so it's pretty much ""no games for you"" there."
0	Didn't Honda do this ages ago? It was even featured on top gear.
1	Profit is evil.....  People should just do things because they need done not to better themselves
0	"I saw something about a trailer hitch or something and this model had variable suspension which was set on ""low"" for sport mode or something. Either way, there does seem to be an issue with having energy storage in the floor pan as it is big and thus vulnerable."
0	Costs just a bit too much. The new british nuclear sUbmarines have stuff that can purify seawater aswell as get oxygen out of the seawater (or thats what they claim atleast)
1	Let's pursue an energy policy on the assumptions that oil will only become cheaper and solar only become more expensive!
0	"So that's a ""no"" for my greywater bidet then?"
0	I'm hoping that the hypervaluation of social media is a bubble that will pop eventually.
1	Yea, like for real.  Obama has to step up his HTML skills.
1	Wow extending copyright from 50 to 70 years for sound recordings should increase the motivation to create and release it by a whopping 40%. Imagine all the new music that will be created because of this! Because that is the intention and how it should work AFAIK.
0	Woah woah woah.... So you're saying that given reasonably priced option people choose the legal means over torrenting? CRAZY TALK!
0	LOIC has memes and video game pictures on it... The button to activate says 'imma chargin mah lazers'
0	There's nothing wrong with the old comments system, I just want all the stupid posters to die.
0	I like this, the only problem is that the YouTube Center app doesn't work. It allows you to change things like how the videos are loaded (like them being able to fully load when paused) and if it starts playing automatically (which it shouldn't considering when the video plays, you have to send and receive data for Google, something they're collecting).
0	"What ever happened to ""do no evil"" and being the minimalist?"
1	I mean these people paid good money for YouTube and now it's ruined.
0	Or you could let people sell their organs instead of donating then.
0	but.. we have facebook!
0	And all old people have none of these problems? What you're describing has nothing to do with age, it has to do with what kind of person you are.
0	After seeing what youtube has become, I'll do everything I possibly can to stay as far as possible from google.
0	I saved up my allowance to buy Super Mario 3 for $80 when I was 12.
0	I like the Debian/Ubuntu package base, but the rest of their software not so much.
1	You just don't get the *culture*, maaaan...
0	"I would much rather see improvements on things like color quality, viewing angle, or glare, rather than ""MOAR PIXELS!!"""
0	You mean it doesn't? Damn you Jenny McCarthy!
0	NK uses linux for everything anyway.
1	Right, because there aren't millions of people creating free content on the internet every day without any monetary incentive at all.
0	Don't shit where you eat.
0	Depends on if their accounting is actually correct or if they don't shift a few zeros here and a few zeros there and bam! They suddenly donated 5 billion to orphans on Ghana and will be taking a nice tax break. Meanwhile Xbox brand cereal which is taxed at half the rate of xbox games just earned a record breaking 200 billion dollars!
0	The principles and theorems with examples and solutions are unhelpful? That reminds me of my high school daughter who will complain to me that this geometry problem is too hard when it's identical to the problem I just showed her how to do, only with different numbers.
0	Why not just not scroll down then?
0	So much anger.
0	YouTube asked me if I wanted to use my real name about twice, I declined both times. That was the end of it. The rest of you must be unlucky.
0	It's for those of us who still use manual cranks on our internet pumps out back.
1	Even less people are aware of how great the comments have become lately!
0	without a youtube buffer browser extension youtube is mostly useless for me now.
1	Its the best thing for you.
0	I don't like being ignorant. Where can I learn what qualifies a person to be a CEO and what they do for a company?
0	Good. Just use torrents.
0	Thanks, Matt (or is it 29003?).
1	I don't know-- last time Facebook changed their terms of service they lost half of their userbase.
0	Who didn't think Youtube comments were some of the worst on the web? Any change to better that cess pool seems good to me.
1	Maybe he made some bad decisions, but you have to admit that he made the decisions!
0	It's so damn annoying. Each time I log on to YouTube now it links with Google+ and asks how my name should appear and shit like that.
0	You require more vespian gas.
0	Wasn't hard (literally first thing I clicked on), just look under Heavy Metal.
0	Good to know I wasn't the only one who got that message.
0	eehhyy Ford Pinto!
0	The guy said in one of his videos that you can use the printer with larger volumes of liquid/build volume, as long as the laser beam stays coherent enough.
0	As you may have read in the other comments, the original article is incorrect in using the word *carving*. So I will give you points for being consistent with the author on that one, but you are both wrong.
0	The are just finishing transitioning from a Internet company to a normal everyday scumbag company.  The engineers don't run it anymore, the bean-counters do.
1	However, due to the strain caused by controlling both arms, two monkeys need to mind meld and need to be drift compatible or else they will die.
0	Yes, it is true, and I am wanting to do this. Regarding a HDD, 64GB MicroSD cards exist, and many phones come with 32 or 64 GB of internal storage. Also, cloud services such as Dropbox exist, so your data is accessible from anywhere from any device.
1	Because every patent Microsoft owns are listed there, including the ones they bought. Absolutely. And you can clearly see right there which of the thousands they are claiming Android infringes. Brilliant!
0	in China we put up with way less American corporate bullshit
1	OMG NOOOoooooo....... I never saw this coming. WTF!!!
0	Yeah, which is slower when transferring large files. I don't want to use USB or WiFi for that.
0	I saw a promo for this, but I couldn't find it again. gonna call them today and look into it, thanks.
0	Sheldon is not going to like this.
0	Just take the management lobotomy, you'll be fine...........
0	Link is down.  Cached version, anyone?
0	"Given that ""Niger"" is capitalised, I think that the ""Niger"" in question is the country, not the mould."
1	No no no.  It's cool though.  He deserves that salary along with his fat bonuses due to his talent.
0	Like the other guy said, at that point taxi and car rentals would cheapen. You don't have to pay drivers. And they would always drive the most efficient routes. Public transportation would be transformed.
0	I'm sure self driving cars would put a lot of police/highway patrol out of a job.
0	Tell me about your nipples.
1	Yeah, I trust all the intelligent and responsible drivers you see on a highway *waaay* more.
0	Imagine how nice it would be to ride amongst a sea of cars that weren't going out of their way to kill you at every turn.
0	It's the comment of someone who should stop driving then if they hate it so much.  There are buses, taxis, new homes, new jobs, feet, and bikes.
0	"Agreed, I'm just trying to figure out what's being meant by ""calculations"" here."
0	I will buy one as long as it is optional.  I refuse to give up my right to drive.
0	upboated fer dem perspicacities
0	I mean im all about criticizing people, but outside of personal issues of communication so far the man has really had some great companies.
0	The article's content is irrelevant in this case -- ANYTIME you're forced to pay for something without consent it is theft.
0	"""Free."""
0	that's called a defective transistor
0	Somebody needs to find a moron in a hurry to explain to AOL's Assistant General Counsel Jeff Grossman how the Creative Commons CC-BY attribution license works.
1	It shows that they are civilized.
1	If there's anything internet technology had provided us, it's more centralized broadcasting with less flexibility is the way we consume media.  It's not like anyone has discovered a way to download ad-free content or created a browser plugin to block ads or anything.
0	To be more accurate, they successfully launched a spacecraft headed toward mars, it remains to be seen if it will make it all the way successfully.  They do appear to be off to a good start.  Typically, the launch itself is the most dangerous phase of the mission.
1	For all the people from UK complaining about the aid we give them... who knows how much gold the Indians might find in space. They could pay us back *ten fold!*
0	Unlike the U.S., they aren't forced to outsource everything by the technologically retarded dinosaurs masquerading as politicians that hold the purse-strings.
1	That was hilarious, are you a comedian or something? Seriously, that 'not' at the end of your sentence might be the pinnacle of comedy!
0	The only way to encrypt without making them unusable is to ask you for your decryption password every time.
1	So, negative labeling? seems legit
0	Isn't that sort of the definition of a living thing? A tightly controlled provisioning system
0	I don't believe that's how it's counted, source?
0	No, it doesn't. What you're talking about is the normal way court appointments are made by presidents. Hence all five conservatives on the Supreme Court being appointed by Republicans and all four liberals being appointed by Democrats.
0	Can we make internet a utility and take all of this rubbish to rest?
1	"Well, their model is ""Don't be evil"". So they wouldn't do that... right? right?"
1	im sure you can afford your guns tho right?
0	Isn't that what they said last time?
0	Not really, you can build yourself a printer with 100-200 bucks.
0	This costs $10 because the majority of the cost of medical prosthetics is in development, not assembly.
1	Oh c'mon, a 3d-printed hand is surely as good and as safe as an FDA approved medical device.  When my heart valve needs to be replaced I'll show those money-grubbing biomedical companies and 3d-print my own valve!
1	Yeah, loads of self thought CAD users become fantastic structural and product engineers.
0	WE DID IT!!!!!!
0	Rather amusingly, most organisations implicated in attempting to attack or sabotage nuclear plants are self-described environmentalists.
0	Curious, what location do you work at?
0	it's a phrase from board gaming that I've kinda fallen in love with (except when I'm caught doing it)
0	Yeah you can't expect it all to be a funhouse, this is one of the biggest companies in America, they don't get that way from playing dodgeball and driving around in golf caddies all day :P
1	I know rite, evil scroogle, exacting patent royalties, suing competitors.
0	What part of A/B testing button color sounds fun?
0	"see silkroad.  if the guy who started it left before he went into ""attract Federal attention"" money, he'd be happy and rich.  as it is, he's going to be in jail."
0	The people? No I can't blame them, they are fed lies. But I feel like you aren't talking about them.
0	Those Anon Guy Fawkes masks might be handy here.
0	I feel like the only person on Reddit that had absolutely no problem with this.. Now I get to wait for everyone to finish up with their devices before they let me the fuck off the plane. Nothing worse than being on the ground with the door open but stuck behind a bunch of stragglers.
0	And that's exactly what's different about the hyperloop.  Even though it's incredibly fast, it shouldn't cause sonic booms.
0	I...what? You really..? Huh...I really can't fuckin' make any sense of that statement, guys. Sorry, I'll try better next time.
1	Exactly, it's only all their future target market who have moved to online purchases, no biggie.
0	their employees are actually trained to do that.  They hide the stuff thats already matched in price, and since BBY eliminated commissions, the employees have no incentives to actually help anyone anymore.
0	CompUSA wasn't exactly a small chain.  It was a national chain.  I miss CompUSA.
0	Good point, thanks for the correction.
0	"Goddammit, CNN, it's ""Baba O'Riley""."
1	They actually have a leftie version on the kickstarter page. Only $49 and you get it, 6 months later in April.
0	sourcing ftw
0	When your ipad screen cracks, or the battery fails. Just throw that thing out and buy a brand new one. It's the apple way.
0	DVD's use archaic, computationally simple video compression techniques. Using modern compression algorithms we can get higher quality standard definition video than you get on a DVD in much less bandwidth.
0	So, how credit card companies do it then?
0	I'm not sure I trust entering my acct info to a 3rd party website
0	Ah ok thank you. I was confused. Digitiser + glass makes for an expensive repair. I thought it was a case of the lcd had to come off with the glass
0	Do they realize the movie is a total satire of the book?
0	Virtually none.
0	It does cost that much. $175 a month for me - second tier cable plan with the second tier Internet plan. It's ludicrous. As soon as the kids go to college we're ditching it. They watch MTV, A&amp;E etc. we watch hgtv occasionally. Anything else is Netflix or hulu
1	Yeah....great idea...until we run out of air
0	Me too. Almost by some sort of magic.
0	"I know this might be kinda wrong, but since he's dead anyway, why not turn him into a good guy. every time someone says that apple did something wrong, say that jobs wouldn't have let it happen. maybe the apple users can get the company to do things differently because "" steve jobs made my favorite brand and he never would have done this"""
0	If it's unlimited why do you need to root the hotspot?
0	Million. Pffft
1	Think of how much this is contributing to GDP!!
0	Well 1 mbps is more of a bummer than 20 mbps. You can't deny that. And in my area, the slower speed is more expensive.
0	Hey it worked out for every other population control mechanism ever devised before, so why not this time? :) Good luck! I will take life for what it is.
0	"Okay, I understand that this Rockstar company wants to put pressure on manufacturers of android smartphones in order to decrease their market share.  That I understand, but when I hear all these phrases like ""launching an assault on android"" it has me really confused.  How do they intend to stop android itself?  It is free.  I could build my own version if I wanted to.  My phone and tablet are both running android and neither one is running software made by google (I suppose the software is based on stuff that google built, but google didn't release it or have anything to do with the actual versions I am using).  Isn't this akin to going to war with Linux or GIMP or VLC or something.  It is open source stuff.  You can't litigate android away.  Anyone can go out and build it themselves, the source code is free for whoever wants it."
0	Ya, I was just being a goof ball.
1	obviously he was just as wise back then as he is now
1	But... corporations *are* people!
0	I'm not entirely sure if this is correct, but I've noticed on some sites that when you select for example button with tab, it won't light up like it usually would when the mouse hovered on it.
0	My lumia takes great pictures at night and low light.  The flash works great on it.  I've owned a few low end Canon's in the $100 to $150 range  that can't top the lumia.
0	it also means less food in the world to be consumed.
0	maybe the camera companies should stop being stupid and start getting into the phone business. I mean.. these things arnt even phones for fuck sake any more.. wish we'd find a cooler name for them.
0	What else should I be watching besides Game of Thrones?
1	Oh but I once told my friend to torrent it too, I am spreading awareness of this hugely popular show.
0	"To be fair, they probably would have charge the standard ""fuck you anyway, Australia"" tax, and pissed me off that way."
0	Every business that makes money from copyrights older than 56 years.
1	It's art man. It should be free to the world, or some bullshit.
0	Season 4 being the 2nd half of book 3 yeah, season 5 and 6 will be boring as hell. A Feast For Crows was boring with boring characters, and book 5 is still pretty boring.
0	Why is treated ecigs like regular cigarettes deplorable?
0	Or I can stick with halogen and replace them with LEDa s they burn out.
0	Amazing criminals. This is truly the coolest way to steal money from a bank, for sure.
1	**SOMETHING BETTER THAT NO ONE HERE CAN ADEQUATELY SUGGEST!**
0	But the both use the same toolbox of stuff. I know because even 10 years ago when my father was a detective, they used the same tools and cooperated quite a lot. The NSA hands stuff to the police of the FBI or Secret Service cant/wont take it for various reasons.
0	Genius.
0	"Show what you have, then. Show these people who are ""quitting books"", instead of insulting me for pointing out basic problems with the best currently available data."
0	It means your SD cards are not dumb storage devices, but computers that can execute any code they are told to. That includes forwarding your photos to who knows, or identifying your physical location as you upload them.
0	"If they sold it separately they'd get a bunch of calls to support from people complaining that ""the U tablet won't connect to the Wii!"""
0	The American *government* does it; the American *people* suffer.
1	Isn't it obvious? Sheesh!
0	Yesss! My feet have to be charged at night and it is really annoying to remember to plug them in. Especially annoying to find two plugs when traveling (I am a double amputee). Wireless charging would be fantastic!!!!
1	For all we know, Reddit could be giving us cancer!
0	See? Space-star ordering works!
0	Finally Csi won't be total bull shit.
0	Bitcoin has no backing. It's a fiat currency at best. It's just one we're pretty sure there will never be more than 22M of.
0	Why care about terrorism when your own government is the real foe of freedom?
1	That's it. I am never going to buy any more tech products manufactured in the US.
0	I believe the first person to receive a 3D printed organ was a kidney and was discussed in a TED Talk somewhere.
0	Just because your product is crap does not mean people are calling it crap to spite you.  Sometimes it just really is crap.
0	Likewise their belief is irrelevant. They have no right to whine like they're being screwed purely because some entertainment is unavailable to them. By all means download it or whatever but don't whine like a bitch and act like you had no choice.
0	Why the down votes? Are there actually people smart enough to reddit but dumb enough to consider Faux News an acceptable source?
0	And it looks worse than a dog's arse.
0	Just buy a case with a battery in it.
0	This is a problem not everybody has.
0	Not everyone goes home every day.
0	How old are you? Honestly I'm already starting to view teens as aliens and I'm far younger than I care to say.
0	Shittier.
1	How are your grandchildren doing?
1	Hut, hur, stupid nerds acctually think people are going to want computers in their houses too. Yea, just what we all need bulky calculators on a useless network.
0	But if we make them here, we get the jobs and the taxes.
0	Literally all of Google's money comes from Ads. That is what they do. They can use these side free things to drive people online to their services where they will see ads. This isn't some cryptic genetics thing. It's simple. If Ads start to drop like a rock, it's not like all they sudden Google will make all their money by charging people to watch YouTube (they tried that, it didn't work) or charging people for Gmail (They already raised the price for their apps suite, it dint going well).
1	And where would the economy be if they did?
0	us?
1	Yes, because what's on your desktop = what's on everyone else's desktop.
0	"But you still need their credit card number for ""verification"" right."
0	Well, the open wifis in San Jose tend to be stuff like Starbucks, etc., but they're incredibly slow. There's supposed to be fast public wifi all over but it only works one place that I know of, which is the bus bench *outside* Diridon Station. And who wants to lug a laptop everywhere? I don't have a car so I can't just keep it in my car and take it out when I'm somewhere good.
0	The Series Vikings on Prime Instant Video, is pretty good watch. Good for the break while their is re-runs on TV.
0	No one is being forced onto the Internet. Big difference between using social media and being persecuted for thought crimes.
0	Still, it took me nearly 10 years to get around to paying some speeding/unlicensed/unregistered fines. I even managed to rack up more fines in that time. In the end it was around $6000 worth of fines outstanding. These are classed as 'outstanding warrants', but I was never in any fear that I would be sent to jail for not paying them for so long. I'd be fucked if I lived in the US.
1	Yea I'm sure there is no one trained in stats on that team and they are just making shit up.
0	Did it go back up?  Last I saw it rose then took about a $500 correction.
1	Yea I can't wait for the State to disintegrate so I can go into the warlording business.
0	This is spam.  Reported as such.
0	What about how Boston is becoming the robotics center of the country now?  As a New Yorker who's both into the technology and entertainment industries... I'm always reminded about how the east coast is/has been a barren, cold, overpriced waste land when it came to opportunity in these fields.  Thanks to iRobot and now a number of start up companies, we are seeing consumer, industrial, military upcoming products/technologies from this corner of the US...something we haven't seen since Grumman turned Long Island into a delusionally overpriced Detroit after it's fallout.  I'm someone who was invited to be a Google Glass beta tester and yes, it's exciting and something that could blow up once out of beta...but there's current and future products being made right now in Boston of all places.
0	It came out before 2013
1	Yeah! And coal plants don't need air filtration, textile plants can't be stopped from dumping their wastes in the river, noise ordinances are unconstitutional and I can throw parties with concerts in my back yard until 5 AM. Who the fuck are you to regulate how I wanna live my life? If you want to breathe, drink, and sleep, you should stop stepping on **my** freedom and buy some damn noise cancelling ear protection, high quality filter masks, and a distillery and filtration system for your water, you freeloading **lib**.
0	The fire department by me uses the AR Drone 2.0 sometimes to get a better view of things... $300 and streams live vid to your smart phone/tablet
0	That's sustainable when 10% or 20% of the people are unemployable. Not so when it's the other way around - once only the top 10%-20% are capable of meaningful employment, you can bet your ass the rest of humanity won't tolerate being left to starve just because there's no work for them to do.
0	Dimming incandescent bulbs makes them last longer.
0	DRM isn't punishment. I don't know why everyone on the internet has such a fucking problem with DRM. It's like renting a building and having to sign in with an electronic keypad. It's for security of the building, not the person, but it's not a punishment.
1	I'm sure none of the rate increases have ANYTHING to do with the content providers raising their fees.
1	Carrier pricing policies have always been so consumer favorable. I remember in the US when a tyrannical Apple forced AT&amp;T to include unlimited data with the iPhone... Thank god that's over with.
0	Windows phone 9 will introduce a new feature allowing you to piss on the phone to charge it.   Which is especially convenient when you are already using it in the bathroom.
1	No. Way.
0	Some tablets are.... unfriendly to adblock.
0	Just thought I would point out that pornography has been shown to be problematic for the young mind (distorted views of women and their bodies).  Also, normal development of sexuality does not include watching pornography.
0	How, exactly, to you think google suggest works?
1	Exactly, r/technology has been known for its high submission standards.
0	"As someone who has been downloading mp3s since 1996, it's really not that difficult.  Especially when your mentality is ""I like this song, let me go and download every album I can find by this artist.  By the time I graduated from college, I had 2 80GB HDDs filled with music.  And that was back when 80GB hard drives were pretty much the biggest/most expensive thing out there"
0	Perhaps it's because it sounds like a hashtag.
0	Sad thing is when I travel I get 4G in many cities, but not at home.  The only time my phone is usable for anything but texts or calls is when I hit wifi.  People complain about Verizon but after you've been with Sprint's atrocious service VZW is a paradise.  At least you can use the network you pay for!
0	Snitches get stitches. Better clap up, pal.
0	Now I can really mean it when I say my battery is taking a piss.
0	Those are no professional GPUs. Professional ones can cost several $1000s
0	They listed each of their components with a price and a store link. You should try add the prices up.
1	"Like a big screen TV or 24"" rims for my civic?"
0	They gave copyright owners their own back end access that they abused.
0	They already have, anyone who was convicted of the crime had their conviction overturned. The issue is this was not extended to people who were already dead.
0	"""The database show we have 1301 idle knights! Let's kill this dragon already!! What? They're all dead? Oh dingleberries!"""
0	Also, let him know that it is okay, and if you walk in on him, try not to turn it into a fight after.
0	But it's not.
0	It's not just criticism of an advertisement either, it's about a culture obsessed with technology, social media, and capturing video of events rather than experiencing them. It's without a doubt a discussion worth having.
0	If it ever reaches a usable state and it gains commercial backing, I feel like Microsoft will shut it down.
0	But I want it to be harder.
0	Firewall admin here. It's always the firewall. I tell people it's not, but I'm lying. Tcp/1688 for windows auth to the key server. It makes me sad I know that off the top of my head.
0	How else is going to do nothing while at work? He's an IT guy, they're lucky he leaves the bathroom.
0	Did he really have to go back to XP or did he only decide to learn up to XP and never bothered to figure out anything beyond that?
1	Fuck 'em, they've been *warned*.
0	win8 is mostly the same as 7 for most uses, fyi
1	Because the retail store I used to work for totally had an IT Dept
0	Why not convert to 8? More expensive, but ends up lasting longer anyways.
1	Yeah, the higher ups listen to the IT department all of the time!
0	Technological Darwinism.
0	That's such a lame excuse. Do you use that to justify pirating music? Just buy the music or use something supported by billion dollar companies that like pumping meaningless and irrelevant ads into your brain every ten minutes to allow you to enjoy art that you love on their exploitation dollars.
1	Because it's so easy for government agencies to get funded for massive upgrades these days
0	Just make sure the audio track is synced. If its not you'll enrage the hive and your upload will only be downloaded by half the probable user base which will cost you another 60k.
1	This is reddit. 'Murica or GTFO.
0	That's not what the article said at all, and the question is then why investors have that perception. Investors aren't stupid.
0	Digging into that, it says that in the US, copying for non-commercial, personal use is allowed. All the infringement cases I've heard of in the US have been directed at uploaders of material, has anyone been prosecuted for downloading?
0	The problem becomes ensuring that the other side actually concedes defeat when the results of the simulation come in.  It would be just as sensible to settle it with a game chess, a footrace, or a coin toss, but it only works if all parties can be trusted to abide by the terms after they lose.  If they lose the situation and say 'screw you, we aren't surrendering' then you're you're right back to needing a real war to enforce compliance.  We'll never be able to replace war because war is the ultimate resort used to enforce compliance with other systems.  All the laws and treaties and agreements in the world amount to nothing if there's no way to enforce them.
1	Why don't you just move?
0	In one of the cities around me, it was smokers who pushed for the smoking ban rules to also apply to ecigs.  Most of us could care less.
1	But...But..., think of the about the environment dude. Don't listen big energy propaganda dude. Wind and solar will take us to utopia and solve the problem of global warming.
0	Will you wire it for low voltage?  That would cut the costs of inverters as well as increasing efficiency.
0	So why don't they just pay less for the power they get?
0	How do you have all this? I mined a bunch and currently have like 80 :(
0	How'd it do versus D.A.R.Y.L.?
0	The hate boner for Tesla is unreal.
0	That, but also many cities and towns have signed exclusive agreements with cable providers, without stipulating any sort of regulation on the part of the cable companies.
0	Lulz. Reddit Sync on my phone is set to check for unread messages every 1h, I'm not staring at my inbox. You surely love to make bold assumptions.
1	This is great! Now Verizon and AT&amp;T just have to skyrocket their ETF fees - T-Mo will scrap the plan nearly instantaneously but the newly high as **** ETFs will magically stay. Hooray for corporations!
0	I'm counting down the days until I'm off my T-Mobile contract.
0	Its possible, but not realistic. It honestly makes more logical sense that they're fudging these numbers than pretty drastically overpaying people.
0	If I can transfer my Galaxy Note III to them, I will do this.
0	And they've been doing it for a really long time. I had a blackberry pearl that did this operation. I had to have had that phone in like... 2006 or 2007.
0	What about for condemned prisoners?
0	They're going to do it even if they don't get permission.
0	"I am sure that ""other"" aspect of this ""filtering"" works just fine.  The one they friends from NSA helped with."
0	What's your point?
1	Yeah - why couldn't they do what the last labour government did and put a law in place that lets the courts order sites to be completely blocked when a company spends enough money on a legal team. Like the pirate bay block that is not optional, costs taxpayers money through court time and is open to abuse by companies. That's a much better system than an optional filter that you don't have to have.
0	It is a sidechannel attack, and what they did was to listen to the sounds from the voltage regulator as the CPU switched between doing computations that required different amounts of power, figuring out what data it might have been processing over time based on statistics as it repeated the computations on different data.
0	So I need to find hackers **and** the people they're working for? Looks like I'll have to wear my steel toes.
1	Wow, I can't believe nobody has ever thought of that witty joke before.
0	Ok maybe because I don't have this much money I'm thinking this the same way, but if you have THAT much money available, do you really need to dodge taxes?
0	I live in ghetto ass North Long Beach, i have to sign a slip if i buy a dollar burger.
0	Never been worth zero!
0	It was there it was just all obscured.  There's still no user-accesable command line but it's there, if you jailbreak it you can get at it.
1	But oil is only used to power cars and the Tesla is the future.
0	How is the government creating jobs?
1	Because the car dealerships lobbied for this.  And payed off the politicians so they could reduce competition.  But I think the government should have more power to stop this abuse of power by government.
1	No!  We need government to do venture capital investments, then bitch about why so much money is in politics.
1	I love when the government picks winners and losers!!  They are almost always right!
0	Eh, it's hard to cite an example because the government eventually gets it's hand on something due to lobbying by special interests. Which is what I hate about the US government, so I don't really see a point in defending my statement.
0	Short answer: no. You're thinking of Illinois.
0	anybody know an affordable electric car that doesn't look like a space ship?
1	Because reddit is one person, and vote counts are a reliable measure.
0	There are plenty of places in California that are not expensive. Practically anywhere more the 10-20 miles inland, and outside of the Bay Area is dirt cheap.
1	Well then you don't fit the Reddit mold, you right wing pig capitalist.
1	But apples can't get viruses! Only dirty PCs get those. That's what the commercial said.
0	Well he did say exposing them to the hardcore stuff isn't a good idea. Them seeing nekkid people won't do them any harm though.
0	While I agree with you on what you say, I think OP was more saying that if he has consensual sex with a 14 or 15 year old, in the eyes of the law, that's wrong and if it gets found out that try wee dong that by the law they're both in the shit.
1	I was being *totally* serious.
0	I certainly would!
1	Yeah let's have a protest in the streets. If 2 billion of us walked on the streets shouting slogans the people in the military and governments would suddenly de-psychopath their brains and care.  That's something that always gets people to listen and causes change. Placards.
1	Could I interest you in a Xbox One ^with ^added ^kinect ?
1	Splendid, Cameron, old chap.
0	He's a troll.
1	BUT THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!! NOW CHILD PORN DOES NOT EXIST! WELL WORTH IT!
0	what exactly was done with the card number?  insight into this might help track what they were actually after.  Did they just charge money, or did they try and make purchases?  at least you can simply cancel the card and get a new one and make it stop.
1	That's fine, because without porn people won't be having sex anymore.
0	In Germany 24 months is only if you can prove that the failure was the manufacturers fault. Apple could just as well turn you down, because it's basically impossible to prove. Therefore these premiums don't really reflect any 24 month warranty, but just pricing to what maximizes the profit in a certain market.
0	When the government has created monopolies and effectively made competition impossible as well as supported the creation of cartels through regulations, you're not looking at the byproducts of capitalism.
0	He could live in certain areas of new jersey post hurricane sandy.
0	Bookmarks make it a non-issue.
0	thepiratebay2013.XX
1	but no one wants to carpool with the homeless
0	"As usual, I read a headline, think ""That sounds like it isn't true,"" then I head to the comments and I was right. Thanks."
1	I'd rather slowly devour my own limbs and then roll myself into a vat of acid then look at reddit without RES for one second.
0	Hover free was made when something like this happened like a year ago, it should be safe. It's not in the Chrome store anymore as the developer has stopped maintaining it, but he recommends using Imagus if you lose the hoverfree extension.
0	Also, they only got speeds up to 20 bits per second.  Not bytes, kilobytes or megabytes, bits.
0	They may be lots of things but in my opinion iPhones are not badly built. Questionable design, but my 4 has been submerged in water, come off the roof of the car a few times, regularly been dropped, and all I have is a thin speck rubber case and its fine. With the right tools they are simple to open and dismantle, the battery being the easiest thing to replace, and I can buy knock off batteries that seem to me to work fine for three dollars postage included.
0	Don't forget to lawyer up and hit the gym.
0	Poor. 2 mp rear camera, 0.3 front.
0	The display on the OP tablet is 75% larger, and I wasn't thinking too hard earlier when I forgot to point out that we're talking about a tablet, not a phone. Those are two different devices with different expectations.
0	Great if you don't have a smartphone. Pretty much useless if you do.
0	My galaxy s has these specs. It runs kit kat, can play hd movies (its pointless but whatever), the ui is smooth and not really noticeably slower (for browsing or whatever) than this quad core Huawei Ascend Mate I got last week. I'd say it loads applications slower and is prone to running out of ram, but I wouldn't even consider buying a new phone right now if I wasn't switching providers.
0	That makes them more like Xerox Parc than Bell Labs.  Xerox would have been the most powerful company in the world if they just released all their innovations instead of letting others take them.
0	Better gas milage than my cars, cheaper to maintain, and easier to work on by yourself.
0	Not sure.
0	We all do it, though. You are doing it right now with liberal arts majors. Everyone stereotypes. Some types of people just don't get along. There's nothing really wrong with that.
0	Oh, I'm aware!  I think the only things that *might* be crazier than Can-Am cars were Group B rally cars and late 1980s Formula 1 cars.
0	I guess so.. But what I meant to say is your average joe millionaire would lease rather than own and pay property tax on it.
0	BT stands for *British* Telecom. This is not about America.
0	Eminent domain costs money. You have to pay fair market value.
0	That's an exception for user added root CAs. The hypothetical Comcast CA would not work even if it was a trusted CA so long as it wasn't manually added to the list of CAs like adding a company CA for Websense.
0	There's just enough room for them all.
0	Couldn't they make it recharge wirelessly?  Sell a pad with it that would recharge it?  That seems like the obvious solution to me.
0	Yeesh...  Are you implying that an end-user could be boondoggled into signing away rights to sue *in any country but that of the contract-writer's choosing??*  And the only thing that could stop it is some international accord that doesn't yet exist?  You do realize how abusable this is, right?
0	It was flagged under p2p traffic, so that set off a few of our processes, until we dug a little deeper and knew to ignore it.
0	Because they are old, therefore used old tech in their batteries. Plus, they used the cheapest components they could get their hands on. That combination never bodes well for longevity. Tesla's using battery tech that extensive testing had proven will last that long. People much smarter than us and getting paid way more money than us made sure of it. If they have the evidence to back up what they're saying, I see no reason to doubt that a battery like that could last more than 10 years before you see a significant loss of capacity.
0	I don't like a lot of what apple does, but the monitor is *clearly* overstepping.
0	I know it isn't illegal. I was talking from the perspective of the cable companies.
1	What could possibly go wrong.
0	Which is why they're being upfront about it and offering something in return.
0	Upvoted: your comment is clearly a cry out for help in this big, bad world.
0	And profile. Still gotta have one.
1	That's not their problem.
1	Yes, that's what I meant.
0	Nothing I post on facebook is private. That's not the point of facebook.
0	What is the Tor Browser?
1	Don't be stupid, how could a woman be shitty?
0	You would quite possibly want to grandfather in now.
0	Any explanation for your sudden outburst? Also it's funny to be proud of being born somewhere.
0	Is it sad that I'm hoping this triggers a second Cold War?
0	I am ashamed that my first thought was of war and competition, while you actually figured out how they can work together in collaboration. More people should be like you, kudos :)
1	YOLO
0	Luckily, gravity is so weak they can't. They'll probably do some experiment where they churn tons of moon dust really high, just because.
0	That's the great thing about it. We've had plenty of time to figure out loopholes in the laws that they can be fixed.
1	But all of those poor workers won't get to learn Windows 8.
0	SyFy is a blasted wasteland of crappy B-level sci fi movies and who knows what other atrocities.
1	Turning up the brightness of your screen to that of a thousand suns should be banned too, as should phones that vibrate so violently that it makes loud audible noises. Speaking of annoying things, kids, fat people, talkative people, and people who never put down their window shades should also be banned. As should anyone who doesn't pass out as soon as the plane takes off.
0	I for one welcome our superior robot overlord oppressors.
1	And what, left with the material for themselves? Ancient aliens confirmed?
0	Yet that still doesn't make it a unit.  My original statement was actually somewhat incorrect.  Intel's processors are actually not CPUs, they're accelerated processing units.  Still, there's no GPU.
0	God damn, I can even hear his whiny voice.
0	It amazes me that EA was actually voted worst company in America, when Comcast still exists.
0	This seems redundant.             Good show.
0	Land of the free (but no free lunch)
0	You do it for her and make some money.
1	Wake me up when they are affordable, average amount an american household makes is 50k, cars are like 30 a pop. i wonder why everyone's not driving them
0	o.o
1	They should also ban talking to the person next to you as well.
0	I still want to know how do we kick the ass of the marketing asshole or MBA at Google who made permissions a take-it-or-leave-it model in the first place! That turned me off apps on Android completely!
0	Oh come on now. This has long since been little more than a piece of fluffy feel good PR. I can't believe how all of reddit sees corps as being evil and Google always gets a free pass.
0	"Oh, I bet they understand it well enough. It's just that you can't make money on protecting children, but you can on suing people and introducing hidden ""piracy taxes"", like one included in price of EVERY BLANK CD/DVD/BD."
0	The rise of artificial intelligence has started.
0	RAM manufacturers *HATE* them!
0	I think these pirate sites do provide a real service albeit unintentional. It forces the entertainment industry (kicking and screaming) to adopt new technology and the required new distribution methods, pricing, marketing, etc. Without piracy I doubt we would have iTunes, Netflicks, Steam and whatever else will be coming down the road. Despite being a Netflicks user and having AMC and HBO on cable I still frequently turned to the Pirates Bay to watch Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones. You would expect an illicit service to be cheaper but something is wrong when people are turning to it because its better / more efficient.
0	It's simple really. Apple can NEVER be anything but first, if they ever fall to second it'll be right before they exit the mobile phone market. That makes this a completely worthless metric.
1	But I'M not the center so clearly its decentralized.
0	Yes my point was that when fabs that make ARM chips can do 14nm what will the power usage be for those ARM chips vs these 14nm x86 chips.
0	Blip bleep bloop
0	Thank god I convinced my wife to move to gmail. Her email was down all the time a few months ago. She would have been right in the middle of this.
0	"He did, he said ""_I_ don't wanna see ads..."""
0	He's sitting there breaking laws...... No we shouldn't give him a break. For crying out loud some of you are complete hypocrites.
0	And what about when ARM is being built with a 14nm process?
1	No, it's the bad men wanting to know who you are.
0	A Linux distro by Valve (modified Ubuntu) which boots into Steam
0	They probably thought he was an Australian.
0	Thanks for the inside scoop Valve developer......oh wait
0	Is not a super hero robot if it looks like its wearing a diaper.
0	Very good point. Didn't think about the value of the established user base.
0	Winter is coming
0	Seems like an unnecessary adjective. A fad is a fad.
0	My friend outside Kansas City got a letter last week offering him 250 mbps for 70 USD from Comcast with a 300 GB cap. The trick (other than the cap) was it had a 2 year contract.
1	A pirate country!  Arrest it and charge it with *stealing*.
0	RIP Norwegian authors
0	No but its certainly not a damage.
1	But cheap feeling flimsy plastic
0	You didn't think WP could handle YouTube, Pandora, reddit, web browsing and emulators?
0	Can confirm, dropped my Lumia 520 on concrete and ran over it with my bike (I'm about 230lb) and it still worked.
1	Yes but that wouldn't fit my astroturfing agenda
0	Someone should put a compressed version of the pirate bay database on the pirate bay... After a few years the recursion would just be mind boggling.
0	The question is, why the fuck should anyone bother using it?
0	nnnnnnno
1	..but Google are the good guys!
0	Am I the only one wondering when Redbull started writing articles?
0	Same way I heard about how awesome pot is.
0	What's the difference between torrents and magnets?
0	What is it, a hex representation of the IP address? I didn't know you could do that.
0	That would be a computer.
0	If it's a quiet subreddit with very few submissions, then yes of course there are going to be old posts. Otherwise 'hot' would only show like 5 posts.
0	I think he means matter least in real life because they are people who spend all day on Reddit.
1	It's not a bug, it's a *feature*.
0	Truth. Also, it's 11pm and we trust our iPhones not to autoplay anything. DISAPPOINTED!!
1	**YOU ABANDONED THOSE THINGS?! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!**
0	Remember, if it would take five people colluding and keeping quiet about it, it's both impossible and laughable!
0	Hell, we are just migrating to Win7 from XP.
0	I'd bang her, but she's dumb as bricks to buy an unprofitable image hosting site.
1	Did you guys hear the pikachu sound, freaked me out!
0	I don't have cable. I didn't hear about the mutant bunnies. Are we doomed?
1	But there's a simpler explanation for this! Samsung's lawyers are fiendishly clever! They not only created job security for themselves, they even helped their fellow lawyers on the other side of the inevitable lawsuit(s) by *cough* fanning the flames. There's no such thing as bad press, right?
0	There are some posts with the facts, but they have like 10 upvotes usually and are hard to find.  I saw the original thread like 2 days ago and so far from what I've learned is that his S4 got burned charging overnight and instead of just giving it to Samsung to inspect and replace he creates a Youtube video bashing Samsung and showing his burned S4 charger port.  So now Samsung asks him to remove the video so they can inspect the device and figure out what happened, but instead Reddit blows it up into Samsung trying to silence and gag the guy from talking about his S4.  If you watch the video the guy is so unprofessional and can't even properly upload the contract, he makes a facebook post.  This whole thing is so childish and unprofessional, but since it's anti-Samsung everyone reads the title and starts  to comment without looking at anything.  Hope this helps.
1	APPLE DOESNT LOOK SO BAD NOW HUH BOYS?!
0	No.
0	"I don't know about the first link being broken but that ""piece of paper"" is the settlement proposal Samsung sent him telling him to take down the first video and keep quiet."
0	AWESOME! Take some gold for being a good dude.
0	They'd be delivering empty game console boxes.
0	"I think you have to quantify the ""threats"". If we are talking about 911's every decade or so then fine, I agree with you. If you are talking about nuclear or biological threats, then you have to restructure the argument because I don't believe a healthy democracy can exist under some of those threats."
0	It sounds like base android needs a bloody light switch!
0	What happens when they just look like regular glasses? How do you enforce this? Eventually, you won't be able to tell glass apart from regular glasses... Or hell, even contacts at some point
1	That argument ad hominem really helps you win this discussion
1	Yeah, that'll pay for server costs in no time!
0	True, but it's more fun that way
0	And don't forget that they basically fudge benchmark tests.
0	I already own sunglasses that are are perfectly safe to wear while driving. Why should a lawmaker tell me that I can't drive with them?
0	"I hope you called them ""buenos notches"""
0	Tarnation.
0	How about using the internet?
0	Or you know we could just send robots which would save tons of money and reduce the complexity tremendously.
0	Mine even downloaded all the mods. Everyone is wearing bikini armor now. And you can smoke weed in the game too.
0	Tough titties.
1	Because, as we know, the average Android user is more intelligent!
0	surely there will be a way to un-brick their systems right? I'm assuming if all else fails they will have to send it back to microsoft to reload all of the software correctly.
0	It's as much the moto X as a Intel celeron is an i7.
0	That thing must smell terrible.
1	Because that's what the iPhone 5 needed: Being longer.
0	You're right, someone mentioned that a human would cool off in a few minutes in space. But the suits don't need to be terribly insulated. A layer to reflect most of the heat back at you would certainly suffice, which is almost assuredly less than what climbers of Everest would have to wear because they aren't wearing suits to insulate against convection and conduction.
0	"Any manned mission is going to need to use the resources on Mars to survive unless it's a ""footprints and flags"" mission. We would never have explored the New World if we had to bring all our food, fuel, and other resources from Europe."
1	I was just saying it because apparently it might turn into a rocket-engine and start something on fire
0	Do not look at the operational end of the device, do not touch the operational end of the device, and do not submerge the device in water, even partially.
0	Is the VASMIR basically a rail gun that fires a continuous stream of plasma?
0	"If the dollar played swing low sweet chariot to the tune of 40%+ overnight, I'm pretty sure that wouldn't be a ""good"" sign."
0	Well, bye.
0	Something that was found, could sign software, and basically allow an easy back door. Upon discovery, they denied it was bad, and just brushed it under the rug. Most likely every big software company has had a huge gag order to not even discus what the NSA was doing with their software or anything, but now that it's starting to flood into the streets, they are trying to cover their own asses.
0	Yeah, but the US very often gets on its high horse even if doing the same things.
0	They haven't launched it yet
0	Ah. An assertion. Good. Now I'm completely convinced. Thanks.
0	You sound like a tool
0	Lots of people are using sub ohm resistance coils on them as well. Pretty much stressing them to the max.
0	No, the article is so messed up that it would give that impression.  It is definitely talking about grid-tied commercial installations.
0	Just like you're wasting your money.  Good luck with your Mario coins.
0	Its the same as trading stock or exchanging any other currency
1	"And here comes the government to ""protect"" us from the big bad bitcoin."
0	That's ok. We'll ask you again later
0	Ask YouTube if it would be worth the effort.
0	Because fuck you. Why should a website get shut down because a tiny percent of its users post CP, get banned, and then get reported to the police? By that rationale you should be surprised Google Picasa hasn't been shut down.
0	The oculus integration is new but  3d apartments in unity have been a thing for a while. New York companies get all the press.
0	Privacy is a myth.
0	It's like Jeopardy!
1	"no way! ""I am running to tell the lobbyists in Washington that their days of setting the agenda are over. They have not funded my campaign. They won't work in my White House."""
0	Windows 8 has better multi-core performance and supports newer graphics capabilities.
0	If you read r/technology 14 months ago, the latter. If you lived in the real world for the last 14 months, the former.
1	Yeah, what good can possibly come from new technology?
0	That's completely unreasonable and ridiculous. The entire population is not expected to visit a public area on any day.
0	I don't think anyone is complaining about lowers not being detectable - no one's going to sneak an AR through a metal detector. The issue is that 3d printing would make them untraceable, with much less effort than milling your own.
0	I put coins down the drain
0	Yup.. I've got a VPN on an Amazon EC2 instance and I get HD in Netflix in about 10 seconds and it stays solid the entire time.
1	It's okay. The mp3 player's pvp flag wasn't enabled.
1	Oh well, if that's how it works for you, then that's how it must be.
0	Shouldn't this be a civil case, anyways?  The police should have told the school to sue him for the money.
1	If you're rich enough to have a place to live for more than a year, than I'm sure you can upgrade your USB devices
0	Yeah it was an interesting leap from passive cables to active cables. But if it means full 16 pin usage in future implementations then I think it was worthwhile.
0	interesting.  The only A&amp;W near me is merged with a long john silver.  It is a dirty filthy palce that never gets cleaned.
0	Yeah, I figured, I really do hope SteamOS kicks off, itll be a good alternative to consoles.
0	"face covers ? - just tell your friend to put a ""scary movie"" mask on his face while approaching the drone - you are really lacking imagination aren't you?"
0	My English major career path just took a major blow.
1	Soon YouTube will cease to have comments and the site will be bearable.
1	If they are iPads I will never go back! They are so overrated and cost too much!
0	Google ended support for ie8 and below. They support the three latest browsers like any company trying to remain sane while dealing with ie
0	Because I totally want to transmit my card info over whatever badly-secured network the restaurant is using.
0	No they're going to have drones deliver them.
0	Yeah, you have AdBlock turned on. It blocks the Google+ integration popups.
0	Did I miss something?
0	The article reads as if this is a BAD thing.....
0	If 99% of the country can't afford a Tesla then current dealers will be fine and will have time to adapt.
0	Well the Motor City did benefit from shutting down rail lines and other public transport so I don't know if it is worrying from their POV.  Protecting and preserving your client base can be a better investment than an innovation at times.  Ask Digg.  Their innovations cost them their client base and ruined the company.
0	That's odd, Elon Musk is one of the filthy capitalists exploiting the workers in Fremont at his car factory.  He's not even attempting to hide the fact that he's looking to revitalize the car industry, which, directly or indirectly, is going to increase pollution in America.
1	We meant *real* Americans
0	Clearly, considering it's not a real iPhone.
0	Watched it for 5 minutes expecting someone to google donkey porn at least once.
0	Who the hell uses a non-log graph to show computing power? My stats prof would have given this guy an F.
0	I omitted that intentionally so that one side wouldn't hurl words towards the other since both sides have had a few problems anyways.
0	Halo 3 was pretty dang fun.
0	Doom and gloom for the company that makes record profits every quarter.
1	Too many peasants here.
0	Best to get that experience on a track.
0	Tesla has zero deaths so far.
0	I'm just happy to participate with my Nexus 4 :)
0	"Who says they'll even be voted out? Clearly the electorate doesn't give a shit about any of this so why expect them to change their minds? Especially if they simply look at the economy and go ""Ooh I guess Harper fixed it! Let's give him another round!""."
0	Low enough to land I suppose.
1	Google fiber was supposed to be a thing in 2012. Look how far we have come.
0	The printing industry has pretty much stopped contracting here. I'm not sure about other markets though.
0	That's nothing, UPS will test the durability of what I order by tossing it to my porch. Ball's in your court China-SF.
0	Drone is a bad word in the US.  Seriously it's worse than fuck, or muslim.  Public outcry from the idiots will probably stop Amazon's plans that were posted a couple days ago.
1	Yeah it was great in Halo2
0	I figured a deadman switched parachute for the drone itself would be a solid solution for fault tolerance.
0	"I was just speaking about this with my model girlfriend (well, she only models part-time, she's actually a neurosurgeon), and we agreed that if people feel the need to make their lives ""more interesting"" by using social networks that's up to them. I mean, we were on holiday on this exclusive island off the coast of Spain the other week, we took a couple pictures of us with some of the Hollywood stars we met there (it was pretty cool to talk shop with DiNero as I'm a bit of an amateur actor myself) but it's no big deal and just because we post those pictures on facebook doesn't mean we're trying to show all our friends (my girlfriend has over 18k on facebook and I'm not doing too bad at 6k) how much more interesting and fulfilling our lives are. Sure we might take an expensive vacation everyone in a while, but we also do loads of charity work, which is really more fulfilling than lying around on a pristine beach with Jennifer Lawrence sipping wine-coolers, but sometimes you got to get away from everything. Also I just bought a new lambroghini, so I'll post some of those pictures on facebook later and tweet my 13k twitter followers to check out those pics. I don't need to do all that to make my life more interesting...^^^love ^^^me!"
1	One step closer to never having to see another human being. The future is here.
0	Maybe the drones could bring him Solo.
0	Link?
0	Why did I expect your username to be LexLuther?
0	Well, you could also order some antidote or nice burn cream if you happen to get almost murdered by a child out in the woods. The future is gonna be simultaneously awesome and post-apocalyptic terror reality game show.
0	This is literally what we're doing with the future. I hate all of us.
0	But like he mentioned making sure it doesn't hit things seems like a large problem for the form factor they are working with.
1	Lol no one can edit titles on Reddit of links they post
0	Or you could just disable the option to let non-intrusive ads through. Shit, I think that might even be default.
0	I'm an online advertiser, and I will literally NEVER honor do not track.  Keep dreaming.
1	Yeah, disabling cookies and scripts is the only real way to be magically anonymous.
0	maybe i should have spelled it yai since that's what i was going for
1	Yeah ever since the pirate bay was blocked here, I couldnt download a single torrent at all.
1	I guess all 5m citizens of Norway will really make a dent in that global warming with their electric cars!
0	It's great that people want to stop using so much oil, but if this becomes widespread, the price of electricity will skyrocket.  And I'm curious what Norway uses to generate its electricity, because coal isn't any better for the environment from what I'm told.
1	"""I have not ead a book since junior high. Lol, I am so good. College will be easy."""
0	For a short period during California's electricity deregulation, you could purchase your electricity from an individual supplier. We got a door to door salesman signing up people for 100% green electricity.
1	Didn't know the Chinese were now considered sand people
0	Does kurzweil even have a tangible result of his own making?
0	Could also be someone worse. :D Probably will be.
1	Why innovate when you can legislate?
0	Actually competition doesn't work very well when it comes to natural monopolies like utilities.  It's actually best to have a monopoly (that is actually regulated) or even government owned utility.  It's actually cheaper.  Astronomically high fixed costs make it nearly impossible for a marketplace with healthy competition to actually work.
1	Competition, such a silly outdated concept. We don't want capitalism, we want socialism! State run economies, only with state, we mean corporations and with economy we actually mean just give them all your damn money, preferably for little or no service at all.
0	So what were the strings? How much does Nokia make off these new companies and ideas?
0	No, but obviously some people with no ethics would have found the opportunity in this for free money. I'd love to see some of the failed technology companies. Infact I love how the examples cited were about application developers being called technology companies. Sure, it's about getting money from a corporation but those not unethical enough missed out on such opportunities and could have used a cash severance instead.
0	Terrible article.
1	Obviously, they sell like hot cakes
0	I find Writer's formating to be a lot more straightforward than Word's (and be a better word editor overall). But then again, I'm used to CSS logic.
0	"I'll cancel immediately, their switch to using the ""UPS delivers to the Postal Service who then delivers the package"" system has gotten me significantly crappier service."
1	Well there were so many chances for random people to step up to the control panels that it's a wonder we are still alive
0	Lol kthxbye
1	Yes, ONLY government can solve this problem.
0	"Patenting something makes it ineligible for ""trade secret"" status. A patent is supposed to be on an implementation, not an idea - all this is is a poorly defined idea."
1	But its unfair for the politician's wallets!
0	Notably (I'm assuming) the phonebloks idea.
0	Holy shit. You're an idiot.
0	Because they include a bunch of services that others, Godaddy and soforth, charge extra for; mostly the whois anonymization and stuff.
0	With blackjack. And hookers!
0	In theory yes, but books have been getting re-sold for decades. No second-hand bookshops near you?
0	I pay 70 for unlimited everything on T-Mobile on a prepaid plan and 50 cent tax with my nexus 5. I guess your plan includes cost of your phone.
0	Yes. I have all my CC info memorized thanks to online purchasing. Granted, when I get a new card number, it will take a while before I get that new info down and stop putting in the old number.
1	But they have the cheapest domains!
0	Uninformed? That's not fair. Tmobile is pretty shitty in my area. I tried them for a month and it was just not possible to use as my primary provider.
0	can't you just use a vpn to defeat this?
0	So, if you're the spouse of a Motorola employee, the time to take advantage of those awesome Google death benefits is winding down.
0	"I didn't think it was particularly educated.  There are several ways to arrive at a ""fair market value"" by taking account a company's assets, profits, ect besides looking at the highest price someone will pay for it. Snapchat's 3 billion dollar valuation is almost certainly an overvaluation based on the company's past history and future prospects."
0	"Alright.. well thats basically what I said. So remove the ""Apple found out"" part and it's the same thing."
0	they are selling it without its patents, which is what makes Motorola valuable.
0	Haswell Processors and complete control on hardware and software.
1	"But you clicked ""I agree"", therefore it is not stalking."
0	How is it I've been online this long and never seen this?
0	Not even a potato in Latvian store.
0	They have around $6 billion in the bank so technically they could lose over a billion a year...of course this would be terrible, but they could survive 5 years losing that much money.
0	Who in their right mind wouldn't sell their twitter account for fuckin 50k!
0	Whereas, bank CEOs would be given enormous bonuses.
1	Clearly, you must be a creepy pedophile.
0	Before the dark times. Before the Empire.
0	Yeah, they were the first sponsor of diggnation iirc. Kevin said they wouldn't have been able to do the show without godaddy's help. They were really great back then.
0	They still can't turn a profit. And that's basically all you need to know about making an investment decision that hinges on their longevity.
0	He gave him the password to the GoDaddy account.
1	Have any money under your bed you aren't using? Maybe in your bank. If you aren't going to use it then you should just give it to somebody else because it's highly coveted. And really, if it got stolen from you then you had it coming anyways.
0	Being snowed in the house seems like the time when you'd want an Internet connection the most.......I know you weren't making that play on words, I just thought it was an oddly relevant thought.
0	Ok Mr. Rossi.
0	An excellent place to start.
1	But all the banks do it because the internet said so! Why don't they get arrested? BTC is love. BTC is life.
0	As long as the bootloaders are unlocked.
1	"God, I love the way people mention this extension every time ""the cloud"" comes up"
0	You do realize that the other part of that story is how no one else actually submitted a working exploit, right? They are usually very clear about what they are going to pay for what... as the article says, the individual limits are quite a bit lower so they can pay out more people in case there are multiple exploits.
0	Meanwhile, my single-core iPod Touch is showing its age.
0	I had a facebook for about 2 weeks in 2004.  I dumped it when it was rumored they were going to sell out to Yahoo and nobody knew what was going to become of your personal info.
0	They should have called it the rogers drive.
1	This is it guys the year of the Linux desktop!
0	Yes, but as you may know, scientific research is closely guarded. Most findings are not open-source.
0	5 second TTP.  That's right up there with Spore.
0	Don't forget the mods!  The ENB I have on there make the paddles look photo-realistic.  Plus all the characters now have boobs.
1	Turn air pollution into water pollution, yeah that'll work.
0	Why wouldn't you? I don't understand how this article would make you not want one.
0	Purchase all competitors even before they become competition. The Monsanto way.
0	Umm... that's still manual?
0	This is a sad thing for everybody regardless of culture. The human race experienced this failure not just China.
0	Because it's the last Microsoft OS people will ever use?
0	Where's that Godwin's Law bot when we need him?
0	Showing of your network prowess and then having no IPv6 eh? That's hardly elite.
0	Yes there is. You can choose to buy a phone without that app. If someone offers to sell you something you don't like, you have the option to *not buy that product*, instead of getting the government to force them to make the product you want.
1	Yes, the problem of companies deciding how to design their own products. Such a travesty that I'm forced to buy something and have it not be *exactly* how I want it to be
0	It's also complete shit and the OS itself is so far locked down it's far worse than some bloatware.
0	Pirate bay usually has a lot more, although for movies I use yify torrents, but for music and anime I find pirate bay is the easiest.
0	I think you meant to address the comment above me.
1	They have too much money to be a terrorist organization.
0	connoisseurs
1	What's a phone book? Is it a book that describes how phones work?
0	Why not? It isn't hard if you live on a hill. Re;ease the brakes and start rolling!
1	Because China can't make anything good hurrr durrr
0	I would have said electrics, I didn't. I said new mode of transportation. I did that specifically because My first sentence spoke on outdated technology and I didn't want anyone to misinterpret my statement to mean batteries are new.
0	it just means that AT&amp;T does not have a lot of users in your area, because once you hit the DSLAM, you all share a connection too, and AT&amp;T has issues with Uverse elsewhere being far to oversold.
1	I thought only the government could encourage innovation
0	I had that coming, didn't i?
1	Yeah because we all know that Apple does not want to make money. Only those other capitalistic companies. Apple only wants the benefit of the people. so true. Apple is also not the company with the highest profit margins.
0	Is your username a reference to Kill la Kill?
0	This actually sounds more like an onion article than an actual headline.
0	Subsistence farming.
1	Poor government
0	I bought a domain just two weeks ago solely for the purpose of being my permanent email address. The last Google+ invasion into gmail was the final straw for me to start my migration away.
0	TV is bigger and the couch is more comfortable.
0	Can confirm as someone who recently graduated in software engineering. 40$/h for internship position is not unheard of.
1	No no. We're complaining about Samsung in this thread. Not LG.
0	The South Korean government continues to atone for allowing Psy to produce music.
0	The iPhone 5 is fine. If you want to keep all your apps, it'll be fine.
1	Google+ anyone?
1	That's what I call a good naming convention
0	that would work too unless the server was forcing the browser to download the file instead of playing it, or the file is in a wrapper format. So this is how you can force the browser to play a file no matter what.
1	just install adblocker
0	I fail to understand what that has to do with trademark.
0	Because so many people use Blackberry devices.
0	Until you realize that you're holding some else's gold or silver ass pennies.
0	"Uh-oh now reddit has to recalibrate its contrarian ""bacteria is good for you"" stance."
0	How is this any different than the many, many other HIV vaccines currently in human trials?
0	"I would love to see these guys just talk to the people at ""shark tank"" and explain this to them"
0	And where would people move to? Google+? I don't think so.
0	every two years, you mean?
1	Lotus Notes!
0	Eh, just get 64 gigs of RAM, dotes the tits.
0	Other post wasn't up voted enough to show up on my phone.
0	I have no clue about the telecom situation in the US or elsewhere in the world.
0	I have O-Net. It is a good service for internet, but the TV service needs some work. Hopefully it improves down the road. Fastest DL speeds I have clocked is around 700Mbit. Crazy thing is UL speeds though. So fast as well.
1	...but think of all the high paying jobs that will be lost when they close!
0	so i can just pump in all the cold weather from outside?
0	I HATE NEW THINGS!
0	That's exactly what I meant actually haha. Thanks for phrasing it better! When my friend first introduced me, I fell hard for reddit. I've grown to loathe certain aspects, but I'm definitely not dispassionate in any way.
0	All market structures can have all of these things
0	Don't forget that there is a very successful college in Olds, which brings in tons of students every single year.
0	"Savings accounts are a joke at most banks. What good is ""saving"" when the interest you earn on that money is significantly less than the rate of inflation?"
0	Wonder if you'll get a discount on your T-Mobile service/devices if you use their card? Would be worth having a portion of your paycheck direct deposited to cover your bill if they gave an incentive.
0	My memories of Digg's discussion area include a lot of shitposters, trolls, and dedicated ideologues. I wouldn't want to go back to that unless it was heavily moderated.
1	"but they just added ""Trending"" in the side bar! That's a pretty great feature!"
1	Hard drives got supper dupper expensive over the last decade, don't you remember?
0	I've never had a facebook account but I can assure you that there's no way that fb is worse than google+ (which I didn't knowingly sign up for). I have no idea what that clusterfuck is about. I'm an internet dinosaur with my own domain and website.
0	It worked for them with Gmail, but expecting it to work for a site where the success or failure was based on the number of users was monumentally dumb.
0	You are oversimplifying things.
0	Gonna be a while before governments give up their seatbelt ticketing revenue.
1	And no other country does this.
0	Fuck, indeed. I hope you like it dirty... Well, actually, it doesn't matter what you like.
0	Fuck it, no nail clippers without a permit.
1	GreatBigHands was just being a good citizen snitching on other media terrorists, like any other good citizen would.
0	The irony is that those people who watch shitty CAM videos will never pay for a movie ticket or a real DVD anyway. If the person was filming with a HD camera it would make sense, but not with a google glass.
1	clearly a matter for DHS... even if it *weren't* shitty camcorder footage...
0	Yeah, I replaced my iPhone 4 under warranty because the camera had strange colors and they just agreed with me. When I brought in my iPhone 5 for a different reason I mentioned the camera, and they said they would have to take it to the back for image testing for that to be a replacement reason.
0	There is a 7 day period to switch but by all means don't let facts ruin the righteous indignation!
1	Never!
0	Everywhere I've worked doesn't have the ports open for that.
1	Watch out! Apple is finished!!!
1	Well, it is Green Peace. I can't imagine there would be a bias in their blog.
0	Wait that was a real example?  That's hilarious. I thought you thought you were making an exaggerated example to show propaganda. You have a source?
1	Yeah, I'm rally sad that someone else is taking tax breaks that I'm too stupid to take advantage of, how will I ever cope?
0	I...I have to tell you something about WinRAR.
0	Yea that's simply not true.  I have never seen anti apple comments get upvotes on reddit.  All I see here and elsewhere is apple circlejerking.  And familiar people posting the same crap over and over.  And if you check their comment history it is clear they are shills some may be unpaid shills but shills none the less.
0	Ah of course, no problem.
0	Like how there's usually no star next to race or sex.
1	and of course this money is going to go toward more honest pursuits, like government contractors who are MUCH more reliable.
0	Does anyone know if Windows Media Center is still around? I remember having that before DVRs became big. It's probably the only way I'd switch back to Windows.
0	That's why I've been training in Shoot Many Robots for the coming robopocalypse.
0	what about remoting into your home pc from work. its alot easier to use lmi for most than to configure their home router.
0	I'm lacking the bridge to put together battery removal and collecting information. Sounds like more of a unrelated jab.
1	But people don't *want* higher speeds!
0	Saving the motherfucking porn yeah!!
0	Nice to see someone who actually knows their economics here.
0	Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of floppy disks.
0	What do you pay exactly?
0	It's simple. MS doesn't take the cut.
0	That isn't true. Though pacman is significantly less intuitive than apt-get and yum.
1	I know I for one love having to pay extra on top of the Win8 license to get usability back in the OS I paid for.
0	I dled Classic Shell so a start menu would exist as well as other basic, 20 year old, Windows functionality. They added a start icon in 8.1 but it's not the same thing as what is offered in Classic Shell or previous Windows OS's.
0	Yeah.. I can understand some of the gripes with 8 on a single monitor. It shines on 8.1 though with multiple monitors.
0	No, hide it. Boot to desktop and bring back win7 start menu... dont be stupid
0	That's just prism syncing up, nothing to worry about.
0	Yeah, next time they should just cooperate with NZ authorities and ask for their permission and ask whether they would arrest him for them, since it isn't up to the FBI to decide whether or not NZ authorities should arrest someone.
0	No, but now google images sometimes doesn't load for some reason.
0	because wormholes
0	Nah.
0	Shut your shit, you piece of shit.
1	Don't fall for it. A data tracking company paid this guy millions of dollars to steal info and inject ads
1	He was only routing it though the unsuspecting fridge. The real culprit here is the Chinese toaster!
0	Its a good thing this is a 1-click extension then eh?
1	NO NO NO everyone should block ads ads are evil and every site with them should die and businesses aren't money they're evil ^
0	that won't make the software go away. All it accomplishes is bad PR...but Yale doesn't seem to care.
0	Not really, I don't think anybody ever would sync switching a LED on and off with the grid voltage. Since you need to do AC/DC conversion and all first, you're likely going to have some other timing source anyway, because the LED circuits won't follow the phase of the grid. So that timing source can work at whatever frequency you want.
0	And guess where all those signatures are going to go?  Straight to /dev/null.
0	Did you look at the business options? Seriously the business section doesn't fuck around with bullshit innovation for innovation's sake.
0	Hopefully it starts working soon. It would be a shame if content creators and web developers got paid for their work.
1	This is why we read the agreements before accepting them.
1	yes, that article is full of facts and credible sources
0	Giving someone a hard time =/= trolling, but I'll call it progress.
0	This may be a dumb question, but can all this malware harm a computer, or is it just annoying clutter?
1	Oh no, it's definitely the same set of people commenting on every submission on all of reddit.
0	I Deluge wouldn't let me download to network drives (windows). That was a dealbreaker for me.
0	I thought transmission was originally for Linux it works so well
0	I would bend your finger to just before the point of breaking.
0	I'll be honest sometimes I brain fart and have to look around before I remember what I was looking for haha
0	So easy to install, you can do it accidentally.
0	Two windows Generations is a decade? Windows 9 is coming out next year.
0	It may have been designed to work well with tablets, but that doesn't mean it doesn't work as well as the old start menu on desktops. What about it isn't a start menu? The fact that it is a menu of icons that you click to start a program?
0	Windows 8 is objectively faster than windows 7 in things like boot time, hard drive navigation, and gaming.
0	Yeah Apple looks like a much better choice these days.
0	Fuck, that hurt
0	The new MH MMO is china-only AFAIK.
0	It's called Freenet.
1	How dare they advertise a product that is still in development!
0	That's kind of my point.  It's like recording an album then just not bothering to upload it to the iTunes store.
1	But.. But FIFA has a flashy new game engine!!
1	Just give it 10 years. Then we can decide.
0	It's absolutely nuts. I bought one a few weeks after this program started. People are calling it customer loyalty too. I have owned every Nintendo system ever except for the DS but apparently I am not a loyal customer.
0	Getting the necessary copyright paperwork done, or the hassle of dealing with it all from different game companies that have produced said games for Nintendo.
0	No way in hell in driving that in snow or on ice.
1	Exactly, that is why the PS3 was such a failure. A bad launch and then nothing for the last 6 years.
0	"""We want to keep making the same fucking game we've been making for the last 17 years, with 100 new Pokemon no one gives a shit about!"""
0	Volkswagen had a 3 wheeler in mind, but were scared off by our litigious society. With the price of fuel growing ever higher, this is probably one of the first in a long line of out of the box thinking we should be able to expect.
0	I think there is a disconnect from what Japan gamers want and what other areas want. Japan gamers seem more mobile/handheld gaming focused.
0	Even if that was so and I'm not arguing one way or another here, at least I don't have to GO to Amazon and rub shoulders with the scum there or see the sad, sad faces of the people who work there.
0	Halo reference.
0	Of course, progress in the field of oppression is a different matter
1	That sounds *mighty socialist* of you!
1	First searches, then location, then home temperature, now they want to mine data about our glucose levels?
0	Pretty much any school with a technologically-competent student body has been through this.  Schools hate it when a bunch of students can create a better system than the one they purchased for millions from a contractor.
0	"I never said university did this to protect students, it's to protect the teachers from ""defamation"". I would do this to protect my employees too in a similar case, if I had the power to do so. Luckily for them, the university was able to put enough pressure to take off the website. It's definitely a loss for the students, but it's also an understandable move from the university (IMO)."
0	A non-invasive means for detecting glucose is a holy grail for people with diabetes. This is an incredible announcement.
0	I think it's assumed that people with no vested interest in the success of the software would provide a more honest evaluation of it than those who created it.
0	Even while running, is it that much more distracting than all of the billboards?
0	The fact that they haven't classified them as such says a lot though. In fact the last bit of classification they did in regards to ISPs put them outside of their realm of control.
0	So leave Wi-Fi off unless you're planning to connect to a trusted network.
0	Unfortunately... yep.
0	Same shit happened when Twitter went public.  Never underestimate the stupidity of other people
1	*B-b-but the mac pro is a marvel of engineering right guys? How'd this guy do it in his room?*
1	and it was a totally random coincidence too! nobody planned it, it just happened! Wow!!!
0	Nah. I believe almost everyone who bought it were hoping everyone else would mistake it as Nest. Helped themselves out anyway.
0	The fact that insider trading exists, legal or not, pretty much proves its not something to base much of anything important on. Yet we do.
1	Awe...was her privacy violated?
0	Holy shit, so this band produces enough radiation is almost as much as living near the fukishima nuclear plant that exploded?
0	I said it the other day in a thread about vaccinations.  The two best ways that I can tell to avoid bothering with someone is if they wear one of these bracelets or if they are anti-vaccines.
1	You can always go to the library
0	If you don't use it, why can't it be disabled?
0	IDK?
1	Verizon's infrastructure is already perfect!  Just look at all the red spots on that map!
0	I was thinking the same thing.  I swear it leaks more memory too... I have to periodically kill its process with the task manager because it's gobbling a few gigabytes of RAM now.
0	Keynesian economics is what got us into this mess in the first place. Sustainability should be something that is sought after. It's arrogance at its finest to believe you are entitled to profits without providing improved service and quality and/or being better than your competitors.
0	"Sure it does. You were replying to someone who complained about greedy shareholders who push the company in bad directions. You then jumped from there to ""you think stocks are for rich people"", something that simply does not follow from what the user you were replying to said. I was pointing out why you're wrong, not about who owns stock, but about what he was saying."
0	Guess I'm going to have to move North to get that shit. Damn it.
0	Only because it became possible for cheaper, better competition to swoop in (and later because of the TSA). The airline industry is very similar to the consumer electronics industry right now - lots of players and very small profit margins... I can only hope that happens with Internet providers - it's only beneficial for the consumers.
1	We should also get rid of toll-free phone numbers too because they are bad for competition.
0	Well, we're fucked.
0	There actually was a submission similar to that with around 3000 upvotes and mods removed it for being in the wrong sub. They said it's political, not technological.
0	The data is mostly free from the government because they fund most of the mapping projects. The problem is that it's in different formats and you would have to wrangle it into a usable format.
0	The GPS isn't sentencing the people to jail. It's just a tool.
0	I'm in a Google Fiber area 8 miles from their headquarters. It's a bit disappointing how slow they're expanding. At this rate I don't expect to have it even this year.
0	Most of the OWS were annoying college kids from well to do families who made stupid decisions (200k philosophy degree specializing in minority women's studies).  So yeah.. I'd say a lot of them were very entitled.
1	Aren't we all?
0	The town I moved from had one service provider and my current town also has a single provider.  Please, let me know where all this competition is?  The few places there is Google Fiber?
1	That's not true! You can always vote for a third party!
1	Yeah, because history has shown that dictatorships work out great.
0	It just goes to show how out of touch the courts are with reality and antitrust law.
1	Woooo the infallible courts and capitalism win again.
1	Nationalized items *never* end up with shortages and sub-par services. Venezuela totally did *not* create severe food shortages when they nationalized food.
0	This isn't 4chan.
0	It can be, you might wait a while to get to that 80% promo on a given product. What Steam really proves is that the pricing curve is true. If you lower prices you get more sales. The implication is piracy has *always* been about a market failure. Demand will always want to be filled, shoe horning demand into a high priced bracket because you demand it to be so does not work.
0	If this is worth hundreds of thousands in the future, I'm buying you a plane.
0	Nobody ever pays me in Dogecoins :(
0	Why does this make a difference? Does it make you feel better to know you have 4 coins instead of 0.04 coins if they're worth the same value? There's no reason we need to limit ourselves to integers with digital currency.
0	Except Google Glass only has a small screen in the top right.
0	Google is a scary company. It is basically everywhere now. I think that it is time to destroy it. Think of it like cutting the huge trees to let the undergrowth flourish. It can only go downhill from here and the humans of Earth need to act.
0	No, Google does it half-assed. They come up with the cool idea and they sort of implement it. They do not polish it. Look at how Google Maps and Google Earth are *still* separate products instead of being merged as they've desperately needed to be for years. So you get some features in one and some in the other and never have a complete mapping solution. Look how Google+ still has no idea what it wants to be. Look how Google Chrome is still a 32-bit browser. They took a completely functioning YouTube and screwed it up so now all videos pause during playback to rebuffer. I think the only two things Google has ever done well are search and Android. All else is unpolished and as such I have few worries about them taking over.
0	Does anyone else worry that this singularity thing is going to allow just a handful of elites with the money to lock out immortality for themselves?  Seems like a top of the food chain thing to do. Maybe that's evolution's nature, and all the aliens out there are just the select few that have alpha'd out on their worlds and are now roadtrippin.
1	Can't wait for Google+ to be required to use it and having to opt-out unless you want your circles to be able to change your thermostat temperature.
0	***Wooooossshhhh.*..**
0	"""Your house is on fire, please enter your real name for more information"""
0	Only in as much as they can collect and aggregate your personal data from it. Think of it this way: now Google has the ability to know when you enter &amp; leave your home and some information about what you do inside of it.
0	Except their products, support, and innovation is top notch.
0	It was just announced at the end of October and, given the length of time it takes for the regular Android OS update to reach the majority % of Android users, shouldn't be considered a big reason for the push from SMS to data until a few more months have passed.
1	What is it with Paris that every protest these days turns violent, and then they burn cars in the streets (hasn't happened yet on this one)... I though the French were supposed to be big sissies.
0	Playing Devil's advocate on this one, we've been working on making nuclear fusion a viable energy source for over 40 years. Should we stop projects because they have been delaye due to technical shortcomings?
1	Damn, God gave us the most hardcore processors and graphic cards ever.
0	Yeah, those. :rolleyes:
1	Yeah you're right. There's no way a persons reputation could be ruined by baseless accusations because people are so rational. They tend to seek out the full details before they judge.
0	Or business owners parrot this to discredit Yelp because they have bad reviews there and want them to seem less legitimate.
0	15 years for sure. Google Now is already the beginning of an automated AI assistant, with natural language processing even though it's still limited in scope. I think it's the direction both Google and Apple (and even the late-to-the-show Microsoft) are headed
0	To honor his memory will people be mentioning that at the time of his death he faced a 2 year deal offered mainly because he very flagrantly broke the law and that was kinda impossible to ignore, or is he going to remain the martyr of dumb internet people?
1	"""Treating symptoms and not the disease"" - but that's the American way!"
0	have fun with that
0	The problem is that shows that were realistic (Quincy and Emergency, for example) received complaints about being too realistic. So today you get unrealistic bullshit.
0	I was pretty sure it was just the porn sites that were down.  I didn't check anything else.
0	Wouldn't the first post be the first part on the front page? That doesn't mean it will necessarily be any good.
0	Christ, have I been on this site for 9 years?
1	"Haha, ""without the housewife or the single man"", because married men never do any cooking."
0	You're making a lot of assumptions based on almost no information.
0	This is not far from truth. I have a cousin who works in a company that develops and support medical related machines. There are several that never made it to the market because *they were too good*. They weren't profit-focused. Who cares if they cure/help people better than the current ones, they can't profit from it! He said he was pretty disgusted with it, but there's nothing he can do about it.
1	Better stop creating the future because profits/jobs might be lost.
0	To be fair, at least it was a valid point!
0	Then either contact the author, or go to a university library and access the source there.
0	So they say attacks occurred, but they don't know who the retailers were?  Very informative article.
0	People are bemoaning a lack of diversity in a field because of lack of interest among those underrepresented. I understand the complaints of those feeling locked out by their gender, but not pushing those who have no real interest into the field.
0	Actually, not really. The bandwidth usage &amp; the inevitable huge increase in latency would make it totally unviable.
0	Spoiler alert!
0	I only hate it since it forces you to use your real name.
0	Exactly. My brother and I made an account for our moms cat while we were drunk. Neither of us rember the login, and he, 4 years later, pops up as liking things like Wal Mart and Discover Card wayyyy too much. No accidents, this is advertising. One of the many reasons I deleted my facebook account.
0	For data only it's a different story for me. I have my iPad on a small AT&amp;T plan for when I'm in Montana, and a T-Mobile plan for everywhere else. This includes international travel because I'll be borked if I'm paying $30 for 120MB roaming data when it's free on T-Mobile and I can get a speed boost on 200MB for $25.
0	In Germany in the 1950s there actually was a case that went up to the Federal Constitutional Court about whether the police could pull movies from theaters. Surprise ruling: It turned out that they can't. This kind of reminds me of that.
0	The last year or so I've just been waiting for someone to link something better than reddit so I can leave... soon I hope!
0	They are unifying their services this is absolutely the correct business decision. You are demanding they do the opposite because you want the free service to do less for them and more for you. This is entitlement considering you don't pay them a cent. If you want a service that doesn't require you to do anything go with a premium pay service, this is not the model Google follows. Then again even paid services require you make a simple fucking account.
0	Funny, AdviceAnimals and Askreddit.  I fucking hate all three of those subs due to their average user.  Rather telling that they're the most popular subs now.
0	Its because google doesn't want to admit that google plus is a failure, so they are ramming it down the throats of anyone who uses their other services. They were expecting it to replace Facebook, and when it didn't, they have to try and force the transition by merging it with things we do use like Gmail and YouTube.
1	Oh yea. Askjeeves is the best ever.
0	Does gaap allow you to report in bitcoin?
0	Either way, if people figure out what to do with bitcoin truly, I don't see why not. It just still feels a little like the Wild West still. The power to be untraceable can be scary. I'd rather not say that I'm skeptical; just that I'm waiting for its hype to calm down and for it to stabilize. Even then, I wouldn't really use it for savings or anything of the sort.
0	Your network switching centers are probably locked.  This was simply an unlocked closet.  Turning the door handle is not felony B&amp;E to any rational person.  The homeless person storing his possessions in there was not charged with B&amp;E.  It is a college, and the nature of colleges is that they are generally quite permissive environment where legal traps like that are not how you do things.  Some colleges - including MIT - even make a contest of it.
0	But if we did get your card then there would only be 100 combinations of numbers for the last two digits of your secret code. I highly doubt it is double zero anything so really only 99 to guess. Ehhh sounds like too much work.
0	Even if I watched sports, I think I'd still switch over to Google for my internet if it were an option.  The bundle discount is insufficient to outweigh the quality / price boost you'd get on your internet w/ fiber.
1	But that doesn't help the shareholders!
0	The lost because the lawsuit was bogus.  Amazon's e-book division is profitable on it's own.  If it's profitable, it can't be a loss leader.
0	TWC CEO here. Fuck you all! Shut your poor, filthy mouths and give me more money.
1	No, no, no... you see... that's a positive gender role, entirely different
0	trendy frameworks go out of fashion.  The big ones don't.  Think jboss, rails, zen, plone.
0	Everyone have a cock as your profile pic, problem solved.
1	Don't believe the hype, G+ is just looking site hits
0	I'm allowed to dislike Buttcoin and banks at the same time.
0	Step 7: move and start over
0	The dev kit is available to the public. It doesn't have all the user-friendliness and features of the product they want to have at launch, but it's a functional Occulus Rift device which can be bought.
0	As someone who frequently works on computer security, this would make my job very difficult indeed.
0	You know that if Softbank buys T-Mobile, it's very likely Sprint will be rolled into T-Mobile and not the other way around IMO.
0	I've been over 2gb multiple times and never been throttled. Nothing but outstanding service from straight talk.
1	We should also get rid of toll-free phone numbers too because they are bad for competition.
0	I want AT&amp;T to pull this off then watch as they lose every customer to T-Mobile. Fuck AT&amp;T. They used to give faster data speeds to iPhones. Still might I left.
0	There is a hatch in the back labelled 'We Take All Deliveries in the Rear'
0	Call it UHD then, it would save you a bunch of space (**ULTRA HD**) so shinny.
0	I still get updates on Windows 7 for MSE. So far so good. No complaints with it. Doesn't hog up a lot of resources like some other AVs.
1	But they are so close on the map. That means that there are absolutely no difference in how the justice system works
0	I can't find the comment but it was saying that if for whatever reason when you decide to upgrade and you still have a balance, said balance goes away as long as the phone is working without any water damage/broken parts.
0	yes?
0	This is great and all...if you are living in a city.  I said this in another comment today on another t-mobile thread.  You are going to get what you pay for if you live in a small town or even a smaller end city.
0	Not if you have your own phone.  Which he does.
0	Comodo CIS + Microsoft's little tool EMET is what I use. Cheap and extensive.
1	Because drama and marketing and buy this or pick a side or listen and do what someone else tells you!
1	That's too bad, since he's such a software industry guru.  Obviously the perfect fit.
0	Yeah, I just hadn't gotten down that far yet. Damn.
0	so brave
0	AT&amp;T caps U-verse at 250GB/month.
0	How?
0	You can turn that off.  Source: I run Avast on Windows 8.1 at home.
1	aight, il take your word for it, you seem to know this shit.
0	Not all of it goes to the Middle East.
0	I've lived here for seven years and haven't heard it.  The only thing I've heard similar is when they talk about the Delmarva peninsula.
1	Shoot, everything you learned is a lie.  We should narrow every road to 0 lanes, then there will be no traffic!
0	Well, shit.  What are you, a professor?
0	Picture quality can so be improved. Eg. Black levels are often poor in LCDs.
0	Wii U's seem to sell well.  I almost bought one on a whim a while back, but the gamestop was sold out... My whim vanished.
0	"an average user probably would have RMAd the card without a second thought.  honestly tho, if users are as lazy as all my haters and downvoters make it seem, then they will find a way to say even this layout is too complex and ""hard to do""."
0	This is my last month as an AT&amp;T customer for over 8 years. Moving to T-Mobile. AT&amp;T, Fuck'em.
0	It's fairly funny to watch these companies that are so used to being in control of their industry, to try and fail to gain/keep control while that industry changes.
0	should i get you a cup?
0	Finally!  A powerful computer that can fit right up your ass.
1	Yeah that's why luxury cars are so unpopular, people only buy cheap car for the sole purpose of utility and there's no such thing as motorsports, car shows and new models every year... right?
0	Raspberry Pi what?
0	"By ""debuts first"" I believe they meant ""refreshes last year's""."
0	"I hate that I kind of like the Alienware. I hate most ""gamer"" cases with all the lights and extra crap on them. Clean lines and minimal lights are more my style."
0	The guy likes to bomb.  What did you expect?
0	You should rather be asking why is such an important and useful resource as torrenting not a part of every *other* OS. The answer, of course, is that Linux isn't made by people in cahoots with the entertainment cartels.
0	it doesn't matter what I would expect.
0	I'm from 2018. ALL HAIL HYPNOTOAD
0	Tax break is functionally the exact same as giving them cash.
0	"The whole point is that you don't want to flush it to RAM, even accidentally.  On some architectures you can ""lock"" or ""freeze"" the cache so it doesn't flush (and then it's basically just a really fast block of additional RAM), but by default x86 isn't one of those architectures."
0	He said that if TVs where actually 4k (1.90:1), then most TV material (16:9 or about 1.78:1, i.e. narrower) would have black bars on the side.
0	Good to know, thanks!
0	"Businesses may just continue to run with it, just like many phone providers were calling their connections 4G even though LTE was going to be the standard 4G speed. Now they have to call it 4G LTE so people know the difference. I wouldn't be surprised if this situation results in it being kept at ""4K"" for 2160p, and then the actual 4K being called something else that may have 4K in it."
0	Halo 10. Revenge of the Covenant Again With Dinosaurs.
1	Who needs millions of dollars if it's too hard to run?
0	"A euphemism bordering on a lie. ""Nano robot"" sounds like a scientific term - a robot with a size below a defined amount. A modified bacteria is something entirely different. I don't think the stereotypical housewives should be lied to either. If they don't want miracle cures that sound weird, they don't have to have it - I wouldn't want anything *injected* into me that I didn't understand. Forcing it onto them in a backhanded way also has the potential to damage public trust for science."
0	Damn! Foiled me again, time-travel-man!
0	Tor network combined with distributed database.
1	More access points for the NSA. Fantastic!
0	"""not without success"" is idiomatic - most people will find the phrase easier to understand."
1	Lovely article by the way. No bias whatsoever.
0	Global variables are nice!
0	I think they were for sale there before here?
1	And you are doing your part by being vague and not warning the public to not use whoever you worked for.
0	You can't outlaw encryption any more than you can outlaw mathematics.
0	I wasn't even making an opinion, I was just reposting for folks who, for whatever reason, may not be able to see it. You're reading way too much into a fragment of a sentence.
0	Modern supercaps are not anywhere close to batteries in terms of cost of energy. A little while ago I made a spreadsheet to see what the best readily available options were for EVs (I'm interesting in building an electric bike), Readily available supercaps seem to be on the order of $45,000 per KWh, while SLA batteries are around $180/KWh, and the 18650 Li-Ion cells are about $600/KWh. Large EV lithium cells are a nice happy medium at around $400/KWh, about twice the weight of the 18650 cells (9.9Kg/KWh vs 4.9), but less than half the weight of SLA (23.674 Kg/KWh). Of course economy of scale could change things a bit but definitely not enough to make supercaps viable right now and probably not even in the next decade. I'd really like hydrogen fuels to have some sort of breakthrough soon but other than that batteries are likely gonna be the way forward for the near future.
0	If you didn't want to prove it then you'd just be posting as anybody else. But that's not what this thread is about.
0	We do now. :D
1	More speeding tickets issues. Awesome.
0	I'm pretty sure they would still have to be manned and besides it would cost most for petrol if you drove more than ~20 km (around 15 miles I think).
0	Manual and automatic are both types of vehicle transmissions, and a horse is a horse. You're trying to fight apples with oranges.
0	Multiple horses and duct tape.
1	Guess that's why prohibition worked
0	Patrol for what?
0	Some work clothes are, (well tyvek - kind of like paper).
0	Many major manufacturers have given the year 2020 as the year for selling self-driving cars to the mass market. They will probably even be ready by 2018 or 2019 and availiable to large companies or entrepeneurers.
0	Yes
1	Just watch the 4K stream on your 720p screen and the artifacts should mostly go away.
0	I feel the same way about reddit, apb stays on until the sidebar on the homepage can be disabled.
0	Yet I can't help but feel disappointment knowing that this will in no way meet my expectations.
0	Even among their most ardent detractors, Apple's OS and hardware designs are routinely praised as best of class.
0	Doesn't the little glass piece light up when it's recording?
0	That makes sense. They also pushed mkv before everyone else, and it's the best damn container format ever.
0	Man, copyright infringement on a phone keyboard?  That'll be an interesting case.
0	You are forced to choose because your idea of a perfect UI is actually of a shitty and outdated UI that you are very, very used to.
0	"yes it does, it 100% does. It was non-critical info which could be found in a phone book for many years and has gained attention over a glaring security hole that has been there for a long time. Clearly the kids at the top are too busy turning down offers (going down that groupon path like smart asshats) then to fix their security. It wasn't even ""security"" per say, it was a shitty designed api and shouldn't be hard to fix."
1	Phones are vulnerable to phonebooks, directories and reverse lookup. Only way to protect yourself is delete your phone.
0	Well you can get more information from someone by just looking up their fb.
0	In reality it just hides them so you can't see them again from the program or such, but they are still there.
0	What do we do when paranoia and truth are the same thing?
1	At least you didn't list Coby. I'm sure that is a well renowned brand.
0	Just turn off the fucking filter. It sucks that they implemented this but christ no need to make a ham sandwich about how to get around it.
0	Yea Google+ really took off.
0	Meh. I used to pirate,  but with Spotify for music,  steam for games and Netflix and the like it's less hassle not to.
1	You wouldn't link to a car. So why link to a tv show.
1	yup if it wasnt for torrents the simpsons never would have become one of the most popular tv shows ever in the early 90's
0	Just like a skunk can't spray if you hold its hind legs off the ground.
0	*high school biology class upvote
0	That is brilliant. Whosoever idea that was please pat yourself on the back.
1	Except for my undying love of my Nexus 5.
0	Well how do we tweet to the sharks to warn them about fisherman who try to eat their fins? I hope they're carrying a two-way pager.
0	Blacklist their MAC addresses, it their IP address of possible.
0	We should all admit to ourselves that soon, i.e. two decades on the outside, cars will be driving themselves by federal fiat and anyone that can't afford an auto-car will be taking public transport.
0	How much is that going to help when the streets are already at 100% capacity?  I imagine every cab available is working on big holiday nights, so it's not that there is a shortage of vehicles.
0	He also wouldn't have bet his fortune and reputation on Tesla if he didn't believe in the technology.  Anyone who says a particular advancement is impossible, unless physics backs them up, should not be taken seriously.
0	Those used Model S battery packs are going to need go somewhere when they've outlived their mobile lives; they'll be repurposed as stationary packs for homes.
0	Nope, they have a well attached to a spring on our property. Free water FTW.
0	One video production company got 100k. Clearly not writing code.
0	"Show me how many people HP pays in Switzerland to ""manufacture"" something? It is so they can funnel taxes through tax havens like Ireland, Switzerland, Holland by claiming the patents as part of the local arm of the giant conglomerate."
0	No.
0	Most were inactive accounts.
0	Not comfortable, but *brainwashed.*
0	Yeah, I really can't think of a system that would be both more globally comprehensive and easier to implement. Think about Facebook's reach and membership, then take into account how much something similar would cost and how long it would take to conduct surveys on that scale across so many international language barriers, among other things. But with Facebook, all we have to do is wait for users to update their page with where they've lived and then have Zuckerburg import it all into a set of huge graphs and problem solved (at least, that's what I'm half-seriously assuming with my limited knowledge of statistics and IT).
1	Shut up! If you deserved more you would be given more dictated by market demands! No one would ever try to screw over the bottom workers that support the rest of the companies business!
0	Kinda like you are right now?
0	I would if I was joking.
1	Hell yeah gotta fund those welfare queens!
0	That's socialisms!!!!
1	Luckily you can't jail a corporation!
0	I thought I was pretty clear, but okay, sure, let's say that just because HBO is still profitable means they're not making any bad decisions; feel better?
1	I thought for sure this was another NSA article.
0	Link one then. Link me a retina equivalent screen with a unibody aluminum form, thunderbolt, equivalent trackpad, and equivalent battery life for cheaper.
0	They can regulate it whenever it interacts with the real economy.
1	Great, now the NSA is going through my trash
0	I miss him in the Dogecoin community, there was tons of money to be made from the volatility he caused.
1	Half-Life 3 (maybe with a PS4 version) wouldn't sell any copies. Think of mobile!
0	It is reddit, right now everyone is an expert in risk mitigation.  Even the people who have never taken a probability class or a finance class.
0	While I agree that it will harm insurance companies, it won't kill them as all cars will still have manual controls,  and no matter what, some people are going to use them.
0	True but that's up to the legislators not the engineers
0	I think the fusion rocket concept is intended to solve the beyond LEO part of the journeys. I don't launcher systems were designed with nuclear fusion in mind.
0	I just don't get it.
0	"They never said it was ""really secure"" on itself, they were comparing it to using a 4 digit pin code and people that do not even use a pin code."
0	That is a fantastic analogy. Thanks for that.
0	I'd be willing to bet that some government will be providing funding to further study this absurd idea.
0	Hey there bird, amuse us!
0	Because not everyone has an HD smart TV in every room of their house?
0	The servers they use for this come from a 3rd party, which got bought, and whose new owners immediately canceled all their other contracts.
0	Nothing after Snow Leopard is supported. I'll change my original post to reflect that.
0	If you don't let me gut out this house and make it my own I will go insane AND I WILL TAKE YOU WITH ME.
0	Looks like Jack Nicholson at the end of the Witches of Eastwick.
1	But even if they patent this shape I'm sure Google won't steal it.
0	I owe no allegiance to any OS, so Windows is totally fine for me. 7 is as solid as Windows gets in the home today, in my opinion. I mostly miss my console.
0	2edgy
0	I disable adblock on sites that I wish to support.
0	But the Blackberry brand looks to be very much screwed.
0	On the upside, I wonder if you'd have found Mindcrack if you could play yourself. :P
1	But macs dont get virus's!!!!!!!!!!
1	But macs don't get viruses, they can't be attacked so there's no need for support anyways.
0	As a Web dev, I think I might plan a party. Now there's no reason at all to be stuck on IE8.
1	Well yeah, how else are we gonna save them from the dark clutches of Apple
0	Don't worry though, Macs don't get viruses! ;-)
0	Facebook email shuts down, no fucks given.
0	Are you a bot?
0	"Yep, hence why I said ""Near to unnoticeable, **for the average man**"""
0	Don't forget to feed your shoes.
0	To those who aren't aware, telco's and cable companies operate under a government enabled duopoly and use that as a tool to destroy your wallet and make you want to throw things. If you want to fix that, talk to your city and county government and put your own fiber in the ground or on the power poles.
0	That's fair, I guess I gave up on youtube comments overall and now generally see them as embeded links, so if a respectable conversation did happen I wouldn't know about.
0	FWIW, the Titanfall beta was like a 15GB download.
0	Right ... Research Canada US Softwood lumber dispute.
0	**THERE ARE TWO VERSIONS?!**
1	Because nobody can like Microsoft without being a paid shill. Great stuff.
0	Seriously, how is even the world 'internet' being used?
0	Page won't load. What did it say?
0	To exit vi, simply touch your tongue to your nose
0	You are way too defensive.
0	No it's not. It's discrimination.
1	It is well within the religious rights of Republicans to death panel gays if their religion says they should.
1	You mean we weren't founded on the idea of religious freedom for all Christians??!!
0	I won't vote for a third party until we get rid of our winner-takes-all voting system.
0	"I completely agree, however I feel it's good practice to buy the physical copies of *some* of the media you download.  It grants you deniability, ""I didn't pirate those, your honor, I purchased them legally then downloaded a higher quality digital version, to which my copy of the DVD grants me license.""  I would like to do it for everything I want to watch, but that's too expensive."
1	The sky is blue
1	Well, in math two negatives make a positive!
0	you mean exactly like regular television? If you don't want to pay, don't get the paid version.
1	Comcast is buying TWC already. Now if we can get Verizon to buy AT&amp;T it should solve the problem.
0	They don't make a top spec phone for Verizon./Don't have a huge US presence.
1	Oh god, this changes everything.
0	Ice cream?
0	... so no case for this? or some weird double opener?
0	You were talking about having a place where you easily can install software from. I said Linux has that. And alternate sources were on the topic, and I said that's trivial to set up on Linux too.
0	Serious question: why should I care about encrypting my text messages? What nefarious spies are going to intercept information about my dinner plans, and what will they do with this information? I can't imagine a situation where encryption was actually necessary but text messages were the appropriate transmission medium.
1	Yes because the economy and peoples economic situations haven't changed at all in 10 years. As a matter of fact everyone now makes a but load more money than they did 10 years ago and everyone is just sitting on disposable income these days
0	"Why do so many phones have to be called ""Something X""?"
0	Petabyte.
0	Localstorage. There are APIs for that already.
0	I know. Every time I try to cover over the led on my phone all that ends up happening is that I just manage to smear some blue on it. People can totally see the light. It's very frustrating for me.
0	"I'm really sick of the ""there is no reasonable expectation of privacy"" cop-out.  A person popping down to Wal-Mart in knockabout clothing do not deserve to be the object of anyone's ridicule."
1	Yeah, this $30/mo for 5GB on T-Mobile is really expensive.
1	I don't like it when strangers take my picture or record me in public. My belief is they are stealing my soul. I fling poo as my defence.
0	There are plants that use focused sunlight to use as a heat source for molten salt reactors too.
1	Which is exactly why it's bad?  Think of all the lost jobs!
0	Apple owns patents on LiquidMetal technologies.  Apple is Skynet.  More at 11.
0	Well the flimsy design was the main problem but the plastic tends to get all slippery and nasty feeling after it gets worn out.
0	Cant agree with that. Usually by the end of the generation devs know exactly how to use the most of the consoles. That's why we have amazing games like Last of Us and Bioshock Infinite that run pretty well on consoles. Those games wouldn't run on a 400$ PC that was bought in 2005.
0	And the Xbox one has a large install base
1	Hey, let's go to Business Insider for reliable tech news!
0	I wonder, do hipsters only watch vintage porn?
1	Yes, because Nokia started developing the Nokia X the moment Satya Nadella was chosen as Microsoft's CEO and got the entire phone done in under a month.
0	No
0	Okay, with that explanation I'm comfortable conceding the point.
0	Gigabit will be speedy for the things we do today, but it's really about needing to have the capacity there before we can invent the things we are going to do with it tomorrow.
0	Are you getting actual offers? As in, binding and in writing?  Or are you just counting cold calls from recruiters?
0	Keeping the dream alive for another year I see
0	Same here. Very pissed about that.
0	Depends if the unsubscribe link works or asks me to login to their website.
0	I have never subscribed to anything related to Michelle Obama, but like twice a week I get an email from her.. like we're besties. I cannot unsubscribe from her mailing list to save my life, and not that I have anything against the content she pushes - it's all PC and health-related -, but esus christ I don't give a shit Michelle.. leave me alone.
0	tracker is still up and running, just downloaded a torrent five minutes ago
0	Hello Venafi, tell us more.
0	It amazes me how people just click next without even thinking.  Then a couple weeks down the road they say I have no idea how I got so much junk on my computer.
0	It will never get fixed, sorry, but it's the truth. To be quite brutally honest, everyone in your neighborhood would need to cancel for any hope of anything getting fixed. Yes I know that means no internet, but it's the only way the people that only see numbers will take notice.
0	I can't wait to get a football team.  Totally going crush U of Phoenix.
1	Fucking capitalism.
1	Whaaat? It HASN'T? How SUPRISING.
0	Mainly because it isn't accredited by any note worthy entity.
0	Ever heard of government-owned utilities, like BPA or TVA?
0	It is because Facebook has now proven that no matter how far in the red you are, no matter how unprofitable your company is and how utterly impossible it will be to make it profitable...  you can sell it for BILLIONS if you just have enough users.
1	Killers need geolocation in order to kill people, where do you live? in a tank?
1	Don't you know it costs extra to let them download more stuff? Gotta put on those caps and only allow certain data to pass to save them money!
0	Vili Fualaau
1	Aww, *only* 82 down? Pool soul.
0	Entire page got blocked by adtrap. Did i miss anything?
0	I have unlimited data. Avoid Verizon or AT&amp;T. If you really look at it - only two companies don't give you unlimited data.
0	If it's so small why won't Cogent pay for it?
0	Why does a school need to use your ssn extensively? That policy needs to change.
0	Ooh, that sounds nice!
0	They're already raking in billions as it is for sub par service so it's a bit hard to sympathize, that's for sure.
0	Such fees weren't for big companies, they were made for entrepreneurs and smaller service providers as some sort of legal warranty should their customers bail before the agreed-upon terms. In most instances, it's completely fair. However, forcing a customer to sign a new contract with a year timespan when an existing contract was already being followed is really shady.
0	No, vendor software is often bad anyway. Just use TrueCrypt and your good.
1	It seems like they never put in options to turn anything off. Google knows best.
0	batman
0	Because it is cutting into the ISP's profits and we failed to neuter the ISP's ability to discriminate traffic. Don't worry, soon they will also charge customers extra for Netflix access too.
0	Power, floorspace, maintenance, and the like still add up really quickly. I have no idea whether the costs balance out, but running a netflix content box definitely isn't free.
0	we wus robbed
1	Now I can get great speeds like my uni offers!
1	But that might mean that they could only buy two Bugatti Veyrons this year instead of three.  We can't ask them to live with only two supercars, can we?
0	It's pretty simple, Americans hate government. Even when it makes no sense whatsoever.
1	Because the free market is better for everyone.
1	Um, no thanks. Duh. Fox News says government = bad so anything related to the government and my internet is bad. I'm only going to vote for people who don't think government is good. I'll know them because Fox News will tell me who they are. There is nothing wrong with our free market system. These guys are there because they worked the hardest! Geez people.
0	Not if the common ISP's such as Comcast have anything to do with it.
0	Netflix should cooperate with google and start a new ISP
1	Yea, a smart magnet. Now they'll be useful.
0	Yup. What can you do? :)
0	The damn casuals just need their facebooks. Once they have that, they're totally satisfied and docile. So sad.
1	But they're a great content provider! Look at all the Olympics coverage on King-5 (Seattle metro NBC station)/KGW-8 (Portland OR), especially during the days on the weekends! W00t!
0	"You realize that that final amount the cashier tells you, that receipt, is the final bill, right? On the menu it's the ""dollar menu"", but is never a dollar."
0	Oh fuck no you dont.
0	Someone else in this thread gave an explanation for their lack of coverage in those areas.  NYC and other large metro areas are essentially too dense in population and other infrastructure to support Google Fiber at their current size.  Google is going to have to scale up their entire operation to bring Fiber to those cities.
0	exactly, and even if i knew 100% they couldn't its just one more point of failure. guns already fucking jam and shit and they are mechanical
0	I shouldn't have specifically said digging, just that accessing utility wires in Manhattan is probably a lot more time consuming and costly than in Texan cities for instance.
1	"There's literally no limit to the greed these companies have.  My mom pays $206 for uverse TV + Internet, and said they just raised the bill to $211.  I called for her and they did me a ""favor"" by giving me the introductory rates again for another 12 months.  Thanks uverse!"
0	I just moved from Sandy Springs Georgia, dammit.
0	Line ?
0	Hahhahaa torrenting sports, that's a good one.  Might as well just watch an hour of sports scenter to get all the good stuff... oh wait, that requires cable too.
0	How long does it take for google fiber to be functional in a city once they decide?
0	If you pay for TV, you deserve this.
1	Nah man, that's what the police are for!
0	You can still watch your anime online.  Sports fans do not have a choice.
0	It's not a free market though.  Local governments / states sign deals to make telecoms exclusive to areas.  That is not free market whatsoever.
1	OMG NASA IS SPYING ON YOU OVER PORT 123!!!
0	central america is part of north america bingleton.
0	Well Mexico is central america so yeah.
0	Thus he has no power there. Joke finished.
0	I'm talking about your certain claim that it will take longer. You have no absolute idea either way.
0	yeah, i have one. can't understand why they wouldn't be the default for everyone, but I've always thought they were under advertised.
0	Much obliged.
0	That's because Direct X captures the display and controls all the display output, essentially removing all other program's control over the display.
0	No, that would cost thousands at least.  Each one is more expensive than the lost.  Don't ask why, it's just physics.
1	I propose you change the headline to: **Duolingo raises $20M in a quest to grab language learning by the balls and skullfuck it into submission**
0	For a couple seconds.
1	Or a cellphone. Because shutting that down is a great way to utilize that $$ I spend to be able to talk at it
0	It's certainly not faster, nor smarter (especially the 8.0 version that divided the results into separate sections). Do you have any benchmarks that prove otherwise?
1	Which means it required more power than the machines that people were selling. Yeah, that's totally the manufacturers fault, they should have made everybody pay for high spec PCs when Vista came out.
0	ITT: rah rah rah Windows 7!  No, rah rah rah Windows 8.  rah rah rah!
0	Seriously, it's not 1996 and this is witty or something. Of course Microsoft wants money, it's a corporation. People bitch that Internet Explorer stagnated and cause issues, but then people bitch when Windows tries to improve just the same. This is just the same old tired Microsoft can do no right story.
0	B-b-b-but MUH CERTIFICATED UNIX!
1	The charm menu is easy.  Just open up an interesting article and start to read it.  As you scroll down to read more the charm menu will jump onto your screen *every flipp'n two seconds!*
0	I need to tripple check my history.
0	Damn i would like to see what the graph looks like now with Microsoft in the mix...has android leveled off a little with market saturation and have apple gone down with Android and Microsoft taking market-share from them a little. So many questions.
0	No, the Soviet Union was, which no longer exists.
1	Phew! I'm glad modern, democratic countries like Japan have learned how to come clean on nuclear accidents!
1	Ah, I wouldn't go that far.
0	Most pilots fly closer to 1000 hours per year than they do 2000 hours, your point is completely irrelevant.
0	If something like Chernobyl happened in Japan, the Japanese would be fucked beyond the charts, they could potentially lose half the fucking country
0	Fallacy of equivocation.  The definition of temperature that allows for negative Kelvins is not based on the average kinetic energy of the system, but high kinetic velocities of the hydrogen particles is necessary for fusion to occur (with present methods).  That, and you can't cool below negative... you get to that odd state by heating to extremely high temperatures.
0	Except if you look at sales numbers and combine the overall decline in PC sales, you can see the writing on the wall.
1	Yes.
0	What next? Wearable hats?
0	Agreed, that's why there are no VAC instant bans. The more data valve has to review an incident, the higher the quality of their resolution process.
0	steel is also for weight to keep it down and not move all over.
0	Except it takes like 6 to 10 calories of fossil fuels to produce 1 calorie of corn. Fuckin fischer-haber process.
0	It's a chicken and egg problem, you need money on both the demand side to show that it's a viable business and the supply side in order to build capacity to serve that demand.
1	And arithmetic
0	Did it end up on your credit report? Cuz that would make me pretty angry.
1	which is why we are already on Uranus, instead of feebly attempting to explore Jupiter a la Kubric's 2001: A Space Odyssey, right?
0	Trying to grow a pizza ~~tree~~ ~~bush~~ lawn
0	jimmies status: rustled
0	Or adjusting fit.
0	Microsoft's meteoric rise cannot and will not happen again.  Pretty much everyone on the planet who wants one has a Windows PC by now, and even some who don't want 'em.  The next big saturation game was mobile, but Android and iOS are kicking Microsoft's ass up and down the street on phones and tablets.  Microsoft can't compete for real cloud marketshare without offering a free version of Windows - clouds work in part because you can spin up and destroy ten million Linux or *BSD VMs every single day and it won't cost you a nickel in licensing.  Windows's cloud pricing is weird enough that people are actively avoiding it.
0	Yea I still haven't gotten an email either. I guess that's what happens when your email is at the end of the alphabet.
0	Good guy NSA, letting them patch the vulnerability after they take all of the user data.
0	I have. I'll be fine. Home work done.
0	Enjoy the peace and quiet?
0	He also forgot that you get free 2GB of tethering with the 70$ tmobile plan.
0	Can they extend it to the US and have it circumvent Virginia and Utah?
0	Pretty dump comment, you know? Google can collect your data without you using their connection already.
1	Must be because it was so effective in the UK.
0	LED lighting is definitely more reliable than sunlight.
0	"""You've reached your water cap for the month.  From now til the end of the month, every gallon will cost you $2."""
0	I bought a computer and got Windows 8 on accident. Worse move of my life
1	Because JavaScript that runs without you knowing about it is obviously a serious breach of privacy and nobody should have to go through something like that without being able to opt out.
0	That was quite a while ago at this point. I don't know why people think companies don't change when the tech industry moves so fast.
1	Incognito Mode is SO hard to enter
0	It was actually to try and prompt the other ISPs to get their shit together. It didn't work though, of course, since Google isn't going to be providing any real competition. It has worked, however, at making people a lot more envious of the speeds that are very obviously plausible but are being held back from them. If Google, which is not even a goddamn ISP company, can do it, then Comcast can do it. They choose not to.
0	I'd love any choice buy Comcrap.
1	Why can't we just go back to Dial-Up? The world was a more peaceful place without fast internet
0	ExDat WRecWork
1	But why would you want faster speeds?! None of our other customers want faster speeds?! Everyone is perfectly happy,
0	ALT-F4 from the desktop is the method I was referring to, but yeah, I had to do the utter stupidity of the UI method before I learned the shortcut.  I'd like to find the UI designer at MS who thought that was a good idea and smack them.
0	Just out of curiosity, what are you comparing it to?
0	Windows 2k was the first Microsoft OS I ever loved. Please don't talk about her that way.
1	No, everybody is using Linux.
0	Until something goes wrong. Because Linux support channels are *so* friendly, and totally don't have any zealots in them.
0	Hopefully not. Metro does a lot of *good* for the OS.
0	No, the 10^-7 % have the money.
0	We have the money.
0	Evil, not stupid. He knows exactly what he's doing. Just like Abbott. I think it's important we acknowledge this.
1	What the hell are you talking about?  Turbulence simply doesn't exist with wind!
0	Good thing you aren't the intended market. But god forbid a company makes a product targeted at the high end commercial sector instead of the lower margin consumer market.
0	Yeah, tell that to Google who is running map-reduce on millions of CPUs
0	That's a good point. We don't have all the context, but what little we do have definitely suggests miscarriage of justice.
1	So if he gets convicted, and THEN shoots up a school, wouldn't that be do be jeopardy?
1	land of the free.
0	They also found no guns in his home. Which, in Texas, is a crime in itself.
0	Brilliant.
0	It's too bad the Chinese space agency isn't giving any details, I'm interested in learning more about what went wrong, what they're trying to do to fix it etc.
0	This is the tech industry, so no. Employees are paid very well in salary and benefit. No doubt the Execs get paid a lot, but there's plenty of profit to go around.
0	How is what you're using right now not fair?  Other than spying (which WILL continue even by your OWN government if control were shifted), what grievances do you have with the current state of the Internet?
1	No way man Halo was the first FPS!!
0	if it is a misspelling then it is an original name.
1	Yes but trademarks cover misspellings of the trademarked word. The number Googol could sue Google
0	Why isn't it? They tell you when to eat, when to get there, when to leave, how to do your job, when you can take breaks. Sounds like a regular vanilla W2 job to me. Ohh, that's right, the corporate overlords say it isn't a W2 job so it isn't.
0	Yup. Japanese confuse the L and R pretty hard. Some other Asians have trouble pronouncing the hard American R (as in girl), but that's still different.
1	Made in China. Get it? ha ha, ha ha, me so smart and clever.
0	hey, if anything, i want the guy or girl designing the big scary lasers to constantly be second guessing themselves. at least you won't fail from Dunning-Kruger :D
0	I think the GNU/Linux community already largely does. I wasn't aware that there was a large community just for pure Linux.
1	Time Warner is correct. Most people would love to go back to dial up.
0	This isn't business though, it's SCIENCE, bitch
0	actually yes, this is exactly what they tried to do but it didn't work
0	Mozilla is non profit and a great company, I'm okay with it as long as it lets them keep releasing Firefox for free.
0	Well, back to Opera it seems.
0	If they are never born, they are protected from all the evils there are and yet to be! Go forth and masturbate!
1	Certainly you are more qualified in war matters than entire military staff of South Korea.
0	I volunteer as tribute.
0	You mean... Pintrest?
0	Having lived in austin, grande is only available in select areas of austin. Service is worse than TWC.
1	First Windows, now this. What a bastard.
0	I believe the cars when they ran in the desert ran with classifiers and such, which means they were learning. The got better at navigating obstacles by memory. They weren't being programmed  specifically for each case.
1	So it is you whose shit is all over the internetz! C'mon guys, let's burn the bastard. We're such a nice mob, we shouldn't stop at Facebook.
0	I get 65 up/16 down on a plan that advertises 70 up/ 20 down, for $45 a month. I've never had a problem with the service or the customer support. You should talk to your sales rep, they can probably sort out your problem.
0	I got an entirely new page with matching picture... seems the script is a bit buggy and doesn't play well with ad blockers. It could also be under strain from Reddit hitting it at the moment.
0	So your assumption is that Instagram will somehow make a lot of profit and stick around for a long time, unlike Facebook?
1	But the color combination of Touchwiz was beautiful, you have to admit!
0	billions of blue blistering barnacles
0	You are both wrong, and trivially so. And I didn't bother to answer the 2nd question because he didn't understand the answer to the 1st.
1	Forget genocide, I wanna know the specs?!
1	yes, but i have a VPN!
1	Look at this guy's username. It must be true!
0	So go tell the developers that yourself if it bothers you so much, yeesh.
0	Doesn't the government prosecute in antitrust cases?
0	The monopoly needs to end.  Fiber services and other options can't get here fast enough.
1	You offer a compelling argument to back up your case.
0	Fucking Ben Franklin, always selling us out.  That bastard.
0	"Oh, this that same story from ""Author"" that was on here yesterday?"
0	Well it was originally going to be 5-7 days, but I begged that I needed it to buy food and other things because we are expecting snow.(Live in Atlanta and Snow will shut down the city) So now I will get a temporary card by the morning, but new replacement will get here in 5-7 days still.
0	God help us when today's children become parents.
0	Good, I'll send you the bill.
1	You are a frickin dinosaur. Stop being so resistant to change.
0	"How strange that the ""i"" and ""j"" in skijump written together like that made me thing it was actually a foreign word with an umlaut."
1	Oh.. they Treat their CEO's very well.
0	War?
0	thats the nfc icon
0	foodaracacycle
0	I couldn't express this sentiment strongly enough.
1	That's great. Good thing the NSA can't subpoena private keys.
0	Good! Been away from the cutting edge since leaving uni and taking an unrelated job
0	"See also: ""X of the future."""
0	Those are oddly specific ends to a fairly wide range.
0	This looks like a sweet painting tool, I moved to Photoshop to GIMP when Adobe went all Creative Cloud bullshit. Took a bit of getting used to but all the features I use are there and scripting is much more powerful for automating repetitive tasks.
0	4gbs of data would last me about 2 days.
0	Didn't we give ISPs, like, billions of dollars of taxpayer money to build out their networks?
0	oohh interesting
0	No, they just want to make everything, plaster it with ads, and make a fucking fortune.
1	People are robbed at gunpoint for there phones? In California where there's very strict laws on guns? How would a criminal ever get a gun in California?
1	The terrorist groups, individual terrorists and terror threats are the few reasons, right? That is the only use for this. YUPYUPYUP!
0	Nobody needs a phone with a high capacity battery. Every phone needs to be limited to 500mAh.
0	Merchants aren't technically allowed (by payment card industry self-regulation rules as enforced by contractual law with stores that accept credit cards) to decline a transaction based on lack of photo ID. You are supposed to be able to hand your card to anyone and let them make a purchase on your card.
0	Why is everyone freaking out about government turning off your phone? Where in this bill does it mandate that the power to brick the phone lies with a centralized power? There are plenty of ways to make sure only the owner can perform this action.
0	You can get 100 down 6 up for less than $40 in germany.
0	A kinda ELI5 explanation would be that for the model to work, the exact position of literally every electron flying around every atom of the protein has to be calculated. It takes an enormous amount of computing power to do this. I used to do the Folding@Home thing, and have no idea why I stopped. There are people who run dedicated CPU farms just for this project. I learned about it at the OCForums and was on their team a few years ago.
0	Is the pay pass thing on the card easy to hijack from a phone or similar device?
1	Journalism at its finest
1	Yeah, front page of google is not a tech story.
0	why it should be a dying platform, openGL is superior in crossplatform support, flexibility, and performance.
0	"That's definitely true to an extent, but most places doing this thing strictly say ""no tips necessary!"" in the states because it is so out of the ordinary."
0	Belgium has started rolling out contactless terminals, but I have yet to see them being used for actual contactless payments.
0	Interesting, when will i have my shipment of graphene cables and processors?
0	It's a foreshadowing of what could come. Imgur no longer needs reddit to survive. A storm is coming.
0	Then put a jacket on
1	Oh lawd, two people with the same genitals in a consensual, mutually supportive relationship!
0	"""Hmm. It seems George accepted the badge,  went to the break room, and then we lose signal somewhere around the microwave."""
0	I should clarify. I know he wasn't fired. I always wondered why he wouldn't ever go back. Now I believe his ideas are too far out there to make it worthwhile for Apple.. It's too bad really. Apple needs another Steve Jobs. Woz unfortunately is just the opposite.
1	Uncontrolled freedom? Are you out of your fucking mind?
0	can't believe I had to scroll so far down for this.  looks like a James Blake album cover.
0	We need Bitcoin type technology applied to the web as a whole.
0	In general I think most people appreciate his contribution to modern computing and think of him as a likable guy. Certain publications hold him in too high a regard though when it comes to his opinion on things. As other have pointed out here, he's an engineer, not a businessman. Apple's modern success has little to do with him.
0	He never asked for this
0	More like golf cart.
1	This is great, it almost looked like there would be a little competition, thank God they put a stop to that.  Capitalism can't have competition.
0	I'm sure they've considered this.  If this scenario is possible, I don't think it'd be hard for them to put a tolerable threshold to the amount of signals it sends to pain receptors.
1	Oh crap, will my Chromebook be safe?! I don't have any anti-virus running!
0	True. Can't help you there. I find that the speed outweighs the occasional tiny GIF.
0	Sure, they could embed the code in a different manner. My point is that someone needs to actively add the script to do something with the malicious code - passing around an image with embedded javascript isn't going to do anything without a function that extracts and executes the javascript from the image.
0	Half of FB users are incompetent people that add thousands of friends or don't know how to limit the amount of posts coming from certain friends
0	Sounds like something that could be used be certain consumer electronics companies. Warranty info gets programmed in at purchase, once it expires, poof!
1	Well 1 Aston Martin owner is definitely a more significant sample than 1 Toyota owner.
0	I don't know if this is an issue in the Netherlands, but many American ISPs actually don't allow you to run a Fon or any other kind of public WiFi. Having that kind of policy while simultaneity forcing a similar product onto your customers is anticompetitive, at least.
0	"This is America, where corporations regularly fuck us over, and we like it that way!  We proudly proclaim how it's better to be fucked over, because it's in keeping with true ""Free Market"" principles!"
0	They do, it just means 'rubbish' or underwear instead of trousers.
0	The sad thing about this is that glucose really is a clever way of handling energy production.  It works in pretty much all living things, and living things are very good at storing energy and using it appropriately.  So while there may possibly be a true breakthrough to be had using glucose for these purposes, this isn't it.
1	Zombies? What a creative premise! Never expected someone to combine rift with *zombies*, what a creative stroke of genius!
1	That's why you also read the second comment. Duh.
0	It's a sauna.
0	Because the iTunes, Play, and Windows app stores have so many rape and graphic murder apps, makes sense they'd need to preclude having all the effort of adding Chomecast functionality to them while only a couple apps currently work with it and massively used innocent media players like VLC have none.
1	But they're trying to *copywrite* it!
0	That seems a little excessive, don't you think?
0	Nice try, Steve.
0	Soo when do I get my money back?
0	Censorship is bad.
0	I have a Surface Pro and OneNote shines on that device.
0	I actually just went and checked their coverage for my area and places that I travel on their website, it's still way too spotty and has too many dead zones for me to rely on for work. There are still giant swaths of my home state (Arkansas) that are completely uncovered.
1	I'm sure of you switch to another data plan they'll give you your LTE speeds back. It may cost a little more, but you won't be capped.
0	You know, not for nothing; since when has Net Neutrality been on the back burner? We're just going at it from a different direction now.
1	Are people too stupid to have top of the line smartphones??
0	I've been hard pressed to exceed 800gb of data in a month, I can't imagine what he is doing. Torrent much?
0	Am I the only one who is wondering why a 14 year old has an iPhone5?
0	I guess every time I've upgraded a motherboard, I've also upgraded several other things.  Also, I *like* doing reinstalls.  I love the fresh install where I know everything will work perfectly.  Oh, and I have two hard drives so external storage is never needed.
1	So the conclusion is that muslims prefer Yahoo over MS and Google?
0	Fortunately, pretty much everyone uses H.264 these days, so the video just has to be remixed and the audio possibly transcoded, a not-so-demanding task.
0	I prefer to look at the average computer user as a person who has different priorities than tech savvy folk.
0	Absolutely.  It has got to be hard enough just getting things to work right with the different current browsers out there!
0	Free sea creature sex photos all around!
0	For the wired controller, no. I just plugged it in and Windows pulled down the drivers. For the wireless adapter, it wouldn't pull down the drivers automatically so I used the CD that came with it.
0	Not gonna happen, bro -Facebook
1	Same like apple, it's saturated bro. Ppl getting sick of apple products and want to go to PC now, you know? Windows gonna take over and probably join android to increase market share I bet.
0	move fast and don't forget to copyright and trademark
0	a friend traveling in New Zealand right now is finding free WiFi is hard to come by as well.
0	How is launching a hellfire missile into Yemen consistent with Yemen's sovereignty?
0	Im talking about normal typing, no prediction or autocorrect.
0	Mesh networking seems like it won't work coming from what other people say about it. Bitcloud seems like an ideal solution even though its still completely concepts.
1	This is free market capitalism. If you think you can provide a better internet service, start a company!
0	But that's not paying $70 just to get on the plane, which is what you said before. And if you book early enough there are free seats you can select that are next to one another. Also, you can talk to the gate agent and get seated together. I see it happen all the time.
1	WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!!!
0	"If you think the CIA is defacing websites to say ""Hacked by the Syrian Electronic Army. Long live Syria. F*ck the United States government."" then I want a hit of what you're smoking."
0	Ever tried using the upgrade option? It does the same thing as the 8.1 installation.
1	If that was your entire security concern why not install malwarebytes on Windows98SE and have the most secure OS ever?
0	Google moderates their content, therefore they are required by law to do so.  Also, they did remove some links, they just didn't remove others they felt were not running afoul of the law.
1	I love how microsoft put a metro interface on their server operating system. I've seen so many touchscreens attached to servers
0	2/10 would not read insane rant again.
0	The article is pretty poorly written. It states that the research is being done by one research/lobby group, but then goes on to imply that this is the stated intention of all European government. Something like this would be difficult to bring in legally in Europe as it would most likely have to fit the constitutions of all member States. And then individual member States would have to legislate for its implementation, service and use.
0	And you could, the problem is there is nothing between asking for a refund and a lawsuit.
0	Except the president can actually do things. And I use things very loosely. He can state his opinion, but much like a four year old, hardly anyone is going to listen to him seriously.
1	BUT IT'S FOR REAL THIS TIME
0	You picked the wrong carrier.
0	Damn straight. So long as the game plays well, I'll dust off the ol' imagination for the rest, the boobs will be bigger that way.
1	Wow, such a hit.
0	You will not need to buy a subscription if you already have a PRO version now. Each of those suckers is worth a lifetime!
0	No. Season 3 finale episodes, the Archangel Network.
1	that was a very unbiased piece!
0	"It is disconcerting how many laws are based on what politicians see in movies and TV. Like that California politician and the scary 3d-printed ""ghost"" gun."
0	I live in the UK and I had to learn two languages in school - French and Welsh. Both felt like a complete waste of time, especially Welsh. I didn't even speak French when I visited Paris (but I was only there for one day).
0	...Are you sure it wasn't architectural?
1	Jokes on all you people who think this is dumb. When robots are running the world in THE FUTURE you will communicate more often with machines than other humans, especially humans who speak a different language. The machines will solve all our problems and we will have no reason to interact with other meatsacks. I for one praise our new robot overlords, and accept that we must learn their language(s)!
0	I'll check it out, but only because I want this 4s to survive till the new one comes out.
0	Not as long as politicians and lawmakers are receiving brown envelopes.
0	I hope this works it would remove the importance of having isps although they would still be useful.
0	Whoosh
0	Thank you for stating your completely irrelevant opinion.
1	Hurrah!
0	You can put a checksum in the JavaScript I'm sure. That's how most other software downloads are verified for authenticity.
1	I thought posts about cars aren't relevant in this sub?
0	That's a clear-cut case of ALS:  Acronym Lag Syndrome.
1	But I heard that EU is better than the US in all aspects, that is what reddit told me. :( #confused
1	yea begin careful with tax money is so boring.
0	9 out of 10 people get that incredibly obvious joke.
0	Why illuminate the cars ahead of you on the road when you can *vaporize* them?
0	and googling stuff
0	A hash file might end up being a compression saving  of 99.9999% or even better - it would be trivial to incorporate redundant copies of the hash across multiple storage locations.
0	And a compass that doesn't point north.
0	Like the peanut butter, geeffii.
0	I've tried to use handbrake to do it before, but I can almost never get it right. It really mystifies me that these tools aren't more streamlined for this use. Getting videos to play on common devices like 360 and PS3 has to be one of the most common reasons people re-encode stuff!
0	I'm more wanting your internet connection. My max available is 40Mbps. But Usenet seems to be the best alternative to all these private trackers going down etc. Any tips on getting into a decent private tracker?
0	Looks Linux-y.
1	Please contact your Volvo marketing manager.
0	Like an external combustion engine.
1	TIL.
0	"The technology mods implemented a filter to auto-remove any post with the word ""tesla"" in it, citing ""cars aren't technology""."
1	downvoted for not being Tesla
0	hamd is fine
0	Because they don't know any better. . .
0	And is Chairman of SolarCity.
1	starting it and driving it? Like a fucking car? Cars aren't technology, dude! Haven't you heard what the chief ~~neckb~~ moderator guy said?? It never changed. How are electric cars technology? Please explain that to me. They are still vehicles on 4 roads.
0	I mean, you could just buy a greyhound ticket
0	Or an income of greater than $200 000, sounds like a walled garden for me
0	what is with all the deleted comments??
0	Why didn't the mods ban OP?
1	The Teslanet will be here soon.
1	yeah, because conservatives don't trust big business.
0	You can't build a car easily like you can a computer.
0	There's still a tiny jump when it loops, the image isn't perfectly stable in the original.
0	At least he admitted it.
1	I'm sorry but this should be in a wind-power related subreddit or it appears to be favoring one brand of energy over another.
1	Lucky it was just birds effected then by BP!
0	No, its not, now, but when they first came out it was like a week two before china cloned them.
1	Good informative post. Would read again.
0	More specifically, it is windy weather.  When it is hot, the A/Cs turn on, and the windmills slow down.
0	What's the range on most drones?
0	Don't ever buy a Edge. It's just another run-of-the-mill laptop line that happens to have the Thinkpad name and Trackpoint slapped on. If you want a real business-grade laptop, go for T/X/W but most certainly not E.
1	Yep, just keep posting anything with the word Tesla in the title, that's sure to make them realize they totally shouldn't have banned the keyword in the first place.
0	Then you did shitty repair work.
1	No, chest height, aren't you paying attention?  The thing is on my *chest*, not my *knees*.
0	I consider Tesla technology, will I be banned?
1	Of course not, because we all know Apple's motives.
0	Is Editorizing Headlines really helpful or just making us Dumb?
0	Why get the small ones if you have the large obvious ones?
0	This entire idea is based on the assumption that that government offices use inkjet printers, which is false. They are going to use laser printers with toner, and hexadecimal printers with ribbon, both of which are vastly cheaper per page than inkjet.
0	"Because that would take away from the whole point of it being ""hey look at this clever kid finding ways to cut costs"".  Laser cost difference would be substantially less I imagine, and not as big of a deal."
1	you don't say
0	"It's such an elegant solution to saving a ton of money, but wouldn't it be better to maybe _make_ a font that's even better? Humans can read horribly looking glyphs without a problem, so making the letters even thinner will save even more (until you hit the ""we can't read it"" threshold)."
1	does anyone not see how awesome the name is.. it even says 'TRUE PLAYER' in it. clearly it isn't going to be bought by other companies
0	Old ones don't work tho anymore, as the frequencies they used to use are either shut down, or re-purposed to something else, meaning you get no voice.  These probably have a new radio that complies with current standards.
0	Breaking news: Water is wet.
0	It had better come with a mic!
0	I interpret this graph as we're starting to slack off and we need to try harder.
0	I agree, everyone's a winner, can't say hurtful things, I mean what happened to standing up for yourself and fighting the bully?
1	Yes, it's a feature that so many people are demanding that it really slowed down their sales.
0	Yeah, it depends on what you're doing. My spreadsheet needs are pretty simple, and I like being able to easily share them online, collaborate, and have a web-based place they can be viewed by all and updated easily.
1	Yeah because the publications surely won't program in bias or selectively represent data.
0	Verizon should get into standup comedy.
0	Anyone can sue anyone for any reason. Don't feed the nerd trolls.
0	*said to the twenty people who are getting laid off*
1	Quality content in this comment here.
1	"No, no, no, those are ""donations."""
0	While resellers like TS use the same lines, they do provide a better service for less money.  They also provide uncapped service if that's your thing (they dont mind if you download 3TB (yes Tera) per month every month)
0	"""Where's the $200 Billion we gave you and your friends last time you said that, bitch?"""
1	You are correct! Everything needs to be written in assembly from scratch!
1	A pittance.
0	Google Fiber would be such a pain in the ass to install in Manhattan.
1	Oh, they *only made $30 billion in profit*? Then man, I can *totally* understand how they can't afford to provide their customers with the Internet service they're paying AT&amp;T for.
1	I forgot my hand dandy
0	You mean having to actually deliver what you said you would is too big of a burden?  That's too bad.  Have a billion dollar tax subsidy and a guaranteed monopoly, you poor baby.
1	But, greed is good.
0	Personally, I thought that common sense had killed it, but here we are anyway.
0	Best of luck to them.
0	Couldn't be any more corrupt than some of the politicians we have in the US.
0	Scary thought.
0	lol dont cut yourself on that edge lol
0	What is their to argue about though? We surely aren't just going to let millions of Americans go without an income, to live Mad Max style while robot makers and owners live life like the rich people in Elysium. The title for this submission says it all, basic income *has* to be on the agenda because millions of American families living without money or the health insurance money buys is just not an option.
1	Can't wait to play me some VR Farmville!
1	OMG looks like the doors will close tomorrow. Sorry everyone that works there. This is just too much for them to handle. They can't afford this!!!!
0	ANARCHY! COMMUNISM! BURN IT!!!!
0	That would have been just as bad, the windows 8 interface is ridiculously difficult to navigate on my laptop (I'm still considering upgrading to windows 7), but it would be so much more difficult in VR.
0	Unless you think it's a structural problem with hoe Kickstarter is used.
0	It would have happened anyway.  You're trying to describe Facebook as some innovative company when all they do is shove ads in your face and mine your personal info.
0	Plus piles and piles of priceless hype and publicity.
1	But I want money for my *donation*.
0	Got it, in hindsight I'm obviously fucking retarded for ever using that website when they explicitly put it like that.
1	something something 9gag
0	You guys actually believe this. And that is hilarious to me.
0	You have no idea what you're talking about
1	Oh man, Farmville is going to look SO good with Oculus
1	Because it's not Google!
0	You didn't invest in it. As much as you want to believe you did, you didn't. There are federal laws in place that make it illegal for companies to get investments this way. There's a reason why they gave you a dev build. It was the fulfillment of their end of the deal. You didn't invest in anything.
0	They plan on turning the 1080 display into just one giant splash banner for Farmville.
0	But the $2.4 mln from Kickstarter isn't even 3% of the $91 mln Oculus has raised in total (ignoring Facebook.) People are overestimating the value of the Kickstarter campaign, which I think has been more useful for PR and attracting actual investors.
0	Thing is the business side can die off and someone else will take up the cause. There has been a lot of breakthroughs recently from Valve working with Oculus.
0	RIP Oculus. Now I'm waiting for Valve's version instead.
0	Damn you, Ticketmaster!
0	You mean more *agile*.
1	Fuck them!  I gave $10.  They should consult me on every single business decision they make for the rest of time.
0	Who is Henry Ford?
0	Yeah......... there is this thing called a contract. Look it up sometime
0	I'm sure King is already working on it.
0	Were they around 9 years ago?
0	Because you know exactly what the NSA has access to and you personally checked each line of code for a back door.
0	Oculus RIP'd
0	That's is when he lose it and start the carmakgedon
0	You're right, having the data of millions of people is totally not a form of power.
0	Such a thing doesn't actually exist, and I doubt that it's possible.
1	Cause Google has a horrible track record with prototype projects
0	I feel like the backers should be refunded their money or at least given a new upgraded version. 2B is a lot of money
1	Hey!!! They made that Poke app in like 72 hours and that thing was the most innovative thing ever.
0	At least Sony got into VR and hopefully they can take it somewhere other than social bullshit apps.
1	Yeah who uses Facebook anymore?
0	You could always download my reality; I am hosting it for free.
1	Time to start up one of those facebook petitions. 1 Like = Facebook shouldn't buy Oculous. 1 Share = Facebook should buy Oculous.
1	I can't wait to play FarmVille in 3d!
0	Not about exactly this, but here's the chapter from the Feynman book about textbook selection shenanigans.
0	Except that all of Google's products feed back into search.
0	Imagine how annoying the lightbox viewer will be now
0	Well, there's Safilo, too, although not nearly as big.
0	Office 2010 runs in Wine, LibreOffice basically is office. Chrome runs natively better than on Windows (or at least the same with better font rendering).
1	But it's old news.
0	Modern Microsoft is an absolute laugh riot
0	Windows 8.1 is a perfectly fine OS with great boot times, quit it with the circlejerk.
0	Usable RAM.
0	It's more like NSA PR control
0	they probably will, only because of the US government and hospitals.
0	"Also, this is not a ""credit"", its a prepaid debit card, that comes 3 to 6 weeks after you buy the computer, so it cannot even be used to pay for the balance, since pre-paid cards cannot be used to pay down credit cards."
0	So you are a guy pirate now?
0	Glasses should be first... Fuck contact lens wearers.
0	They have phone CPU's that run x86 along with 128GB microSD cards. All the technology exists except for the battery to handle sending all the data you need to route for the mesh network. Your phone gets decent battery life because it spends most of its time with the radio on stand by. If it was constantly running your battery life would be terrible. Try running a torrent app on an Android phone and see what its battery life is like while downloading.
0	I guess this will be somewhat useful at music festivals where there is no cell coverage, but I bet that the mesh network gets overwhelmed with too many users and fails in that case.
0	That's exactly what I meant.
0	He probably wouldn't be able to prove it. He said he doesn't want to reveal the company name, and if they're as skittish about terrorism as he says I'm sure taking photos inside the mine is not encouraged.
0	Yeah totally, but the former is a calculated intrusion by a small group of people with particular goals, and the latter is a complex interplay of innumerable factors that, while horrible and despicable, can't reasonably be expected to change.
1	Didn't they accuse google of this? No, no, no google uses automated readers, much worse than mirosoft's human readers.
1	Why are the Universities of Maryland turning to communism?  Why do the professors there hate capitalism so much?  The entire university system should just up and move to China!
0	We're talking about colleges here, where, despite public institutions and government accreditation, there is absolutely a free market at work. You don't have to pay for your textbooks in middle school.
0	Would you rather have a lot of Netflix's customers get screwed in the meantime? I think this is a good move.
0	Except for some research locked in paid databases one can learn quite a lot without paying tuition anywhere.  Not saying that coursera makes in person courses obsolete, but I think that whereas access to knowledge there is still more that one can access for little more than the cost of a decent Internet connection.
0	when it comes to policing the internet, yes. in some aspects id say the uk are worse.
1	"Good thing all those people switching to Microsoft are not getting ""SCROOGLED"" and chose a provide their ""respects"" their privacy"
1	You're right, only the poorest people should see improvements in their wages and working conditions.
0	"It hurts employees if it is just two major companies or the whole industry. You don't get to set an arbitrary point and say it's okay as long as it isn't industry-wide. Is it good business sense if 49% of the companies in an industry do it but collusion if its 50%? Wherever you set the bar, it is completely arbitrary. And you can say that almost any anti-competitive business practice is ""good business sense"" because it saves a company money. It doesn't mean that it is moral or should be legal."
1	Maybe Bob should pull himself up by his bootstraps and acquire billions in capital and found his own competing business!
1	Bullshit, those freeloaders will just spend it on fresh salmon.
0	According to the article, installation is $300 broken up into $25/mo increments. No monthly fee after that. That is very reasonable.
1	Nah, just fine them 10% of the profits they made in this move, that'll teach em.
0	Hermitage?
1	What are you?  Some sort of pinko commie?
0	Biometrics should not be used as a password or an encryption key as biometrics usually can not be changed. Biometrics should be used as a user-identifier and combined with a password/pin.
0	Always blame OSHA.
0	I used to think if we could get a la carte cable and just pay for the channels we want, we would do so, but now I'm not even sure we'd do that since the quality of the programming has declined so much. In a sense though, I guess that's what people are doing with the web.
0	You could either try and get your ISP's router menu, or stick that filthy unfiltered web connection to a cheap router that supports DD-WRT and control everything from there.
0	Typo, they meant to say, 'forgotten wallets'
0	We do really need to take better care of the environment, all the tasty animals are going extinct.
0	After working tech support, a LOT of people still use it. Also AOL, juno, and one person still had Netscape (the big green N)
1	Have you tried rebooting your modem? Your computer? Try re-installing Windows.
0	Yeah, let's see you take it so cavalierly when it goes from 50 to below zero in September. You've been acclimated.
0	Rambo style?
0	They are just charging us remaining customers more now :(
0	I only pay $30/mo for internet-only service through Comcast.  It's a reliable 20-25 mbps, which is more than sufficient for our needs.  They ran a special several months back and I jumped on it.
0	Would be badass if all the major leagues signed an agreement into this. I'd pay as much as I would for cable of I had REAL access to sports on something like this. I don't follow all sports, but I'd rather watch any random sport than some random show on cable
0	wow that's a lot for tv lol
0	"This is probably the stupidest argument ever, held by those people who are so near sighted they can't focus more than a day in advance. First off, do you know what's amazing about batteries? There are multiple ways to make them, it is entirely feasible that we can create a battery which has less of a toll on the environment. You know what else is great about batteries? They can be charged by any source of energy which is available. People always say ""You're just charging them on coal!"" First off, in my district all this charging is done off of hydro and solar, so A. you're wrong, and B. it is entirely possible to produce energy from sources other than coal!! Who would have thought, coal isn't made of electricity. I apologize for being overly facetious, but that what happens when someone is being overly obtuse. You can power batteries off of solar, as a matter of fact Tesla's super charging stations run off of solar, a lot of houses in my state run off of solar. The beautiful thing about a electricity is that it can be produced by tons of different sources. This means that when all is said and done as technology advances to produce better more efficient sources of energy, electrical vehicles can switch to that source of energy for their charging needs. Try that with a combustion egine."
1	The disposable ones?
0	Roku 3
1	Would like to have this built into a keyboard! then maybe i can use windows 8!!
1	When it said it was going for cigarettes?
0	Riiight, nothing says waste like the UN World Food Program or other agencies... You're full of shit nobody does aid like governmental organizations.
1	Yeah, why are people blaming Bush just because there are mountains of evidence indicating Bush started these programs, such as PRISM?
0	It's an analytics company. Data gathering, machine learning, and predictive analysis are kinda what they do. In a way, they're just dogfooding their own product.
0	UNICEF, March of Dimes. Modern charities are abysmal, but they haven't always been.
0	What... secrets on how to play catch up?
0	Exterminate! Exterminate! We are the Daleks!
0	Wow, that's nearly 9.5 minutes of gross revenue! Brutal!
0	I'm not sure if I should open a link from a person who submits a PDF to reddit.
1	Yep, that's why there's such an abundance of jobs in the USA. There are not enough workers, employers will keep on just about anyone.
0	"fOR EveRy anNimAl you DoN""t EaT, I'lL EaT THREE."
0	Everything causes genetic mutation. Every species adapts and mutates over time to changing environments. When that environment suddenly includes an immediately hostile agent such as pollution or radioactive material, evolution occurs far more quickly. In just a few generations the population will have either been wiped out, or gotten lucky and had some mutation that helped them survive.
0	"Then why did you ask that question ""How the fuck is property theft""?"
0	There are *plenty* of people under 50 who suck at it.
0	Delete it
0	And if he did, ***he*** would be fucking animals.
0	Yeah, that's what it sounded like to me too.  They'd pretend to be teenage girls on facebook and get teenage boys to send them naked pictures.  Of course it's all bad, but I guess there are a lot worse things they could have done?  20 years to life actually seems a bit excessive if there's no evidence of actual child molestation, especially considering that real, actual child molestation typically carries a sentence of 5-10 years on average in the US.
0	Because it is a horrible, horrible experience.  At the tiny local ISP I started my career at, one in ten users were frequent callers - now, you have a million consumer grade customers, you'vegot to handle probably a hundred thousand annoying customers a week with bizarre problems only tangentially related to their internet connection.  Or something that is entirely subjective, like their perceived internet experience which may be beyond their control.  Those are the customers that cost more to have than they pay for service, the othe nine out of ten subsidies them.
1	hey buddy, you're spot on. cut right you the heart of the matter.
0	dumbass, your laws work in your country only.
0	I think Shiroi_Kage was agreeing that both Executive AND Legislative branch are raging cunts and shouldn't be excised from the rest of the shitty government.
0	Wait, what? How is that not false advertising?
0	When I think vaporware I think something from a kickstarter that is just an idea or in prototyping - Not something with a multiple videos from the devs about the construction, development and application of it performed on produced models. (Talking about moto here not Google's vids).
0	I'm pretty sure there is safeguard in the terms of use to protect them from being liable for that.
0	Probably because they already moved through all of the more obvious explanations.  This startlingly simple theory was probably one of the first things explored.
0	Race to the bottom.
1	What's content? Is that like old movie file and stuff?
0	Stop growing fucking corn. BOOM.
0	No keyboard shortcut associated with it, extra steps to upload it.
0	Bill Gates says more things to justify his business practices while running Microsoft of shifting jobs away from Americans to take advantage of cheaper labor elsewhere like India. And how he can see that practice be taken to the absolute extreme, removing humans from almost all jobs. Why is this news?
1	NOPE. Evolution doesn't exist, therefore that worm cannot possibly have evolved.
0	I have windows 8 on a laptop... I hate that I am doing one thing then it pops me to the touch screen interface without even asking... I have a opinion that is mine and mine alone... FUCK WINDOWS 8
0	Just go with Ubuntu.
1	What can I say? My life has been CRAZY!
0	The fact that they will start to encroach on skilled, most people seem blissfully unaware. When it starts to happen even the most anti luddite will have to start to admit we have a problem that CAN NOT be fixed by demanding people educate themselves.
1	Government on it's knees for big business? Pssh... that'll *never* happen.
1	Why? Its not like prisoners have rights to be violated.
0	Hmm that's possible. But when do we reach the point where every rhythm/ art subject has already been done and creativity repeats itself?
0	No, i meant travel faster than light.
1	Because doing otherwise would be unconstitutional and turn the world into the soviet union.
0	So then why has population and technology been constantly increasing throughout history, and yet most of us still have jobs and even the poorest among us live in more comfort than the 1% of 300 years ago?
0	Why is that an issue? Let them leave.
0	"That's a fair point. ""All-time"" is clearly an inaccurate phrase. I should have said ""a historic low."" Good catch."
1	Because they might, maybe, someday, in the future have some good games, duh! Sure, right now it's all rehashes of last gens games but someday Last Guardian might come out.
0	"Encryption itself is hard enough for them to understand. Now throw in words like ""ephemeral"" and they won't know the difference from magic."
1	but they did it because they wanted to learn
0	Mmmm earth crust.
0	Science pls
0	ok
0	At first I thought this was saying Steve Jobs told his top employees not to watch TV
0	The bill only affects EU customers inside the EU. If a Verizon customer visits Europe they'll pay roaming fees, just as if a Vodafone customer visits the states.
0	Oh my fucking **GOD**, learn how to fucking communicate. I just spent 3 whole minutes trying to decipher this bullshit only to realize that you can't grammaticize or punctuate.
1	I think the robot cheated.  I demand a test for lubricants and other performance enhancers!
1	Red Hat Linux...obviously.
0	So you are admitting you're wrong? Cool.
1	Only 90's kids would understand
0	Not bullshit, but a step in the right direction. It will still be a long time before this can be used to print out replacement organs. The first major use of this technology will be in creating tissues for pharmacological studies, reducing the need for lab animals.
0	It's 200 KB, it must just be a front end to IE/Trident.
0	I didn't know Xbox was a company.
1	I'm giving up my github account immediately.
1	No it was the consumers who didn't understand how forward thinking and innovative their ideas were.
0	with no patents and copyright do you know who owns all ideas? Thos that can bring it to the market fastest....otherwise known as the wealthy.
1	But I got my BS in Mechanical Engineering 10 years ago and had to take at least 8 units of physics and an EE lab.  I vaguely remember one of my professors (he couldn't speak very good English) telling me that inductance had something to do with distance.  So based on that, I'm pretty sure this article is bullshit.
0	"That's like the ""Drink responsibly"" message they add to alcohol commercials..."
0	...can you explain why?
0	Use it as an RSS feed like I do and you'll see a use of twitter for the less hardcore facebook types.
0	"I have a G+ page, which works 90% fine, and I set the name on my G+ account to ""Poke Pokechu"".  So I am safe."
0	Completely unfair that you're getting down voted for saying that. YIFY torrents are macroblock city.
1	Didn't you know? Everything on the internet is supposed to be free forever
0	Considering that's the biggest reason the other giants are a problem, I'm going to say no it's not in our interests.
1	This should end well.
0	Yeah when I see that the only figure they give is unqualified like that I'm immediately skeptical.
1	I'll mount my nutsack for extended periods on whatever I like tyvm
0	When you're far enough into Reddit that shit like this is popping up, its time to stop.
0	Then the average person is an idiot.
0	You do realize that the same thing was said in 1950, 1960, 1970, 1980, 1990, 2000 and 2010. People's reality change as they age. I am 48. I agree with this and 90% of what I read that 'young people' seem to espouse. There are many things I disagree with and with age my perception has change. People who think and observe often change their viewpoint often in life and it is a sign of intelligence and growth. Don't be so hard in thinking and try to see the other persons viewpoint, it may change your mind at times or it may open you up to other viewpoints at least. Either way, hoping that a generation dies off sooner will not necessarily bring what you want.
0	Uh, it is corruption? Why wouldn't it be? Since when has government operated without corruption?
0	The US civilians would have to be absolute retards to try and overthrow the government over something like this. We are talking about deaths here.
0	Because no matter what, the internet is the last truly free place they have yet to make theirs. Net neutrality is gone, soon this will be too if they have their way.
1	Yea. Corporations are literally the devil. And Hitler. Down with all corporations!!!!!!! Kill them all!!!!!!
0	And I thought the trend is to try to cramp everything into 1 device, like how our phones are really GPS, Camera, mini tablets, workstation, TV, AND a phone combined
0	Just die already.
0	Until the next giant industrial monopoly comes along. This is a systemic issue and what we really need to start pushing is voting reforms.
1	Yes, those people who voted for Nader in 2000 *really* sent a message to the Democrat party
0	I don't think apple would be the ones to do that, After all they sell content en mass. Google on the other hand makes most of its money from ads and other services, They would be the ones to do such a thing.
0	Someone make a website listing the representatives supporting the bill.
1	Yeah, because protecting user data is so evil
0	Sweet baby jesus, I am ecstatic. (I live in San Antonio).
0	Let me know how your plan of having everyone move works out
0	Plaintext searches will still be made available to the NSA.
0	And the meat is still frozen. And the meat is shit. And it's not frozen now. And it smells really bad. And they're the only frozen meat not meat but warm shit slinger in town. And you really need it.
1	But now they have twice as many employees to pay!
0	The person you spoke to was wrong. Just buy a Motorola Surfboard 6141 and be done with it.
1	Needs an
0	https  is encrypted.  you see it in your browser but nobody besides you and google can see your search query.  all a MITM can see is that you're going to an SSL encrypted site on google.  you see it in your browser because your browser can decrypt the info.
0	Thanks for the tip. Yeah after some searches it seems like reliability is an issue for many users. I guess I'll stick with Dropbox for the time being.
0	nope. :(
0	Then I will modulate their appendage!
0	In four years, start grad school, and then get an academic job for four more years, then switch jobs to a different school four years after that.
0	Awareness.
0	I am not sure the current intergovernmental telecommunications standardization bodies would allow it. That is the whole point.
1	He almost succeeded, he found the Indians.
0	Maybe it's like a test to make sure the civilization is mature enough for contact. They could use advanced methods of communication that we would only pick up on once we reached a certain level of technology. Think of the prime directive.
0	Any and all data usage does. My phone only does 3G and definitely affects the cap. :/
1	I too love the challenge of 1200ms ping, in games.  It's like everyone is teleport hacking!
0	the next Final Fantasy is gunna be siiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiick
1	I gave up on FIOS a long time ago; here's hoping my great great great grandchildren will get it.
1	So we do have a choice
0	I have a choice between overpriced broadband, way overpriced DSL and some sort of satellite bullshit.
0	1st world problems at their finest
0	Oh yeah, 4G too. I would lose unlimited if I upgraded though, of course.
0	If the USA writes it: All your base are belong to us.
0	Stop calling my mom, it freaks her out.
1	Clearly, they stated they were a rocket scientist.
0	It really does get confusing... And then there is a computer science part that would be more electrical work..not my cup of tea.
0	Maybe it's aimed at the kind of people who use a headphone amp and expensive headphone?
0	Thanks Tim DRM-Lee!
0	Just south of Clarkston.
0	Move to Atlanta or Knoxville in the South, then tell me how great Comcast is with their 300 GB cap per month.  Any amount of Netflix streaming with multiple people in the household eats that up.  Meanwhile their on demand services do not.
0	but how would we get to the internet in our dropbox without the internet outside of the dropbox?
0	Peverley is doing okay. It was scary, but not tragic.
0	But wouldn't it make it easier to frequently change addresses?
0	Depending on the server you choose, you can game with it. I have 40ms latency with the Texas PIA server for example. Granted yeah it's not teens/low twenties but as long as you're not playing international level CS, Star Craft, or fighting games you're good for just about anything else.
0	I use mullvad.. they have 3 or 4 outlets across the world. about 5 usd or so per month.
0	Piracy was by and large the majority of traffic and storage on megaupload. That's not the case with VPNs by any stretch of the imagination.
0	Because they state that they don't do it and that's as good as you can hope for, which is opposed to the guys that state that they do because that's how they pay for the service.
0	What's the profit motive for investing in the grid?
0	Make your own. A cheap VPS with your choice of any of the BSDs or Linux makes a great VPN. OpenBSD comes with a bunch of VPN stuff in the base, but I'm also a bit bias.
0	Things I don't give a shit about, minutes.
1	*But don't you want to hear their side?*
1	Put your internal documents on the cloud for anyone in your area to see!
0	FYI, lots of big cities have parks nicer than suburbs.
0	Look at the price of movies. $3 an episode is pretty damn reasonable. It comes out to around the same price per minute as 2 hour and 20 minute movie, on average. It's cheaper than shorter movies.
0	Raspberry pi with Raspbmc support would be cool too.
0	Not the rest of your life. As long as the service is still available and googles servers can verify your device and account. This was the entire issue with the xbone. If the service is dropped there goes your content.
0	I'm really excited for the future of PVC's. I'd like to see some really thin lightweight cells that can power UAV's.
0	NSA just ordered a hundred million.
0	Empty threats and harassment. The license fee blokes have no authority and you don't have to let them in
0	"I don't know how Comcast does it, but I know Suddenlink kills your connection until you acknowledge their little ""stop using the internet to do things you're paying to be able to do"" notice."
0	Good LTE signal everywhere I go in my entire city. Metropolis size.
0	But I'm surrounded by college students.
0	Seattle has the cheapest electricity rates in the country (3 cents per KWH) and is 98.89% clean and renewable.
0	Making an EMP blast is pretty easy. Getting any kind of range would be harder, tough...I think a butterfly net would be more effective.
1	People like Windows Phones? Must be paid shills! Can't possibly be the fact that people actually do like the platform, no, that would be crazy!
0	Rare earth metals are already dirt cheap and easy to find and plentiful.
1	"I can see that.  ""Hey look, this phone totally looks like that new desktop on my PC that everybody loves so much."""
0	What I'm more interested in is how that 25-30% went to less than 5% in just two years.
0	"I see ""never waste money on sporting clays again for trap shooting."""
0	I have a droid with slide out keyboard, the best of both worlds.
0	The only solution is to declare war on the concept of declaring war on concepts.
0	She'll be right.
0	No idea. It's a satellite band, but also US gov dual use. No one admits to using it.
1	Hmm. Sounds like a good way to make some fast money with settlement trolling, since people are heavily encouraged to settle. If it goes to court, then abandon the suit. Mitigate your risk by going after fuzzy cases and less funded people. Rinse and repeat.
0	They have a very large user base though. If people actually cared about having a good internet connection, Telenor would be very small in Norway. Their internet is really shitty compared to competitors on fiber and cable.
0	Specifically about the death of cash and what alternatives there are. As it reads right now the writer sounds like a paid shill doe mpesa.
0	They hardly do today.
0	"So should we make pointing out that not making ""making that a thing"" a thing is a thing in (Scanners head explosion)"
0	CB bands are not licensed.
0	What gets taken down can be torrented.
0	All it takes is one, but there are plenty to go around.
0	Then they'll just go for the neck.
0	Fair Use has a very specific set of qualifications, and can be challenged.
0	I like heroin, too!
1	Only a terrorist would do such a thing.
0	Would have to know how these numbers are derived before any real conclusion can be drawn from them.
0	The logo was already in her original kickstarter, I sincerely doubt she contracted anyone to make it.
1	By the pixels.
0	That's because you're a special snowflake :-)
0	So? Why does that malign my purpose? Should we just not talk about such realities that arise with new technologies? I'm more than happy to let the cat out of the bag. Information is free friend.
1	Riiiiiiight, Mozilla barely scrapes by. . .
0	Samsung used to make crap products. I remember their televisions, stereos, phones, etc about 15 years ago and it was cheap crap. They've came a long ways and now are quite the juggernaut. I respect that.
0	Because they're a cartel? Because they run an entire country via manipulation?
0	Haha I'm for market liberalism,  wherever it is.
0	Right, so not a statute then and you've proven my point.  Thanks.
0	Welcome to the rabbit hole.
0	Which time?
0	"The is no such thing as ""the Linux operating system""."
0	Well, that's one of the only things we have, yes.
0	If we have to the Airforce has craft capable of orbital satellite repair and delivery to the ISS. But likely they will look to private companies.
0	It used to be better. At least Margaret Thatcher didn't give a fuck about what people thought of her.
1	It's not? How could such hole even exist in the first place? Let's hope that lawmakers everywhere rectify this as top priority.
0	From what I experienced so far, Ninite installs the latest version of everything, I guess, directly from the source. However, later updates you have to do yourself.
1	Oh no! How dare someone not take time out of their day that they could be using to make more money to install a program for me when I don't plan on paying them anything! They are the worst kind of person amirite?
0	"""My Microsoft is broken."""
0	I want you to come to my house and install toilet paper on the roller every time I run out.  For free.  You don't have to pay for the toilet paper.  But you are going to perform the service without compensation and you're going to like it.
0	Think of it this way though. Some random dude comes to Apple with a death certificate and an iPad and asks for access. Apple asks for some sort of proof they own the iPad. The dude in question has no serial number in the will, no proof of purchase that matches the deceased's name, and they don't even know the username for the account on the device. Why should Apple unlock it?
0	90k people a year die due to excessive alcohol use.  We need to prohibit alcohol.
1	Stopping criminals from getting into data and making a device not worth stealing is totally lame.
1	Oh, that makes all the difference then!
0	Couldn't you use a remote desktop app(Splashtop, etc) on a current tablet and just run Civ on your desktop?  It basically just streams the game from your PC to your tablet and since Civ isn't a game that really relies on quick/lag free gameplay, I would think it would work fine.  Maybe I'm missing something?
0	The lawyer that signed the will should have considered it. That's his job.
0	elected representatives. They are not our leaders.
0	So what?  Safes, deposit boxes and houses are also protected with keys or combinations, yet those things are given to the heirs.
0	There is a difference between missing the point and saying that the point is irrelevant.
0	He lunged at me with the sharp edge of the can; he had to be put down! You're all witnesses and your phones are evidence.
0	How do you math? It is a $15 difference.
0	I have a Roku 2. It's pretty awesome.
1	When you're as powerful and respected as Yahoo is, I guess you can do anything.
0	Who would have thought a kiddie trading card site couldnt handle proper security.
0	It's like Twitch plays Pokemon, but for sorting.
0	I didn't have a degree until my 30's and was a damn good coder before then. (The skills have degraded over the years, sadly.) I now have a PhD and don't feel any different at all. But I always jack my ego up by a few orders of magnitude and swing my credentials around like a MoFo whenever anybody says degrees matter more than skills.
0	you're blinding yourself. you see the two party system is broken but you think somehow people are to blame for not voting third party. all analyses of fppp voting show that it eventually becomes a two-party system, but no! people just need to have more spine.
1	No, see, you're a ~~woman~~ female, you *can't* be good at it. It *had* to be special preference and affirmative action.
0	You aren't wrong.  The vast majority of the income disparity originates in child rearing responsibilities and how they are divvied up within the relationship of the parents.  However since this is the case, the focus being in the public sphere as opposed to the private is disingenuous.  You can't solve an imbalance in peoples' private lives by changing business policies.
1	Paying celebrities to use products at big events has never been done before
0	Yes, if they wanted to. But they're less likely to want to. Probably because of biases in our culture and education administrations.
0	Damn, where can i buy weak and dead batteries now?
0	"""Man, this crack is so expensive, I'm getting ripped off! I'll take you to court for this shit man!"""
0	Radio Shack still exists?
1	Colleges should make that a prerequisite to getting your degree... If it can be done in business I don't see why it couldn't be done in education.
0	AWD mule for sure
0	The funny part is Google reads your e-mails now and knows everything about you passively but no one cares
1	Corporations are evil, get with it man.
1	Surveillance inflation thru overcharging good for us the government won't let our taxes be abused
0	I don't know about AI. I personally would prefer JARVIS(Iron Man 1-3) over Cortana myself, a partner that I am in control of rather than another sentient being that can defy me.
0	You're probably grinding too finely.
1	...and I am sure Microsoft is totally aware that most businesses running Windows XP and older do so because it is so costly to purchase newer versions of the software that the business requires to operate.  Sometimes exceeding $20k for just a single station.
0	I'm going to design a website that tells you if your computer or device is powered on and charge people $5 a pop to use it.
0	might wanna touch-up that screenshot
0	Not sure, I am quite happy with Thunderbird
0	Sprint deserves to lose for selling out the public to the Government.
0	Couldn't you get a decent, you know, REAL laptop for about $350?
0	I tried using Boomerang, which does the same thing but also allows you to schedule new emails, and couldn't get it to work in Firefox.
0	And in the internet bind them.
0	Valve holding their character hostage to one platform? Not going to happen.
0	After thoroughly reviewing both possibilities, I would have to go with the first, although for personal reasons I will investigate the second a little further.
0	Someone will discover something.  I wouldn't be surprised at all if a handful of exploits are being sat on right now, waiting for that final day of support to lapse.
1	Will Windows 7 work with my AOL and cable internet? Can I have Bonzai Buddy?
0	It's pretty specific that the DMCA didn't grant new powers to copyright for this use, though.
0	You just drank GMO plastic coffee. Enjoy your syphilaids cancer next week.
1	Yay! Now it will be a felony to make your new keurig able to use refill cups.
1	Wow, this is a *much* better idea than fixing the mechanical problems that plague Keurig machines across the board.
0	You know the old joke about Linux bring free only if your time is worth nothing, right?
1	It is good to see other companies building on the success the MPAA and RIAA has had with DRM!
1	"It's literally extortion though. Buy a new Surface or find yourself 6 ft below New Jersey with a bagfull of Lime. Ask any MS employee ""How the fuck am I funny?"" in a Joe Pesci voice and you may end up with concrete boots at the bottom of a river."
0	$70 for a decent printer, $10 or less for 2,500 pages worth of toner.
1	But Microsoft is evil and everything they do is bad.
0	"Don't worry, they added ""filter sexts"" as an option. Lol"
0	Sorry to disappoint. 2 Hondas.
0	At $20-30 a pop, with one coming out every year or two. That starts to add up.
0	Deepin, definitely. It is Win7ish. It has cool looking default apps. Almost everything (Chrome, WPS, Skype, etc.) is installed by default. It will make the process a (relatively) simple one.
0	Does Model S UI use gestures other than tap and slide?
1	Ageism at its best - old people can't learn new things
0	If comscore was even on the same planet as reliable, that is.
1	Yes it can, it can use youtube facebook *and* reddit!  What else is there for computers to do?
0	I frankly think that isn't really a great metaphor as both are voluntary and basically for fun. Although I do suspect that marathons are more motivating I would tie that to the pressure of achieving in public (which may have more to do with competitive motivation than anything else). I get your point though and mine is not that one is better than the other. I suspect if it was studied in detail differences would be found the the kind of solution as well as who is more motivated by what kind of competitive pressure.
0	If apple hasnt offered 1b+usd for it..then its not ready to usurp google maps. (Yet)
1	Of course!  And to be against it, means being a job-destroyer, right?!?
0	You can use graphene as a fast conductor but that's it.
1	can you still wave your hand over the phone to answer it? If not, not buying
0	I know he's talking about his phone. It's still a computer.
0	Best post here.
0	I really don't think he really understands net neutrality. It seems like every little bit, something is coming out about Verizon doing something contrary to it, all in the name of profit.
0	they overcharge on the lower end. how bout 5$ for fios for people who just browse the web. oh no its 89.99 a month for 15/5 . sorry but his argument cuts both ways. Hes making bank on the underutlization of millions.
0	"Rearrange the letters in ""Lowell McAdam"" and you get ""Acme wall mold""."
0	statement on my state of knowledge on the subject not who I am.
1	oh that's so much better!!!
0	I disagree. If a customer is led to believe that they will have 16 GB of space to do as they please when they buy the phone, they should have it. Not everyone can just turn around and buy an SD card.
1	All mention of loops has been removed from the article. I wonder why...
0	That's what surprised me the most, what the Hell?
0	Type keyboard, the touch takes a while longer to get used to, but both are full-size.
0	Shocking.
0	Greed. Profit. Back room deals. Hand shake. Probably a grant involved somewhere in there too.
1	Well women are worse at driving in general based on all of the videos of them trying to drive.
0	I use Spotify and maps!
0	I believe the cutoff for UberX is 2005 for your car. It must also be in good working order and insured. They make you take pictures of the car and do a background check of you.
1	Yeah, attacking them personally is a good way to sway them.
0	If they keep taking things and ignoring us, eventually it will be fought for.
0	Work is hard! I don't want to do my job.  But I still want to be paid.
1	No no, this is more like if you don't pay, than you are stuck in the SLOW lanes.
0	I cant stop laughing over this.  The event as it happened had to be freakin hilarious.  Hope the hacker pushes the video out at some point.
1	I think you mean socialism, and too-lazy-to-work days, you damn commie.
0	The Golden Age of the internet is now coming to a close. The Dark Ages are about to begin.
1	Except for my guy.  Your guy the messed up one.
0	England's sure *isn't* one.  Their three party system is literally our two party one, just with the two parties occasionally changing names.  You can see it in the lists of parliment seat changes over time by party.  When one party gain seats, it's always at the loss of *one* other party, not both.  Almost like the gainer is taking the platform of the loser, rather than creating a more appealing platform in general.
0	Trust it more than I trust the companies themselves.
1	"No it has a password, the default one "" admin admin"" no one will ever figure it out."
1	There's no way that could be abused at all.
0	Do people seriously believe anything that comes out of his mouth now? He lies so much it is truly sickening. How can anyone trust him?
1	They've done such a great work with radio and TV, consolidating them all into super corporations, so I don't see why we shouldn't let them control the Web.
0	The Internet is about buying things, doncha know?
1	We just need our government to regulate them even more! That will fix the problem!!!!
0	She won't need to compromise her values because she doesn't have any.
1	Home addresses?
0	hmm.. weird.
0	Because they are cool dude!
1	There's a limited supply of internet! We can't just hand out all that internet for free!
0	you do understand you pay your ISP for access to netflix servers right?
0	And the computers still have tubes in them.
0	When your drug dealer raises prices.
0	I did not see an option to tag it like I see in other subs.
0	This post has been removed. The title was editorialized. If you'd like you can try altering the URL slightly and resubmitting this with the correct title.
1	Yea, it's not like people move from place to place.
0	You can one up that by going digital but without the DRM locks, thus having the ability to carry the whole archive on a object the size of a fingernail.
0	Pissing away our money and eroding our privacy.
0	No one uses IE anymore so this is not an issue.
0	Because you already know what the outcome will be, due to past cases involving privacy...or the lack thereof.
0	Are there any areas where TWC and Comcast are currently competing? Or do they already not compete and make sure their borders stay separate? If there's no overlap, I don't see how they would really be changing the landscape by merging tbh.
1	Yeah it would be best to just abandon America to the corporations! Funding a group lobbying against big cable is stupid!
0	what do you want my answer to your question to be?
1	$3,500 versus the millions avoided in fair compensation - at least the big corporations are going to learn their lesson.
0	The problem is complacency. Death by a thousand cuts. They will never be dumb enough to really force you to make a move. Slowly take it away so your children's children have no idea.
0	MONSTER DIP! M-M-M-MONSTER DIP!!! ...GODLIKE!!
0	Wow, Cox... thanks... I guess?
1	In the words of Civilization 5: *A likely story.*
0	Makes sense I don't blame you.
0	Why are we entitled to not have people read our mail, anyway?
0	Huh.  I thought for sure you had it in queen city.  My bad.  Sux.
0	I don't think it would be very popular. Unless I can get to my state dmv and local government billing sites. Then I would prefer sso just so I don't have to remember 4 or 5 login credentials.
0	I like guns and other freedoms the USA allows. I do almost all my internet unlimited on my phone or anonymously at work. I see no reason for the government to track what porn I watch. Verizon does already I'm sure.
1	**WELL THIS SOUNDS SECURE.**
1	Yeah only the US government is benevolent enough to ~~spy on~~ control, police the internet. There is no doubt about that!!
0	dude seriously, I think 2015/2016 will likely be the time I end my addiction to the internet. Ill check emails but that is it. This fuckn sucks.
0	No thanks I don't want to be part of their botnet
0	Yea you can't blame it on technology. Now I have always slept with the TV on, and it never keeps me up. I guess no noise is loud to me.
0	Yeah you need to hold back a small but important part of the video from the p2p net, like the header.
0	The moms are already on facebook and have been for several years now. Yet we don't see young people leaving facebook en-masse, nor do we see a spike in teens refusing to join.
0	So, why don't you go create your own sub-reddit, called technology with no politics and have at it. That seems to be the response to every complaint about how a sub-reddit is run. I actually like politics in my technology, politics is literally inescapable in real life, so it makes sense it pervades online life as well.
0	Billions and billions.
0	Personally I'm fine with wheeler chairs...most everywhere is accessible these days
0	Yeah, but this is a title to circlejerk around.
0	They way things are going, by the year 3000, I might get Google fiber coverage.
1	Wait wait wait, you mean Obama lied? Well I'm just shocked.
1	Welcome to reddit, where any problem in the United States is the fault of President Obama, he being the first president to make promises he didn't keep
0	The FCC is run by Obama, a Democrat.
0	What do I need to apologize for, I did nothing wrong?
0	Thanks, Cheryl.
0	I imagine this ruling will open the door for a lawsuit of epic proportions. The gov't will be sued for his losses and harassment, etc. Of course we'll be the ones paying for it, so it's not like gov't actually gives a fuck about the consequences of their actions.
0	Duh.
0	Its breaking news!
0	The only business of theirs that brings them any serious money is advertisement. Their core business model is putting as much shit out their to help sell ads and hoping that some of it sticks.
0	Google has stated that they make money when people use the Internet, so it's in their interest to get as many people using the Internet as much as possible. Net neutrality breaks this.
0	I think his way was more effective to be honest.
0	Email people, start a protest, etc. there's some guys on here planning something I think. First or second highest comment.
1	Yeah, government always solves corporate problems for us.
1	Nepotism and revolving door politics? Clearly we should grant the FCC power to regulate everything then.
0	About time you Americans started getting worked up.  I have wondered for a long time what the point of having, the right to bear arms, was
0	There is this ex mossad operative I found on the hidden wiki.
0	I bet it's more expensive, too.
0	You're not factoring in costs though; what happens if these new costs for Netflix are substantial enough to make cable the *more* affordable option?
1	Probably for the best.
0	Still too expensive.
0	"Have they improved their streaming and interface above ""GIF"" quality?"
0	Time Warner owns HBO. There will be no throttling.
0	Probably because they have a fairly recent season. Still, very sad.
0	Telcos should start charging more for the phone service of people that talk loudly.
0	"This just screams ""Cancer"" to me."
0	You're getting downvoted but you're so right. People worrying about being banned in a subreddit when they can just use another account. It'll all be sorted out soon. Are people really upset they can't post an article from another site on reddit?
0	I know... I am already on reddit too much. I can't imagine upgrading to power user.
1	Luckily Facebook isn't controlled by anyone.
0	Maybe if every story wasn't about the NSA and how Snowden is the second coming of Jesus, then maybe they would still be a default sub.
0	When I say this nobody cares.
0	DC++ amirite? Hero of the dorms?
0	Anything that threatens the communications industry monopoly is a good thing. However I don't have much faith in the SC right now.
1	Guys, guys, settle down, lightning fast is a correct and accurate description of 6mbps. It is as fast as if lightning struck and fried half your equipment and then you still tried to use it.
0	*2tera
1	YEAH MAN THESE CABLE COMPANIES ARE JUST HEMORRHAGING MONEY.
0	cable is cheaper.
1	Nah guys, it's alright! I'm sure Samsung will use it to provide us with an awesome service! Unlike Apple and those stupid curved rectangles. Ha!
0	I used to do this (have roommates that pay for cable now). It was the best setup. And then you only need updated news when there is a disaster or inclement weather.
1	Because both of them must exist together, they cannot exist separately.
0	Yeah if this means more content then I'm all for it. So many random old movies are only available on DVD still.
1	I see absolutely no way this could go wrong
0	Interesting sample size.  1001 calls, half cell, half landline.  The majority of respondents did not have a college education and were over 50.
1	But Google Glass is so cool!
0	Read I, Robot, for Asimov's thoughts on the matter. (It's nothing like the movie.)
1	DAMN NAZIS!
0	I am naming my child Udis Topia.
1	Yeah, because the reddit admins have never censored anything.
1	Yeah, a sub with 5 million subscribers and thousand of submitters don't need any filtering at all. And letting people have a say would work so well.
0	Thank you, striking off to the bright new world.
0	"Exactly what I was thinking. Snowden's question created a fantastic video clip of Putin (almost certainly) lying on camera. Snowden's a smart dude, he didn't expect Putin to be like ""oh yeah we're doing that""."
0	What will the actual throughput be on this though? I have had plenty of wireless n laptops and phones and on WiFi only get maybe 15-20mbps down. I have a 105mbps down line. Speeds are severely restricted on WiFi despite 150mbps or 300mbps or 600mbps claims. The damn things can't even fully utilize a basic wireless line. I'd be amazed if 10gbps meant anything more than 1gbps in real life if that. Also guessing any device that wants that sort of speed would need both the internet connection speed and an 8x8 mimo chip set as well.
0	But dozer was making it.
0	Maybe Turkey should create their own social networks, the European continent has VK, China with Sina Weibo, among other high tech nations.
0	I have always said that the only good thing to ever come out of corn is whiskey.
0	I also can't help noticing that Chile is in fact located in South America, and not Europe.
0	True - I was just riffing on the Kerbal thing. I should feel bad
1	Ah, yes, stunning your ears enough to not hear the neighbors until you fall asleep.
0	Too busy.
1	Yeah, Wernher von Braun, who's that?
0	Wind of Winter.
0	High speed rail is expensive, the cities big enough to be worth connecting aren't going to pop up just because to built the rail.
0	Yep, it would be like if I bought something at a retailer (using power from the grid at night) and then returned it (putting power onto the grid) and then not getting sales tax refunded.
0	Need the wheels to be you know.. gone.
0	Actually travelling by train is most eco-friendly, as you hardly if ever will travel with 4 people in a car, apart from families that is.
1	Yes but some fatcats got their juicy cheques for the deal, so it's worth every penny
0	"TFA says ""the Japanese government intends to finance half of the estimated construction cost"""
1	There is no way this will backfire horribly.
0	"I really don't think that ear buds changed dubstep to sound more aggressive. It's a natural progression for music that is more chill to become hyper aggressive as people push the envelope. Musical performance is almost strictly the domain of the young, and young people like music that sounds angrier and angrier. Plus, dubstep was first starting in an era when earbuds existed. Are you implying that people didn't listen to ""true"" dubstep on their headphones? Is it because maybe they didn't feel like *listening to it outside of clubs?*"
0	He's also a fucking crook.
0	We had fios, then switched to Comcast because Frontier (they took over fios from Verizon where I live, but I think Verizon still owns it most places) wanted us to pay like $500 to install it at our new apartment, when it had been much less at the old place. And even then they dicked around and kept delaying the installation for almost 2 weeks. Comcast is shit, but slightly, barely perceptibly less shit
0	This shit is so misguided
0	I did not RTA, if this happened in the US we are suppose to have the freedom to mock our elected officials.
1	Roads, fire department, police, medical care, public housing, ect... Sounds like a horrible idea.
0	The whole concept if taxation is broken and corrupt. It's supposed to be a socialization of costs and burdens but it is ever increasingly reverting back to plain old corrupt exploitation and racketeering. Lower and middle classes get taxed upper classes steal those taxes. The more capitalist and privatized our economy is the less taxes should be collected. If the electric infrastructure is going to be funded with taxes then it should be publicly owned and operated, not privately and your taxes are shoveled into private pockets.
0	Taxing sunlight. Taxmen really are a gripey, blood sucking bunch.
0	I wonder if Oklahoma will slap a surcharge on these too?
0	Are they uploading so they can later have it removed as being illegal?
0	These all sound like Cave Johnson quotes.
0	Exactly. I'm not gonna cut cable till I can watch my Panthers (and on that note, my Gamecocks and Braves) without it.
0	I'm still waiting for a legit way to watch F1 online. I'd gladly pay a reasonable subscription fee, but no such service is offered.
1	Brilliant idea. So ~~if~~ when we have a catastrophic failure, the nuclear waste is conveniently dropped into the ocean.
0	Fuck all of you guys, you ruined this sub for me.
1	Ohh the profile was a picture... Well then that changes everything,.....  Off with her head
1	DEATH TO FANATICS!
0	Eventually Netflix will need to expand and offer separate packages.  8 bucks for their basic service, 50 for live sports, including local games, etc.
0	The real problem is all the barriers to entry to be an ISP. Hopefully those will go away eventually, but for now it's a real problem.
0	I assure you that unlimited data is not going anywhere and will become more and more important to everyone over the next few years. The amount of things we can do with the the Internet are currently crippled by caps and pressure to remove them is going to come from every direction.
0	ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?
0	Tell us about it.
1	nice one, you are literally worse than Nancy Grace.
0	"""Half of those respondents were on landline phones"""
0	How do we know what encryption methods the NSA hasn't cracked or that would require too much resources to crack? In other words, great idea to encrypt everything, but let's not waste our time using an encryption that doesn't get the job done.
0	"ONE reason it will take Windows XP to take a while before disappearing completely is the custom Applications developed in the Enterprise environment that run on it. In my office we have certain customized apps that won't run on Wndows Vista/7. Now one of the bosses said (non-IT bosses mind you), why don't you re-write the source code to make these apps work on Win 7 (64 bit). Well, the IT guys tried to estimate the cost for just one Application. After they had done preliminary work to estimate the requirements for the updated app, the real needs, and some ""wants"" , the budget for just one App re-write was closer to $0.25 million. The original App was developed by a coder who did coding for fun and now doesn't work for the company. It cost very little to the company since it was not developed with any formal requirements. The problem is that anytime you want to re-write an app today, people will say, oh since you are re-writing the code, please add this feature or this requirement or this functionality and since a lot of these needs and sometimes wants make sense, it ends up being an expensive undertaking and then since nobody has that kind of budget, well, there goes the will to update! Just my $0.02 from a real-life experience"
0	Yes, and with a little nose wiggling and pixie dust you can RDP into an ubuntu box from windows.
1	You're right, I'm much more worried about advertisers and India than I am the government.
1	just like how my modular computer will be the last I'll need to buy.
0	I want to play an rts controlling these guys
0	You regularly drive 500 miles a day AND you like men kissing your ass... I think you could make some real money.
0	Arguing for the car is not circle-jerking. I have independently researched the car and it is not even close to as bad as you claim.
0	It sounds like you're implying that no action should be taken unless it instantaneously replaces *all* energy production that causes emissions with emissions-free energy production, worldwide. Good luck with that.
0	I thoroughly agree that NASA is not our nemesis. We are located on NASA property in fact. We would not have written an article like that, as it does not reflect how we feel. A third, and unrelated, party wrote that article. So as far as what spin they put on it there is little I can do.
0	lol was on a conference call and couldn't help but laugh when I read this... HOW CAN SHE SLAP?!
0	Android supports both touch and non-touch.  Originally things like D-pads and mouse wheels were taken much more seriously, but that would have been pre-1.5 and before anyone outside the Android team was making apps.
0	This will be about as successful as the google glass. Until of course Apple releases iGlasses, and subsequently pioneers iSight.
0	"an uncompressed 4k stream comes in at around 3.8gbps.  an uncompressed 1080p stream comes in at around 1.5gbps.  This is because the overhead and method, its not an ""automatic 4 times as much"".  NHK got a 4k stream compressed from 4tb for a 14 minute clip to 62GB for a 14 minute clip.  Even at that 600mbps rate, thats about 250GB per hour for a compressed 4k stream, and thats without audio, which would take another 21mbps.  4k streams are not small, not as small as you think, and currently, only a few gigabit providers could even look at providing a decent quality 4k stream."
0	EVER
0	Just my opinion, I think this is a waste of time.
0	I guess you could say the journalists are a bunch of ... Hacks.
0	So far I haven't seen anything truly amazing about Google Glass. Yes, you can look things up and take pictures. But when they announced Google Glass I imagined it being like the future, maybe you work in construction so you have an app for construction and its augmented reality that tells you how much something weighs or the dimensions. Or if you're a gamer then you can have a gaming app that allows you to create games out of the scenery/play on the go/have a map of the world floating next to you while you play GTA V. But its going in the direction of smartphone but on your face.
0	I love how when the iPhone's finger scanner was compromised everyone flipped and gave Apple a truck load of shit, now everyone is defending Samsung for the same thing. What's the deal guys?
0	No they don't. They only require a password/passcode if you also use TouchID. You're free to have on iPhone running the latest OS without any passcode at all.
0	Amazon women in the mood.
0	That's not how it works in the US. If you apply for credit and are denied, they are required to report why they denied you, explicitly, and refer to particular things in your credit report that are negative and impacted the decision to reject. This is because blockbusting was determined to be illegal (barring credit due to gender, race, age, or other non-financial data, etc.) and why these reporting rules are in place.
0	Why can't I find this?
0	Apple did it way before this.  Even stored all of your location history as a plain text file on the device, IIRC.  When the story broke, more people seemed interested in defending the practice as necessary to innovate in the mobile market.
0	A working prototype means its years ahead of every other new battery tech out there, so I'm going to be optimistic.
0	Did you sit down and do the math before you signed up for that?
0	Now cows can sleep soundly at night.
0	And in 80 years, when we can manufacture fully functioning organs too, children will enjoy being grossed out by tales of people getting organ transplants from dead people.
0	This is too painful to watch. I have to go work and put up with it every day.
1	Not all air floats. Some of it stays at the bottom.
0	Wouldn't you need an amplifier or decent sound card to get the quality they were designed for?
1	Will I need a Pono player to hear it?
0	Kinda sunds like sarcasm, which is a Redditor's favourite pastime.
0	I'm pretty sure 'kijk' is what you type when you can't be bother to enter your real name.
0	rice in the dirt box, that doesn't sound good
0	Vaginacologist
0	Infamous Second Son looks good regardless of whatever the frame rate it is. I know the resolution is 1080p though
0	Yeah, a majority of the camera shots were with a wide open aperture and far away to help with this, but you're right. Until we have eye motion detecting technology to pull focus in real time it'll never quite be there.
0	Yes, I limit myself to BSD licensed code too. But a lot of good libraries are GPL. Some LGPL.
1	Its a double negative, you should *always* talk to the FBI.
0	Have you ever played a PC game? They run on all different kinds of systems.
0	Your dog wants steak.
0	In the original manga it's over 8000 so hey.
0	Samsung does not appear to be trying to get away from Android at the moment.
0	Of course they don't care. It's not their money.
0	That was fantastic! Thanks for that.
1	Not a single bank admitted to having any vulnerabilities.  I believe that!
1	Pretty sure they are just happy someone is watching that one.
0	Holy crap! Never heard of them before. That is realy cool
0	You could use that to imitate the identity of a server and use it for mitm (until the certificate is revoked). It's probably much easier to get the certificate and use it for some sort of phishing attack instead of trying to get username/passwords from the memory.
0	Then maybe they should consider making it easier to consume their content legally. They could save a big chunk of time just be removing the unskippable trailers and anti-piracy ads from the beginning of every DVD.
0	I think we found a joke
1	This has changed my mind on lobbying entirely.
0	Samsung generates something like 25% of koreas GPD. I don't think anything will change. Samsung could just say they are moving manufacturing to china and the korean government would be replaced by a pro-samsung politician overnight. Koreans love samsung. Pride and joy.
1	Your post mentioned money, but not in terms of bitcoin. Prepare for comment deletion!
0	And another pathetic post. Keep it up.
0	I'm sorry I couldn't get past his eye. I'm out.
0	wrong article.
1	I bet when EA popcap release chess with IAP and scoreboards he will love it
1	Yeah! All these manufacturing sector deaths are just an 'occupational hazard' for those workers, what are they complaining about?
0	Hur dur... it's trickle down economics... greed is good! HURRR DURRRRR!
1	Imagine the shooting sport possibilities.
0	Yes.
0	I would prefer 500 good apps that are easy to find rather than 1000 good apps that are impossible to find.
0	You are wrong too. It is not that people quit before they play the game for 24 hours, it is that they download a game, and then within 24 hours (or 1 day), they do not play it again.
1	But but... I was forced to take their fucking 5 hour ethical training courses EVERY GODDAMNED YEAR I worked there. How can this be?
0	Business hours
0	I don't understand why we bother with fines. If corporations are legal entities, then the penalties levied against them should be jail terms. Leave the CEOs out if it though, jail the brand. Life in prison? HP brand is mothballed for 30 years and can't sell computers under that name anymore. That penalty alone would convince the people that work for the machine to act smarter.
0	Make billions and pay a $108ml fee? Sounds like a smart business decision to me.
0	yes
0	How about start with small steps. Don't put your passwords on a sticky note above your monitor.
1	Nah it's totally legit
0	no it is not. please reread the comment chain for the appropriate context.
1	Now your electronic banking is secure!
1	I know, right? Headlines about black people can't be posted otherwise it's racist, guise!
0	I run the ouya.  probably would be better with the fire TV.  only complaints are UI slowdown when I run heavy skins like Transparency or Hybrid.
0	Barely any coverage, though. But I'm glad they're finally upgrading their towers!
1	Great! Now the rocket scientists at work will be adding life support functions to our accounting software because NASA code is cool. I bet it is completely undocumented.
1	So with biometrics and this, there is now a close to 100% foolproof method of tying you to your phone and when you used it. I'm sure this won't get abused in the slightest!
0	Its only 10 bucks more if you wanna add 1200 minutes to the plan too. I also have the same plan as you though but only pay $25 a month because thats what it was a few years ago and I got grandfathered in.
0	I don't trust them after they had an ad campaign boasting no cancellation fees, and then the fine print said that they charged you $600 for your phone over 2 years, and if you cancelled you had to pay the remainder. Basically still a cancellation fee.
0	He used the wrong unit. Kgs not ounces.
0	The difference is who owns the company. Much like credit unions (owned by the members using it) and banks (owned by shareholders and investors).
0	An anarcho-capitalist to be precise. The difference between a libertarian (minarchist) and an ancap is usually 6 months ;)
0	Isn't computer science more on the coding side? If so that is a BIT more understandable. Yeah anyone in a course like that, if they want to get a new pc I would recommend they build one. It's pretty easy, cheap, and you can get EXACTLY what you want out of it.
0	Last I looked, GoGo allowed public DNS so you could do IP over DNS to get through their captive portal.
0	The government isn't the only one doing the spying, so like he said, if you're not using encryption on public networks it's your own fault. While you're sitting on a starbucks using their wifi, anyone with the proper software can get any information they want from your computer.
0	In less than half a second, you would have produced enough energy to travel back in time in a DeLorean
0	Exactly. You're hurling a piece of metal up to 100 miles at 5,000 MPH. I'm guessing they need that shit to be as close to perfect as possible.
0	During the PA they said it was because of the laws in certain countries.
0	And those cameras have been getting obstructed for decades. Which car had cameras in 1994?
0	You're talking about a company that has 170 billion stockpiled, and in the end Apple won't even be paying 9 billion. The amount they pay in the end is going to be a slap on the wrist.
0	That's amazing. Thanks for sharing.
0	thanks
0	How much of this will go to the lawyers?
0	You clearly know nothing about the MSRP of products.
0	Bribery, contract killing, and human smuggling shouldn't be either. Go have a look at the site if you haven't.
0	Yes
1	Yes. Every smartphone user should be able to understand whether or not an application works based on its Play Store description.
0	Yeah, sorry. Didn't read the article thoroughly enough. Oops.
0	It made me a bit pissy when it bugged out a few times, when spawning into a floor it would sometimes put you in the wrong spot or a bit too far forwards so you'd be seen right away, then respawn you there every time until you restart the whole level.
1	What a surprise.
0	OpenSSL is meant for experts.  It may not  have been a deliberate design decision, but if you as a newbie were scared off from writing crypto code because of OpenSSL, that is a good thing.
0	I only play DOTA2 vs bots because i know my teammates will just as sick of try hards as i am.
0	Call the NSA for a patch.
1	Yeah its as simple as that
1	Yeah, him alone.
0	"There's a bit of unfortunate history involved in the ""Read phone status and identity"" permission. A bunch of apps have legitimate reasons to want to be able to uniquely identify a device, so a field called ANDROID_ID was created to serve this purpose. This was a simple semi-random number unique to a given installation of Android with no other identifying information. Unfortunately, some manufacturers screwed up their phones such that every device had the same id, which forced devs to turn to the IMEI, which is accessed through the phone identity permission. That permission is so entrenched in apps now that changing it would break half the apps on the market"
1	Wait, so an app uploaded to the google play store is a scam? SAY IT ISN'T SO!
0	It was about a year ago, and there was cheaper, but I went with someone who had a lot of testimonials. And shipping was included. It was worth it. I still ended up breaking that phone though. But that was due to hardware issues... Power button got stuck, and then I accidentally tore it off the circuit board...
0	Can you elaborate?
0	Too bad Google removed the privacy guard. CyanogenMod still has it though. Awesome being able to install a flashlight app and only let it have access to the flashlight. No need for GPS, internet, location, identity, contact list, etc.
1	Question: Does this still work if my home screen has been personalized?
1	ISPs, save us from downloading anything that's under copyright! It's not like *all* of the content is covered by copyright with rare exception from the public domain! You won't use this to abuse us and line your pockets!
0	It's often not an engineering problem when it comes to limitations placed on electronics. From marketing's perspective, the ideal product is one that provides just enough functionality to satisfy buyers so that they buy large quantities of the product with huge profit margins. If they produce a more capable product that encourages buyers to purchase less of their product in the future, or cuts into margins on another product line, you can guess what happens.
0	That breaks your mirror... dangerous place to be.
0	Overworked and underpaid by whose standards? Would you rather be shackled to farm life making meager earning per year and living in poverty most of your life. Or would you jump at the opportunity for a steady and increasing wage in a factory LESS dangerous than working on a farm. The idea of the enslaved factory worker is a myth. This is why those in China love working for Foxconn despite what you hear on NPR.
0	I've had two 750 GB Barracudas for about 4 years now...haven't had any issues.
0	Exactly!
0	Stress test 2.0 I hope to do something that is more demanding, live MUC, streaming live video, multiplayer whiteboard, or something along those lines.  I literally just got around to opening the thing tonight and thought this would be a fun first experiment with it, only took about an hour or so to go from bubble wrapped to what you see there and most of the time was spent waiting on dd to write data to the SD card.
1	What are you talking about guys clearly there are no sunk costs involved. ISPs make boatloads of money just because they're super duper evil and are out to get us.
0	Or his PR company
0	they could try going against indiegogo as they provided the fraudulent people the money even after several people reported to them that it was fraudulent
0	Class II device vs. Class I device, probably. It's still technically a medical device regardless of the intended use, which means it falls under FDA classification. Wouldn't make too big of a difference since the technology wouldn't likely have any predicate device, meaning they'd have to do clinical trials in either case.
0	I relied *very* heavily on the internet when I was sorting through my deconversion. Very, very, heavily. It didn't cause it, but boy did it facilitate the transition.
0	I already noticed that its really inconvenient for IT when staff want to work. So educate me. As a sysadmin, how does W7 make your life easier than XP and why is that worth reducing productivity in the areas of the business that make money?
1	Yeah but the title is depressive because I can just go to staples and pick up windows 7 and is so easy so this countries are dumb and I upvote this.
0	Dandelion greens are quite tasty indeed.
0	This world where the majority is anti-gay shouldn't be too hard to imagine.  Just think back 20 years.
0	The Balance Mutilator^TM
0	It's a disappointing realization that it could end so easily. Kickstarters can be quite successful. I have shelves of tabletop miniatures thanks to the Reaper Kickstarter. I haven't been burned by crowdfunding yet, but that's probably due to my scrutiny. I'm not done yet, as I also funded Star Citizen. Due to its massive funding, it's going to be an even more important project to follow than Oculus Rift was. It won't really give any credit to the less reputable Kickstarter projects, but it will have significant impact on the future of especially expensive or long duration projects.
0	It also wasn't a DMCA take down notice, as I understand.  It's a private party take-down to protect YouTube from a POTENTIAL DMCA take-down and YouTube just happens to let Sony's bot tell it what to do.
0	They are already hiking prices everywhere in order to lower prices in areas to compete with Google Fiber.
0	maybe your better bet is to stop protesting and do something? Maybe, like a hippie jam festival? That'll really show 'em.
0	Let's keep it this way.
0	Volunteering computer security related advice to people who take you seriously is an important responsibility.  It would be nice if you could get some more experience under your belt before posting completely inaccurate  and false misinformation.
0	That's exactly why the whole 'build the user base, then later figure out how to monetize it' thing is a failure. All it ever means is a bunch of freeloaders will migrate to whoever is still in the 'build the base' phase, and your company won't survive or gain customers actually worth having.
0	That's because micro is designed to break. With mini The cable outlasted the jack. This was a poor design leading to phones that could only be cycled 5000 times.
0	"sadly, leaseweb, which held the other ""half"" of the servers already wiped and deleted their data, so, something like 1200 servers, with untold millions of terabytes of data is already gone.  I think the thing I am most upset about, is that I used the service as a backup for photos, and I want those photos back, but will never get them.  The case is also dead, because the US AG fucked up, and was on a witch hunt as a hired dog, and that backfired, especially when Dotcom's extradition was denied and the illegal shenanigans that occurred in new Zealand came to light over his mansion."
0	our brains sit in a dark cave anyways. All information perceived is illusory. We're not really feeling anything, we're feeling how our brain tells us it feels. You are not your brain.
1	Yes because that magically allows a municipality to break already existing legally binding contracts.
0	It would be nice if I could, you know, tell it the context, rather than it trying to guess. Sometimes I do want to search for coffee and snakes.
0	"I think it stops being ""fair and necessary"" when people decide you're their political enemy and start using the mechanisms designed to prevent corruption to do something corrupt."
0	Maybe they are really big desks.
0	Damn. Canada needs some of that.
0	Google Maps did 10 million in two days on the iPhone, iPod touch and iPad combined. Office did 12 million in a week for the iPad only. I would say thats pretty damn impressive knowing that iPad represent only around 25% of all iOS devices sold.
0	remember folks: BGR is garbage unless of course they're praising Google
0	The question is who is supplying the money. Based on your post I see that you don't mind being the cash cow... enjoy.
0	This would be such a great thing, Google can take over the Home automation sector as they just started, force evolution of the ISPs, now cellular. It looks like they have some tech that there isn't infrastructure to support yet so they are forcing everyone's hand. GGG
0	They should be, but they won't do anything about it.  Despite that Google Fiber is expanding by 900%, beating the competition by 1000%-20000%, and already profitable, what are providers doing?  Basically nothing.
0	There would immediately be an Empirical Thinking Party to counter it.
0	"Might want to look into the ""America Invents Act"" because the law switched the U.S. rights to a patent from the previous ""first-to-invent"" system to a ""first inventor-to-file"" system"
0	It is the belief of many that abortion is murder so surely it would be ok to force out employees who donate to pro-choice candidates?
1	Honestly, I'd like to see who made the call at OKC to 'rally the troops' with a giant banner on the front page.  We know about the bigot, but who is this hero of the moral high ground?
1	This terrorist will be in jail by tomorrow.
1	oh no how ever are we going to sit back to let the homosexual agenda go on? First it will be equality in marriage, then able to adopt and be respectful parents, then allowed to see their SO in the hospital like normal folks should something happen...then who knows what they shall do
0	Developers move between these companies all the time. They are only talking about manager or director level. Poaching of sales staff is always sensitive since they have relationships with clients and can easily bring them over to their new employer. If there was a partnership, I can see what they saw it as dirty pool. If you're consulting, the client usually has to agree not to hire away your staff because then they are just using you as a recruiter without paying.
1	Huge problem. Bigots can't bigot. What a shame.
0	Not really though. But if it makes you feel better!
0	It's going to be biting the hand that feeds though. A fair number of wall street people and I'd imagine SF tech workers vote on fairly progressive lines. More importantly they donate on those lines.
0	"My thoughts exactly. Makes sense why this out of place ""news"" is happening."
0	I love how Bill almost looks sane against the backdrop of Faux News.
0	I'm not touching that argument. Just that the most upvoted redditors are basically saying the same thing, leaving fresh substance behind.
0	And?  What's wrong with that exactly?  People should be forced to abandon their beliefs when shopping etc?  Consumers have no right to shop ethically?
0	You'd be surprised, I know that many UK providers have been starting to offer zero roaming charges in specific circumstances. On all EE plans calls and texts are free across the EU, and Vodafone had a promotion where for the entire summer there were no roaming fees anywhere in the EU.
0	Switzerland has bilateral treaties that are essentially the same as EFTA without being called EFTA.
0	Don't forget the self-deprication and tea.
0	Between windows 8 and 8.1 they hid that option even more.
0	Flickr and Imgur aren't even serving the same purpose or target market. Flickr is used by a bunch of professionals to archive their photos. Imgur is for one-off use to host an image. It's not even relevant to compare the two.
0	They managed to be one of the biggest image sharing sites, they could be a youtube competitor if they use the 40 million wisely.
0	I don't think ASK_IF_IM_JESUS is actually considered a novelty account, he just has a funny name. The people that are making it a 'novelty' are the people that then ask. I guess it could be argued that the same could be applied to your name during a discussion about the web, I mean, someone named webby_mc_webberson should know something about the web, right?
1	Time to sell to Facebook!
0	83,000+ people signed a petition demanding it.  PR probably didn't have to think too hard about it.
0	Such a waste of space tho, live tiles cover up a perfectly good desktop :)
0	What do you think?
0	It's windows. They're all decent. Yes even Vista. People like to complain.
0	Sticking with windows 7 till 9 comes out. Then I'll evaluate the situation.
0	why would i even bother thinking Canada would get it near the beginning.
0	It would be like if google developed app to access itunes store and apple blocked it.
0	Don't worry about it. You will be getting calls from me for years.
1	"""Someone has a different preference than me about something? They are clearly an idiot! I am clearly superior! #startscreenmasterrace """
0	Wasn't this announced 5 months ago? Yes, it was.
1	gee didn't see that one coming
1	M'lady, banks r bad. so credit union.  wow. such brave.
0	For sure.  Sadly India/Nigeria/etc have so many other problems it's hard to convince the people in charge to care about something that brings money into the economy.
0	I like that, too... hahaha
1	Yay. A small, non-locking connector. Because everyone loves micro USB. It's not fucking terrible in the slightest. They're not fragile and shitty. I haven't had a dozen fail in me with this phone alone. This is totally worth not having to flip the fucking thing over.
0	yes
1	That only proves he's in on it.
0	Yea
0	For this to be true, the button would be need to be mounted somewhere between the engine block and the transmission.
0	Can't wait for Windows 99.  That's going to be incredible.
0	My shutdown button isn't set to hibernate. It starts up in three  seconds or less.
0	Can't say I've ever had that problem.  I ran Crossfire Radeon 6870 and it worked fine for me.  I'd be interested to know how long ago you experienced this and with which card.
0	"It depends on the plan you purchase. I have the 20Mbps business plan. You may have the higher speed consumer plan or the ""Powerboost"" technology in your modem."
0	Using dual monitors on Windows 7 feels so awkward after Windows 8.
0	No, they're te people who don't feel like paying $500 on a new computer when their current one is completely adequate to them.
0	Who gives a shit if the phone it's on cant even simple tasks like scroll without lag
0	Damn, except for the no kitchens and the 24/7 dubstep, I would be totally in favor of something like this too :(
0	Do you enjoy patronizing others?
1	Looks like I finally have a reason to get of Tinder
0	Nanosuit when?
0	I'll take some of that snake oil-, I mean, magic elixir.
0	This is a horrible idea, nothing good will derive from it.
0	He asked you for a source, not a definition.
0	They will just call it 'XTREME MEGA' or something silly instead
0	Well that was a shitty article that misinforms people.
1	OH NO. STOP POSTING FROM THAT RUSSIAN PROGANDA SITE, WAIT UNTIL MAJOR US MEDIA CONFIRM THIS!!!!
0	"""No Such Agency."""
1	Like Samsung's Multiview? I guess Apple will have invented this one too.
0	You and all the other comments point out the reddit army comment are just adding to the topic being derailed. Look at the top comments, the reddit army comment, and 405 comments complaining about it. You are not helping very much either.
0	Man I haven't seen you in forever
0	More like he's the only one in school who has both the resources and connections to get booze and drugs. This boosts his self-esteem so high that he acts like a dick. Sure, other kids could do the same, but that would involve everyone pooling together their allowances to get a motorized scooter for transport. Plus, the connections that kid has means even if you could transport, you couldn't buy the goods themselves as easily or cheaply.
0	I get 1TB of transfer per month on a VPS at DigitalOcean for $5/month (for the entire VPS, not just the bandwidth). Bandwidth is dirt cheap.
1	I dunno, they're included for free with a phone, doesn't that imply top quality?
0	Or free 5mbs
0	shhh, google fiber will save us....
0	What other measure really matters? Do a dozen MySpace pages equal out to a season of a cable show?
0	His job is mostly lying about needing wireline internet on reddit.
0	I wonder who's _not_ paying this guy
0	The latter
0	"Except those with Google Fiber.  Oh and if you want to go live in Japan because ""hey cheap internet"" most of you reddit losers couldn't afford to live there for a year.  The coat of living in the US is far cheaper than many countries.  But we should focus on the internet.  Google will fix this just have some fucking patience."
0	Whose democracy? We don't have one in the US.
0	Would you like your shit salted or unsalted?
1	Really?  That's like our voter turnout
0	*flips the bird from America*
0	no, trust me, I do.
0	I thought we hated them because of their freedom
1	Like their earbuds
0	Tell your friend not to worry, ElBoludo, at 1.5Mbps it takes a *long* time to download a murder weapon.
0	Don't forget that they're also enemies of net neutrality.  They want to hamstring the future and the progress of the human race so a room full of people can have a bunch more money they don't need.
1	The horror of being a for profit entity that answers to shareholders!
0	faster torrenting speeds
0	I honestly expected to see Hank Hooper replying to these questions.
1	The same Google that is reknowned for having excellent customer service.
1	Well because of Net Neutrality of course.
0	I think people should definitely check /new before posting something.
0	I run a logistics company.  It would be fantastic if this could change things but it most likely wont.  I need robots that can take loads off of trucks, not self driving trucks.
0	It'll probably be a while until it can drive into a northern winter.
1	I can totally imagine someone who failed to pay their subscription fee and thus their computer doesn't boot, whipping out their credit card every time as opposed to installing Linux.
0	Or, the battery tech could just keep improving to the point where we don't need to recharge so much. A few years ago electric cars struggled to keep a 100 mile range. Now the Tesla Model S does over 250.
1	omg they BUILT it? Google never BUILDS things!
1	"""ohhhh why is it so uglyyyyyy"""
0	You seem to have zero faith in the technology behind self-driving cars.
1	I'm PRETTTTTYYY SURE i'd rather be a victim of identity theft than.....murder. But then again, money is clearly worth more than lives right guys???
0	You still have to sign up as a customer so your modem can authenticate.
0	I would prefer to have a trebuchet launch me from court.
1	Yeah. And it's totally better for handling people logging in to facebook than username/password combinations, right? So much more practical!
0	So cum programmers are not a thing?
0	Two Swedens worth.
1	Because the server is in Switzerland
1	check out judge Dredd over here, he's the law
1	Thank god for the government. Without it there wouldn't be any roads and all this technology would be useless.
0	I have to agree with you. No burger flipper is worth $15 an hour unless they are supremely impressive. Some people are worth more than others based on their work ability and productivity. Some are worth much less than others.  These used to be part time jobs for kids. Now that adults are competing for these jobs they want enough to cover a mortgage out of it. It just isn't worth that, unless you want to pay fine dining prices for a cheap burger.
0	I thought about that. They might be able to make the panels heat up enough to melt the ice, but that would use more energy than they would output. Another brilliant idea.
0	Why are they fucked? This shit has been going on for 100 years, most people don't care.
0	So why are they being sold?
0	Yup, the world can be distilled down to a secret cabal that controls everything.
1	Or how they will have to lay off their own workers because...god forbid...I have to make multimillions in profit year after year. If my profit isn't increasing every year than my business is failing.
1	Wow, the liberal's hero is here to save us from the terrorists!
1	Yea cause everyone here is in shock and disbelief
0	Until the govt goes person of interest on everyone
0	But corporations aren't people so they have no rights. Right reddit?
1	But it's a system that's there to provide justice, surely money doesn't matter.
0	Ooooh.
0	I wonder how many Reddit gets?
1	Oh! My password is greetingsNSA
1	See? If a big company like Microsoft can challenge this, anyone can do it. Proof that the system works! There's nothing inherently evil about secret courts and secret national security letters and secret gag orders. Stop worrying.
1	I live right near Pasadena. Hooray.
0	Fucking celebration time, goodbye MaxwellHill and Anutensil and may you rot in hell.
1	Who cares about the little people
1	Racist!
0	"You said ""he must not have read the article."" Clearly he did."
0	There are solutions out there, they just haven't pursued them.  It takes a long time to test and implement these things.  You have to remember Google, the biggest player in this game, and they only just entered the field 4 years ago.  Every step needs to be tested for tens of thousands of miles on private tracks, and then hundreds of thousands of miles on public streets.  Solutions to these problems exist, the developers just haven't had the time to get to that stage of the development.
0	I want to write a book with that title, about a trio of conmen who keep going after the same targets by accident, and they have to work out a deal to prevent their separate scams from colliding.
0	"What, exactly, are you saying ""no"" to? Do you actually believe that the reality of the matter is that all lobbyists are ""scum?"""
1	Wait a second... there's nothing about technology in this article.  This is about news and world politics...  Where are the mods that banned me last month?  Oh yeah, they're gone...
0	More importantly....will this speed up write speeds and decrease power usage on our phones? Because that would be far more useful IMO.
1	This totally isn't corruption or anything
0	Plus tires track dirt and grime. Roads get nasty and constantly need.repairs
0	Snowden is a zero. A wannabe hero poser.
0	Again that mentality is what is damaging. All it takes for evil to succeed is the indifference of good men.
0	Yeah it's on death's door. Ten people use it.
1	Snowden is the biggest American hero, I for one wish to see his mug not only on the $1bill but all the bills. Fuck george washington
1	Not actually, they'll be using those balloons you might have heard of
0	I recall ten years ago as I moved around various apartments for work, I always had the option of a monopoly cable provider and one or two DSL providers.  That competition seems to have gone away too, unfortunately.
0	GET HYPE
0	At the moment, Comcast is far from dying. It sees the asteroid coming, and is doing everything it can to shield itself from the inevitable impact. At this rate, Comcast will survive.
0	It was a bit of a coin flip, though. Google would have gotten benefit from net neutrality, and also from internet fast lanes... the FCC didn't really fuck with Google.
0	and steal money from
1	but what about my @AOL account?
0	Sounds better than being 20 and having to watch Cialis commercials constantly.
1	I bet this will totally change something.
0	Please, Google. Bring your gory to my hometown. I will give you approximately all of my money. Everyone will. You just need to *get over here.*
0	That can't possibly be right.  Unregulated monopolies never result in price gouging.
0	"Honestly only the term ""smart phone"" should maybe throw you for a loop. The concept of a small computer with programs on wasn't that crazy (especially since pdas/cell phones were already a thing). Just a matter of time until technologically feasible."
0	ZeniMax can go burn in a hole after that shitty excuse for a game called Elder Scrolls Online.
0	Isn't the opposite also true? A bill that passes Congress cannot be passed into law without the president signing off on it?
0	finally china does something smart for a change.
0	Was anyone actually surprised?
0	Yeah, action! I like your idea I'm going to do this too!
0	I suppose we could really enhance employment by making every third person a paid rat to spy on the lives of the other two.  That's basically what China does.
0	Is there a social network that doesn't sell its user information in the form of targeted ads? Google+ does it. Twitter does it.
1	Oh, sorry. I almost forgot.
1	Yes. Anarchy is the only answer.
0	I do that when I'm sober, too.
0	Forbes is a dumb idea.
0	and automobiles. ^oh ^^^wait
0	True, but it drains my phone battery.  At least with LTE I can rely on the tablet's own battery for that.  For short-term access, tethering is great.  If you're going to spend hours on your tablet working...  it's better to have integrated LTE.
0	I don't know if it's twc , but it's definitely corrupt free market city council.
1	They need to find a new source of legit income. They can't start fining people who aren't doing anything wrong. I can't imagine a world where innocent people are victimized by police so they can make their quotas and keep their bonuses.
0	Usul we have worm-sign the likes of which even GOD has never seen.
0	I agree.  I get so much more done since I started taking the bus.
1	Yeah right, he probably just put it up just to take it down again at a time decided by whoever bothered to write him, and we all love those legal notes from lawyers telling us that we can't do what we are doing without getting into trouble with them.
0	Boo fucking hoo. Any law enforcement agency that has officers executing speed traps is overstaffed. If the officers have nothing better to do than hide behind a bush and write tickets for speeding, then the taxpayers are being scammed.
0	Are they trying to get me to support drug laws?  Because keeping intelligent people from working for the FBI is the first good thing I've heard of in years in relation to our federal drug policies.
1	Well Clinton didn't inhale
0	Unfortunately for those of us with no other choices, what can we do?
0	.net doesn't even come close to Cocoa, and Objective-C for all it's debatably-cumbersome verbosity is still a lot more flexible as well as efficient under the hood compared to C#.
0	The NSA scandal is important for the future of Technology, Civic rights in the Post-Digital Age, and global trust in the US Tech sector. It has a profound impact on how humans interact with technology and is without a doubt a hundred times more important than a new slate going on sale from a line of products that have been dramatic failures in previous iterations. People are hardly as excited as they used to be about the release of new Apple/Android products, and those are actually successful.
0	Only 41 million people huh? From what I see on the roads that's not much.
1	As a heterosexual white male, I'm fine with that.
0	We no longer have a justice system. We just have a tool for the elites to keep us in line.
1	Just got off the phone with Comcast. Cable and internet both out. They can send someone out by Friday. I don't see why they get such a bad rap.
0	Changing FCC Commissioners is like changing deck chairs on the Titanic.
0	y
1	Yes, we Redditors and internet people are the only enlightened ones in a country of sheeple.
0	Start a new religion with rationale and logic at the core of its gospel. Then slander the fuck out of anyone who doesn't believe as UN-WHATEVER and a coward! Start wars in foreign countries in the names of these things, create dividing lines of 'us' and 'them'. Spy on all your own members activity as well. Gain control of the media and ban all shows that are not intellectual or educational. Burn works of fiction, for fact and reason are you gods now. Start massive social media campaigns against non-thinkers, make it increasingly uncool to be stupid and uninformed. Do it all for charity so that the common man is nothing but an educated thinker, who only thinks of others and  has no need for material wealth.
0	That paranoia goes for every country that spy on anyone, its the damn paranoia that leads to spying.. ask the NSA.
0	Except that it sucks if you already have a google account and don't want that associated to twitch
0	"But the base problem is that this survey is not ""technology"". I want to be informed about new cool technologies in a subreddit with a name like that"
0	There's a new player in my town that's actually cheeper then G-fiber.  Unfortunately they are expanding at a rate of 5 blocks a year or some shit and I'm 3 miles from where they are now.
0	interesting to see Comcast on 3rd of the list. with how badly people complain about them you'd expect them to be on top.
0	I've got maaaaaaaail yaaaaaaaaaaay I've got maaaiil
0	In this world, maybe myspace will pay me.
0	No, he shot himself in the knees and elbows, then stabbed himself a few times and cut himself and put screwdrivers under his fingernails, attached a battery to his nipples and waterboarded himself, then shot himself 8 times before cutting his throat and stuffing himself into a black plastic bag and rolling himself into a hole that filled itself in.
0	You are wrong.   Battery technology isn't mature at all.  Why do you think they keep coming up with new chemistries?  Today's mobile devices wouldn't be possible with the battery tech of 20 years ago.
0	You dissolve in sulphuric acid, apparently.
0	Who are the alleged conspirators?
1	Obviously this is the biggest problem.
0	More power consolidated in a bad company probably isn't good, but it also probably isn't that big a deal.
0	If you like football, this could end up being good news.  NFL Sunday Ticket has been exclusive to DirecTV because the (former) owner of DirecTV has friends on the NFL board of directors.  The NFL no longer has that non-business connection anchoring NFL Sunday Ticket in one place.
0	"The title makes me think of Dr Evil... ""One BEEELLION Dollars!"""
0	Shell Beach!
0	"""Please listen the the following choices ... Your call will be answered in the order it was received ... I'm sorry, all agents are busy or assisting other customers. Please call back at a later time. Goodbye."""
1	This will never be abused
0	Absolutely. What other sinister reason would these guys have to come out and put their lives in danger? Snowden changed everything, a life of luxury for his own country. A true patriot indeed
0	I don't really know because I haven't read the law, but if the German courts take it seriously, I'm sure they could force it to apply even if they went through a 3rd party.
0	Not enough. Nowhere near enough.
1	Hear here.  Lets keep operating landfills instead and just hope it never leaks into any water supplies.
1	I'm just super stoked on the idea that my review will be shared with friends and not complete strangers. I'm looking forward to my mother reading my 4 star review on His and Her Anal Beads.
0	Because everyone recycles all their old crap.
0	Alien: Hold on, I think a black hole is butt-dialing me.
0	Trucks pay highers tolls iirc
0	Good Lord.  What does it take to get this government to start enforcing antitrust laws?
1	Because conspiracies don't happen and are impossible to happen!
0	Definitely, I'm not disagreeing with you on that. But they aren't bribing anybody to do that. The telecom's have formed a combine and use it to fix their own prices. The oil companies want, well, oil. And the government wants oil money. :/
0	"""iPhone 1 is expensive and heavy with no third-party apps."""
0	Article is behind a paywall. Mirror?
1	Two months for public comments! It's amazing that they can sleep at night.
0	I like how I'm in Canada, this affects me, yet I cannot do anything about it because I'm a foreigner.
0	Samsung has bigger marketing budget than their competitors combined, so this isn't that surprising.
0	Really, Cracked articles are allowed here?
0	Feed me sensationalism, nomnomnom!
1	You're absolutely right. Let's just give the fuck up. I mean, it's only our way of life that's being destroyed. Why bother sticking up for ourselves, right?
0	So when is Google just going to buy Time Warner and give everyone Fiber?
0	Well okay
1	That's the spirit!
1	Start a rebellion from the North?
0	But they might be shaving a bit of plastic off the inside of the case to account for the mass of added hardware. Or another trick. You can never be sure.
0	The highest bidder.
0	90% of people don't care, are unaware or don't understand.
1	Yeah, all the European countries seem to totally bow down to their citizens.
0	I don't allow myself to complain unless I vote. Keeps me honest.
1	Yeah, cause calling is doing something.....
0	Soo if this goes through, what will actually happen?
0	If you have suggestions please let me know. Last time I searched for a solution, seemed like lots of people on Apple's discussion boards were having similar issues.
1	Tell that to my 5mbps download speed
0	sso as long as the entry node + immediately surrounding equipment is clean + the encryption used is strong enough, tor should be fine. sounds ggood.
0	I gotta buy myself a small PC and install pfSense.
1	But I thought the government could never do anything better than industry?
0	They dont use it because comcast services are so shitty. Honestly, if they dont use it, why cap it?
1	I'll just solder mine out
0	Care to back that up?
0	It really depends cause 300GB is a few game downloads per month so unless steam gets heavily affected by data caps then Valve may throw their name in to fight shit otherwise they don't care.
0	oh fuck yesh.
0	"Except there were sticky threads for the Ukraine issue, because those mods weren't retarded. I've actually emailed and called about this issue whereas the majority of these people screaming ""I hate Comcast!"" probably stopped their protest at that."
1	Didn't you hear? This whole website is specifically made for Americans only! No one gives a shit about your country!
0	I've found a majority of the time the problem isn't the order being wrong, but the person making it messing up. Until we get some robots to make the food for us we'll still have that to deal with.
0	It's not splitting hairs. I have no racial prejudice. I don't think any race is inferior. It's a comment on the historical dynamic between two cultures. Thomas serves a function.
1	Sure! Let's ask big corporations to coerce nations into changing laws they don't like! Great idea, nothing could possibly go wrong!
0	He was the head lobbyist for the cable industry. In essence, the FCC hand picked THE cable industry shill to stand watch over... the cable industry.
1	And if you don't approve wheeler's new rules and make them common carriers AT&amp;T will simply stop providing this kind of innovation to their customers.  Think about that before you call the FCC.
1	Carl Sagan was over 60 years old, so couldn't possibly have known anything about technology.
0	It won't be fancy anymore by then :C
1	"Someone said ""Netflick"". Think about that. It's extremely wrong - they should have said ""Netflix""! Hahahaha, they are stupid!"
0	I was listing what management may require at some point.  That does not include security.
0	***SHOULD.***
0	Is it time for a revolution yet, or should the robed geriatrics still dictate constitutional truth?
0	"I didn't think people poked fun at him for calling it a series of tubes. I thought he was being made fun of for saying those tubes got clogged from people ""downloading books""."
0	mainstream media? i don't find that a reliable source of news anymore at all.
0	I believe without a warrant it falls under illegal search.
0	This is why driverless cars are fucking retarded.  People won't know shit about how their car handles and drives and in a situation like this we all get fucked over.
1	Peace is a benefit of war.  Health a benefit of disease.  Calling Mr. Orwell, calling Mr. Orwell, George Orwell
0	Eh, I guess that came off wrong. It is definitely better or as good. Again, they use the same wires, and I've had downtimes before, but it was Bell's fault not theirs. I was speaking more generally, comparing it to connections in Europe, Korea, Google Fiber, etc. I meant, we could do much better, but this is as good as it gets right now where we live.
1	What a surprise!
0	We're not that bad off. You make it sound like we have no options at all and that these tests are a lie. I pay $100 for 100Mbit and my usenet speeds typically pull even faster than that. 13MBps (104Mbps) or higher sometimes. I'm quite happy with my current ISP selection and network offerings. My only gripe is I would pay even more for 1Gbps fibre, but no one will supply my with it.
0	Some places, like the Netherlands have local netflixs, but I just use hola to watch more shows.
0	This is hardware they are installing. I don't think dd-wrt is going to help much.
0	No. The software industry in developing countries has not matured enough quite yet for such outsourcing to be viable. Aside from security risks and quality its much better to keep your engineering team as close as possible to ensure what you need actually gets done. However, the NSA is really fucking things up by doing this. Europe is absolutely capable of handling things themselves if we prove we can't be trusted, and we're running the risk of ruining our most valuable post-industrial trade.
0	Not true. While Liberals encourage personal liberty, Liberals favor the heavier presence of government. aka: not Libertarian.
0	I will not give my money to AT&amp;T... period.
1	Common carrier? This is why the FCC is doing all this. It's a fucking smoke screen, they know they can get MORE POWER if they fuck with the internet a little longer. FUCK THE FCC, They don't even like Janet Jackson right titty! I can't wait till they own the internet.
0	It's hilarious, this is no different than the original
0	Oops, thanks for that. Fixed it just now. I typed it out too quickly and had the wrong number.
0	Don't like it? You can oligobble our balls.
0	Darn, for a minute there we almost got a patronizing explanation of why the status quo is the best way written by an intern.
1	That's what the national guard is for, right?
0	Am I right?
1	So wait, you are telling me that a market with only 4 players in it suffers from price collusion and lacks sufficient competition to keep prices close to the costs of the service delivered? What a shock. We should probably let T Mobile and Sprint merge right away to fix it.
0	"Let's be very clear with this.  After 9/11, when the Bush Administration, and their shills in the newsmedia said, ""it's time to take off the gloves"" - this is exactly what they meant."
1	Well, I can sleep peacefully at night, knowing the people we are blowing up with hellfire missiles have at least an 80% chance of being involved in terrorism.
0	"China 2034: ""Yes, we kill disobedient Americans based on metadata."""
0	Why not use them for speed bumps. Be nice if those stupid things were actually being useful. :-)
0	What about putting them where cars are going to stop anyways: at stop signs? (Friendly question; not trying to stir anything up.)
0	oh, but posting an article with a hyperbolic headline... *that's* activism.
0	Don't forget ruthlessly running every one of their competitors out of business by any way possible and being the singular reason why we have antitrust laws.
0	A few hours later and it is at 18,240, which is 28.6x the number of comments the next most commented things has.
1	the golden age of capitalism is happening again!
0	The competition failed eventually anyways and standard oil parts became the largest oil companies in the country. Amco and Arco (both bought by BP), ExxonMobil, Chevron (owns texaco), and Marathon.
1	And do it quickly, before over zealous net neutrality laws make QoS of all kinds illegal.
0	No no not all over, I don't wanna be throttled too.
0	"Cue the ""It's not a crime if we paid for the law."""
1	I'm sure every Internet user complaining to Google would really fire up the FCC
1	Wow, that'll get the point across in a reasonable manner! They'll totally understand our plight and side with us!
0	Why not just have everyone's first Google search for the day not work and instead just deliver the message?  Similar effect, less downtime.
0	i think you underestimate the value of other porn sites. especially the successful paid ones.
0	Don't tell me what to do, Major Inconvenience!
0	Most places don't get charged tax.
1	Bullshit.  I signed an online petition.  That's just as good.
1	In addition to that, people should only agree with and argue for the opinions that they don't agree with.
0	if you really want them to suffer, just re-implement the blink tag for those ranges.
0	"*""What is the price-current of an honest man and patriot to-day? They hesitate, and they regret, and sometimes they petition; but they do nothing in earnest and with effect. They will wait, well disposed, for others to remedy the evil, that they may no longer have it to regret ...  Even voting for the right is doing nothing for it. It is only expressing to men feebly your desire that it should prevail. A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority. ""*"
0	There's nothing anti-American about exploiting others for your own gain!
1	Going to really have to stretch my budget for that one.
0	I upvoted this post, so now I can sleep better tonight.
1	What an interesting intellectual point you bring up. Thank you for contributing to this discussion productively.
0	"The key word, I feel, is ""ensure."" They wouldn't want to release a new service and have it stunted right off the bat, so they work toward deals. But if net neutrality is made official, then no worries for them. And if neutrality is lost, they're already prepared."
0	Yeah but the upvotes you're getting here make up for it don't they?
0	"Why are they posing it as a question of whether or not it should be enforced? Clearly the internet doesn't want this enforced, I don't know how much more clear it could possibly be. Jesus, I mean they're EXACTLY like Comcast at this point. ""Our customers don't WANT better internet, we'll think about making it better when there is demand but there just isn't"" Even though meanwhile, basically the entire internet is screaming we want better internet."
1	That's Socialism!  Just like police, fire, education, and all those other services that stopped working after being socialized!
0	Hey FCC Chairman and lobbyist, quit your job before you kill off an open internet.
0	...and all this fury blows itself out.
0	shhh! Don't tell everyone... Digg is the new reddit! But once everyone shifts back over it'll just go to shit again.
0	Both get to vote. But there are billions/trillions of dollars and only millions of people.
0	I honestly believe some NSA-grade blackmail was involved in Justice John Roberts' gymnastic justifications for his ruling on the constitutionality of Obamacare.  It just reeks of someone who didn't want to vote that way, but was forced to.
0	But that empirically doesn't work. Public opinion is, at best, very loosely correlated with public policy.
1	no its perfectly normal to assume that, especially on reddit
0	I love how the camera switches to the dark side of the space station just as the sun is rising. I hope they fix that.
1	How can she 3D print whale blubber?
0	You should stop talking about things of which you know nothing about.
0	While this is really cool tech, it is extremely pointless. They are going to arrest a bunch of 90 year old dudes and have them die on trial?
0	odd that nobody points out that the title is totally deceptive and the article actually calls out no-one. just sayin'.
0	"*But Humanity has not*. Just because we live in an age with more progressive values and different economics situations doesn't mean that we are not the same Humans we always have been. What we value and see as good has changed, but that doesn't change those things which are innate to the Human nature. Where do you think the quote *""History always repeats itself.""* comes from? Its not some spiritualistic pagan prophecy bullshit like some people treat it as, its referring to the fact that Humanity will always repeat the same mistakes because our true nature will never truly change"
0	Machine fingerprinting is easy to get around: use a plug in that masquerades as a generic machine.  Everything that is sniffable is uniform.
0	It's just midget anal.
0	not that i've seen.
0	Plus 10 minus 17, when will the mods get smart to disable down voting?
0	welcome to the US military
0	Except that Canada is doing the same.
0	k
0	Oh my god, shut up. Please. There were so many important things that were banned on that list. Snowden, NSA, surveillance, etc. Tesla not being able to market itself to the corporate whore that Reddit is clearly turning into is the least of my worries.
0	I'm explaining it to you right now. It's because you edited your post crying about getting a downvote or two. I'm sorry that first downvoter didn't come back and tell you why he did it; hopefully we can catch this criminal and have him answer for his heinous act of downvoting you.
1	No, it's really not. Keep trying to act like you don't know whats going on tho, it seems to be working.
0	"Amazon's ""Glacier"" backup solution actually use Blu-Ray discs for storage, as far as I remember. Not completely sure why, but maybe the optical medium is better for long-term storage in terms of degradation?"
0	Shit just went full circle.
1	That's clearly not an outcome that could be manipulated.
0	That just it they are not elected or chosen. If that was the case the top 4 mods would be gone.
1	"Not one that will actually fix anything though, right? Maybe talk to maxwell about adding new filters to remove posts containing ""net neutrality"" and ""mods"". There we go. Problem fixed. That's how to get your default status back."
0	You make 32 an hour oh the horror
0	Basically yes. We are all whores fundamentally.
1	Clearly they will create jobs with it. That's what companies do when they have lots of money!
0	Big downvote brigade in this post.
0	I have never seen a hotspot
0	Sorry, this post has been removed because the title was editorialized. Thank you for your understanding.
0	Conservatives need to feel persecuted every day.
0	They banned it and then unbanned it. You're a few weeks late
0	And not a single link as proof was posted in this thread.
0	They could detect life using a spectrometer to detect chemical changes in the atmosphere that would indicate the presence of life.
1	And if you're poor, you can just shut the hell up then!
0	Maybe... and what if I were?
1	Family hopefully?  Gotta hope someone would show up at the funeral.
0	Since when can you upload content to TPB or KickassTorrents?  Doesn't that sort of defeat the purpose of having torrents?
1	Wow, your rep realy sounds like they care and are realy on top of this issue.
0	I am pretty sure they work on word of mouth.
0	Thank you! Someone here gets what I am talking about! As for why I am being downvoted, I feel it's a combination of a) people hopping upon downvote trains, assuming that because what I said has already been downvoted and goes against something that is upvoted, it must be bad and so they downvote it (self fulfillng prophecy); and b) people not reading properly what I am writing (there are a bunch of replies that are totally irrelevant to the point I was trying to make).
1	Apparently it involves buying technology from people who have a vested interest in our failure...  sounds like the best way to keep our troops safe.
0	Some people really do swear they don't see the difference.  I have bad eyesight but to me it's immediately obvious.  I just don't understand it either.
0	I'm gonna go plant a tree. Why am I just finding out about this?
1	He's making so much money off those torrents 32m should be no problem.
0	Who the fuck said there was something wrong with a digital asset's protocol?
1	I'm sure the price is just Google being corporate and trying to make a profit and nothing to do with Marketing, R&amp;D, Shipping, Insurance, Legal, Material costs etc.
0	I remember reading that this was common in Japan, and the browser just shipped Yahoo. So instead of urls people called websites by what you needed to search on Yahoo to find it.
0	Google is not trying to become an ISP at the moment. They are just doing experiments.
1	"Now everyone is happy when large corporations step in. Guess it's okay as long as they are on ""our"" side."
0	Well I'm a fan of google but I HATE what they've done with youtube. Also google plus is dumb. Those are pretty much my only gripes.
0	I for one welcome a PR-Blitz. You need however everyone to rush them like they did SOPA.
0	Hey cool, in all those pics I can see even less of the map than I do now.  Hope they finally change it's name from Google maps to something more fitting it's behavior.
0	"I think he's more poking fun at the ""now have the ability to combine video and sound"", you know, something people have been doing for about 70 years now."
1	And don't forget with the drone you can play the double tap game. Its a great party trick. Especially fun at weddings.
0	"Google it: Hong Kongese or Hong Konger.  And since you have lived in Hong Kong, most locals would say they're ""People of Hong Kong"", not Chinese."
1	Because corporations are all evil of course
0	I don't know why anyone would have a problem bringing these into a theater when you can bring any other kind of smart phone in.
1	I carry it in my wallet, hold on.
0	so if you need glasses, and you get a google glass, you would wear both of them so you could see?
0	Worst president in fucking history.
1	Yes but you really should just ignore this and look the other way. Because at the next election, if you don't vote for the lesser of two evils anyway, you are just throwing your vote in to the trash!!!!
0	Obama is a lying scumbag. Sure. But even so he was always the lesser of two evils.  Note that this just highlights the problem of the voting system we have
0	Yes and taxes are the only legislative difference between each member state of the EU
0	How would you know?
0	No, it says they can use my DATA for research, not ME. They were running psychological experiments on unknowing, and probably in most cases, unwilling participants.
0	both
0	"Yep, pretty ironic that a bunch of self righteous arm chair ""social justice warriors"" criticize these things without realizing context."
0	Tell him then.
0	They were specifically targeting the moods and emotions of the subjects over time. This is not a simple choice of preference. See above edits.
0	Is this any different than adding or changing a feature? It seems like they just modified an algorithm that was already in place. Software companies do this all the time to create a better user experience but now that Facebook publishes its results, they're unethical? Just my two cents.
0	The article linked in the OP is from the AV club, which is loosely affiliated with the onion. I say loosely because the AV club publishes true stories while the onion is satire.
0	Worked like that two months ago.
0	It is most likely a problem with their hybrid NSA surveillance system. Either that or they have taken down the network to patch it with even more national spyware.
0	I agree. They're not oppressed from coding. Coding is just like any other field. It's just not as superficially attractive to women as it is to men. Men tend to be more into computers, hell I was introduced to coding because my fascination with video games branched to building PCs and now coding is my next goal and hopefully career. Most women don't care for any of these things.
0	A static image, no, but moving lines yes. It's called temporal AA.
1	Maybe they could give them all one of their driverless cars too and solve two problems!
0	Are there many speed test sites that are reliable?
0	the cardboard already has a cutout for the camera.
0	It doesn't matter, he's still posting links to the dox.
0	Source? If that's the case the taxpayer gets yet another bad deal.
1	Because your own version of the NSA would never do things like that, right?
0	The issue is that the EU ruling remove's Google's free speech rights.
0	So it is just a fancy multi-platform remote access trojan. Seems far less than revolutionary. Neither article seems to mention how these tools are being infected on the target devices. That would be the only thing of interest here, as the rest is just a polished incarnation of the old school backdoor trojan concept.
0	Hulus amount of commercials though, they are turning to shit. Netflix has kept up the quality though, thank goodness
0	But not Kaiju's.
1	You mean like how HBO and ESPN pay cable operators now for you to see them?
0	Newsflash: the INTERNET is a bastion of piracy.  Anywhere users gather they will share content.  Make them wanting it by making it affordable and worth their time (AND AVAILABLE) to purchase (be it digital or physical) instead of attempting to eliminate sharing.
0	Time for everyone to get angry as hell about it and ultimately accomplish nothing.
0	You joke, but there are people who genuinely believe that.
0	"Right? They could've at least softened the ""incompetency"" takeaway for FIFA by mentioning their futuristic HD full walloffice HUD. I mean, if they're spending that kinda money, they must be a top notch organization."
0	For free?  I dunno; IANAL.
0	Yes, they would be far smarter to do what the US is doing - nothing and just continue arguing that climate change can't happen because god put the earth here for us to use however we want.
0	They don't have the advertising reach that a bigger company does.
0	Without regulations our lakes and air would be fucked. You cannot solve obvious market inefficiencies without regulation.
0	These are the two best tandem posts I have ever seen on reddit.
1	Right, because a truck running into a person is less deadly than a drone falling onto a person.
1	Yeah but solar is not a viable source of energy
1	Sounds like they should just take a page out of the cable model. Try to install fast lanes and pay FedEx/UPS (for no reason).
0	Technooooooo pannnnnnnnnnnnnnnic!!!!
0	Silly Rabbit!
1	Black hole creator and world ending machine restart schedule
0	If you're moving faster than cars on the right, then you're not doing anything wrong. The problem is when people are going slower than the cars on the right and refuse to move over.
0	Showcasing advances in ad-serving technology?
0	Welcome to the world apple wants us to live in.
0	My city does but the state DMV is trying to outlaw it.
0	I've had cell service way-the-heck-up-in-the-mountains, (Alps, Pyrenees, Himalayas). I've posted to Reddit from over 5,000m, in regions without any electricity or running water (they run the cell towers on diesel.) In many countries it is very rare you lose it.
0	"Like I said, I'm not trying to be an asshole but that is insane to me. I'm the most distracted person you will ever meet yet I'm the complete opposite while driving. There's just too many stupid people on the road for to feel comfortable typing shit out on my cellphone. I was driving my friends around the other day and someone brought it up and I told them ""Watch this, I'm gonna find someone in our immediate area who is texting right now and I'll be able to tell just by the way they are driving."" Not even a second later I see this red car slowly moving towards the lane divider and I point to them and say ""Right there"". We sped up a little and as we get to the side of the car I can see this chick with a cellphone in one hand and a cigarette in the other. She had two fingers on the wheel and that was it. I was able to do the same thing multiple times during that short drive. It really does affect your driving. Even if you think it won't happen to you, consider the people around you. I honestly don't care that much if you die but if you killed someone in my family one day because you can't go five minutes without knowing what Becky is doing at that exact moment (shes probably also driving) I would make sure that for the rest of your life, everyone you ever met would know what you did."
0	He's such a disease
0	Oh fuck off, what's next, no radio? Windshield wipers block too much of the view? Talking to passengers too distracting for you?
0	Its not even that bright
0	"Color me surprised. It was titled ""this woman..."" and I knew that this meant I was going to see a picture of an attractive woman to start the article and sure enough I did.  The fact that it is a woman, and a good looking woman, should not play into the story of whether some invention or scientific discovery is important. When that is the angle, I'm pretty sure I'm in for some marketing hype."
0	Can it be that the stations are so far from them lighting strike ?
0	texas is getting hit hard atm jeez
0	I wish i could have the air current map projected on to my ceiling while I sleep. I feel like then I'd have no issue falling asleep. So peaceful and calming!
0	so, you can basically coerce an uber driver into taking you to your drug-copping spot?
0	would you really be suprised
1	Well, it depends. Are you 12 or 13?
1	You both look stupid
0	Lololol@ blaming Obama
0	Good. Fuck Windows Phone.
0	It's been pretty darn stable for what I've used. Sure some apps don't support it yet but that isn't the runtimes fault. I don't use it because I use Xposed and they don't play together yet.
0	MUH free beer!!!!
1	I too would gladly give up my freedom to have a decent photo editor.
0	As someone currently designing installing a mesh network in an isp environment,  amen to that..
1	oh yeah canada's awesome!
0	My new Nissan Leaf says otherwise.  Well, it takes a little while to operate, but no worse than IE4.
0	You gotta get those points somehow.
1	Yeah, let's get some *more* asshats involved.
0	Why can't they follow the usual DMCA request?
1	Cuz it's so difficult to use a different search engine that HASN'T been told to block what you're looking for
1	I can't wait to have this discussion again.
0	I'd wager people would say that today, too.
1	I think you should believe everything a Wall Street banker/analyst tells you.
1	How *dare* you agree with a stranger on the internet? It's just not natural!!!
0	Dude no need to hack a remote, just hold square.
1	Yeah dude, no one has realized that yet
0	"The funny thing to me is how everyone says they are American made. Technically yes they are ""made"" in America but more than half the parts are sourced globally."
0	If you came to the comments for the catch, the data is from 2012. Not actively updated or even from this year. Still very cool and useful, or I'm assuming it is I have no actual experience with it.
0	dont though. you focus on the bad, you stop seeing the good.
1	But the second amendment is an outdated amendment and we need tighter gun control.
0	ACAB
0	Shit you are absolutley correct, and getting down voted for it LOL!. Thank you for making me realise I need to read the article.
0	Cisco sells product+support. If you can't afford downtime then you can afford Cisco.
0	just nerve staple everyone.
0	Does it make you feel smug when you talk down to others rather than discuss things like an adult?
1	Because if there's one thing we have learned it's that we can trust large corporations giving large amounts of money to the government
0	The end goal is getting rid of all Super PACs, including this one, and fighting the corruption of money in politics. So it sounds like you're on board.
1	Way to trivialize rape culture, shitlord.
0	Possible material for a Space Elevator, how easily can this stuff be manufactured? Also what shapes can you mold it  into, as well as how much it costs to produce.
1	The outrage, is just giving your personal data to a large company.  Stick to Google or if you absolutely must, Apple.
0	I disagree with these particular leaks. This tech was used for legit espionage, and not likely part of a domestic spying program.
0	It is nowhere near as severe. Nobody is supposed to trust simple name tags if security matters.
0	"""retro reflectors"" bugs are as old as the Cold War"
0	Say what you mean, not what's easy. There's a big difference between making a law and ruling on a law, and that difference is part of the basis for the USA's separation of powers.
0	Wait... is this a good thing or not?
1	Wait, what? They aren't biting the hand of the lobbyists, so I'm confused as to what you mean.
0	So ATT is just whining that they might actually have to do what customers pay them to do.
0	Doesn't this already happen?
0	"Ask for more than you want, so when the ""compromise"" happens you get what you want.  We're never gonna overpower the ISP's propaganda/lobbying machine to that point anyway."
1	Yeah, I'm totally being oppressed here in the country of which EUs net neutrality is based on. I really want a fast lane and services like YouTube and Netflix owe my ISP money for some reason so they can stop upgrading my speed for free.
0	Having your window slightly down will now be seen as probable cause.
0	If you don't make a fighter plane with some flaws, how else are you going to convince congress to give you a couple dozen billion again when you make its sequel?
0	You're welcome?
0	So 350GB would cost $75 + tax monthly.  Riiiight.  Enjoy that.
0	Bribes are perfectly legal. If X is illegal, but you give someone in the government money then they allow you to do X, that is a bribe, or as we call it in the USA, A Permit. Bribing the government is perfectly legal. Bribing anyone but the government, I guess is illegal. Of course hiring your daughter for several grand a minute as a kickback is perfectly legal. So yeah bribes are just fine as long as you structure it properly.
1	Fine, we will keep everyone at the same speed of internet, but that means everyone has to sign up for the internet, to help share the cost!
1	Guys, what about the blind people?
1	NASA what is wrong with you, don't you realize the average American consumer does not want internet speeds faster than 56K. If they are subjected to speeds any faster, they could suffer a heart attack.
1	What a joke. Your ignorance is not even worthy of a response. Keep voting republican though. I'm sure there's party platform of destroying the government will somehow make your life better at some point.
0	I agree. The system has it's flaws. Every system has it's flaws. It seems pretty clear that the FCC chief has gone rogue on the democrats. But people expect Obama to be a mind-reader and have seen this coming even though he's probably barely even met this guy
1	Since Google is now encrypted this is simple not possible any more, right?
0	"Thank you. 90% of people think the President is some kind of tyrannical dictator because he is ""the boss"". It's hard to fire important people in corporate America, I can only imagine how hard it is to fire a top executive of a Independent Government Entity."
0	pretty soon the federal government will be regulating how we wipe our ass.
1	Then theyre especially interested in tracking you, goddamn terrorist scum!
0	It means you have control over what happens with it, vs a rental which you don't own and comes with rules. Plus, it's not like they can activate a guest network if they don't ship it to you or if it's not even supported.
0	You make me think about those people who don't believe in conspiracy theory and once you get the evidence to support our claim, you simply try to never talk about it ever again.
0	What in the hell are you talking about? Seriously, did you miss my point?
0	"These ""lobbyists"" should be labeled as traitors wanting to ruin our country for money."
0	Always have had a data cap up where I live and it sucks, the data speed is shit as well.
0	Also, who stores your email and where come into play. Most email is stored on a server somewhere, not your local machine.
0	That actually does make a lot of sense because in a way this is good for bitcoin.
0	Why would anyone want to deliberately blind people? And how would Google Glass do that, anyway?
1	Mac~
1	Another Tesla thread packed with doomsayers and apologists for big auto. How surprising.
0	It's not all that radical.  Many companies have done the same.  Fairbanks Pumps, for instance, had a great design that they let the patent go on just to increase competition and allowed them to increase their market.
1	You're right, so until we can make the switch away from all fossil fuel based power generation entirely, we should do nothing at all, because what's the point of only solving part of a problem right?
1	Because that movie depicted activity that was totally on the level...
0	Ermmm...but this use isn't unauthorized...that's kinda the whole point. They are concerned about infringement, not sharing the technology outright and on their own terms--it's right in the first sentence of your quote for crying out loud! They have weighed the costs and benefits of releasing these specific patents and found that it's advantageous. It's not like they open-sourced their entire car.
0	I'm just saying for myself. I wasn't saying everyone else should do what I do or think what I think
1	Clouds already do that and they're not new.
0	By definition, it really is average
0	identify the datacenters holding records, order an airstrike. problem solved.
0	Yes.
0	Sooooo..... Dialup? Century Link won't give me service. Plus I'm very far, so I'd just be trading one shit show for another even if they would give me service.
0	Geographic, not geological..  :P
0	All it needs is an imitation Comcast logo in the corner and the ruse will be complete.
0	Quick example comes to mind of them using your emails to target specific ads to you
0	There's an important factor that you're glossing over here, which is that Google Fiber actually has an interest in encroaching on entrenched ISP territories. TWC was never going to pick a fight with Comcast over a city of 50,000 just because they were getting tax breaks thrown at them. That's kind of the point of an oligopoly.
1	Yes because heavy regulation has worked out so well with the banking, healthcare and education sectors.
0	I have Crohns, does this mean I'll get faster internet if I ring them up and tell them I'm on the shitter?
1	But but what about freedom? Shouldn't verizon be free to sell what they want? Isnt the government taking away that freedom bad?
0	And I'm a karma connoisseur.
0	Portland: where being a hippie is still considered a legitimate job.
1	I like how the article shows their new logo
0	Southeast? Atlanta is still very much in the conversation for fiber in the near future
0	You have obviously never been there. It's one of the prettiest places in the country.
1	"Yeah, we should just let every company use public ""right of way"" as they deem fit.  No problem there."
0	Yep, that way they get the data and get to say they're not spying on their own citizens.
0	I looked it up.  I still don't get it.  Either that, or I do and just don't find it clever.
0	Just get 8 or 10 focuses.
0	netflix gonna be netfix
0	Who would pay for internet that doesn't have any content on it?
1	It's amazing that a week after this was news I've only seen it on here this one time!
0	Ellison owns the Eye of Sauron but he claims it is the Oracle.
0	A couple frames of editing and that gif would loop amazingly.
0	Complain to your ISP and tell them it's not ok to throttle particular sites that you are paying them for to access.
0	That's some WWE level shit right there.
1	Funny how this gets very few upvotes. Wonder why
0	Maybe forgot. I did linear and least squares in high school physics. It's certainly not covering the topic of regression analysis in any sense but I'd think most everyone would cover the concept at *some* point.
0	so if subscribers went up 850% in your area, that would make the wait substantially longer no?
0	One step closer to ctOS. I don't think they had facial recognition in 1984.
0	Well, as long as it's happened to one person, it might as well be happening to literally everyone who criticises the NSA.
0	"Wait, for you to get a free pass against every single law, you just have to declare ""too complex for law""?. Thanks NSA for that tip!"
0	All these girls can't handle the euphoria
1	Well that had the intended effect didn't it?!
1	Years of signing up on porn sites finally caught up eh?
1	Come on Darrell let's not stretch facts, he told the 'least untruthful' answer.
0	Most games require no mapping. If they have controller support it is basically plug and play.
0	Who the hell uses home phone service? What a waste when you can get a line over VOIP for cents.
1	of course they did not, it's the government after all, what did they ever do wrong
0	I love Optimum. I moved recently to Westchester from the Midwest and found out about them through reddit. Great service and price.
0	Those are the same people that think opening someone elses facebook which is still signed in, is a form of hacking -_-
0	Yeah, I was wondering this. What happens when my neighbors start pirating music or movies on my connection? It should still show up as the same IP as mine.
0	This sounds like a hacker's wet dream.
0	Because you have to log into it with your comcast login to use it.
0	I'll wait for it to go on sale in the SkyMall catalog.
0	So when does it start spewing Social Security Numbers?
1	Yeah but this is completely different because terrorism.
1	Plot twist. After the cold war, USA adopted a Stalinist doctrine
0	ISPs are keeping Americans in the dark as to how crappy our expensive internet really is.
1	Brilliant idea. Abandon the company that is trying to fight this throttling bullshit, keep giving money to the evil ISP's. I like it!
0	It pretty much just remembers how people respond to it, and uses those responses when given a question or statement it knows.
0	WTF is it with these product videos that show **nothing** about how the product works? Marketing 101 anyone?
0	Lots of cool stuff is going on in AI too, but in other areas.  Google cars can already probably pass the Turing driver's test.
1	Why do we need cars?
0	How is this good guy?  They are trying to force the adoption of outdated and broken technology so that they can make a bigger buck off the backs of the peoples taxes.  Yes the people are funding this bullshit.
1	Dont forget privilege. You cant say that above without mentioning the privilege this man has.
1	Oh yeah, all that free electricity!
1	DON'T TRY TO FIND THIS SOFTWARE!!!!!!  Recently, two 12 year old girls from Wisconsin were influenced into stabbing their friend in the hope of finding RenderMan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   DANGER!!
0	I could be wrong - but I heard/read somewhere that the labor unions makes labor very expensive in Michigan, which is why VW, Toyota, Hyundai and other manufactures have set up factories in the south.
1	"""But how will they make money if they don't mercilessly sue anyone who comes close to developing a similar technology?"""
0	Sourceforge hosts many productivity tools.
0	I'm not going to immediately dismiss an idea because it sequesters carbon underground.  The carbon is coming from coal that we dug up from, you guessed it, underground.  Its not impossible to imagine this would work, at least at a high level.
0	It isn't efficient enough yet, we still have to use rockets, and at best we could only charge batteries.
0	Finally. I have been waiting for gog to launch something like this for a while.
0	Corporations don't create, people do.
0	You made it realize what it is, what it has become
0	The Turing Test was passed a long time ago.  Most of the internet is just  bots that entertain me.   Sometimes i wish more humans would try internetting.
0	So it's ok to spend money on government if you happen to agree with the cause that's doing it at the time. What a cruddy attitude. Money needs to be removed from government if government is ever going to be of and by the people again.
1	Hasn't anyone told those city officials that America is too big for fiber? Maybe they should read reddit more.
0	"The ""free market"" is why you have any internet at all. Without the ""free market"" you would still be using the post office. You must be a product of our ""new"" education system."
0	Also, the Clintons live there. That might contribute to the town taking this step.
1	I'm sure Obama, the highest member of the US government, worships the unregulated free market
1	But when the government runs stuff it's always terrible!
0	Hahahahaha im dying at these.
0	Combat tip: do _NOT_, under any circumstances, throw a grenade while wearing these gloves. You may not throw it.
0	So instead Apple will just eventually (probably) use it? Is that really better?
0	Maybe they should do something else then. We could go back to a time before ATMs and have bank tellers give us money every time too... But really?
0	And once people realized they didn't want vendor lock-in for web applications.
0	Keeping you? Keeping nearly everyone! My parents only have cable in their home for live sports.
1	With copper cables. If they're honest about their limited capacity they shouldn't have to worry, right?
0	Dat ice!
0	Block this merger - block ATT &amp; DirecTV - block - Comcast and Time Warner Cable!!  All of these corporations need to be broken into much smaller entities that compete for your business locally!!!
0	Huh? I got rid of them two years ago. Anyone can. And I've never watched better TV in all my life because I'm picking and choosing.
0	Of course he wasn't murdered.  He committed suicide.  By shooting himself in the back of the head.  Twice.  And then throwing himself into a hole.  Which he then managed to fill with loose soil and gravel before expiring.
0	Oh holy hell, this is what it is.  Crap, I'll never get out from under it.
0	Same for me and Comcast. If I put certain kinds of traffic (which Comcast claims not to shape, by the way) through a VPN, they are markedly faster.
1	It's not like corporations have any political power in the US.
1	But i thought the 2nd would protect it!
0	It uses Wifi-Direct.
0	Well Apple does have a history of abandoning useful hardware.  Floppy drive, RiSC CPU, BluRay, SCSI, XServe, MicroSDHC, Adobe Flash, etc.
1	Free speech zones don't coexist with NSA turf, so physical presence cannot happen.
0	"""Privatize the profits, and socialize the losses"".  That's what AT&amp;T&amp;A has just admitted it intends to do."
1	Beef and yogurt... but is it high in protein? I need really obvious statements on the package.
0	It's all the social media contacts of the supporters combined.
1	This is totally gonna make a difference
0	You need to go to theaters in nicer neighborhoods.
0	Even when I had Facebook, I never used the app. I just used the browser. It was faster, and it's pretty much the same damn thing. It drove me nuts when people would come in to my store (Sprint) and bitch that their facebook app didn't work.. Use the fucking browser.
0	It's the same for every job.  There are things I am supposed to do for my job that no one, as far as I know, has *ever* looked at - yet is *has* to be done.  So it just gets rubber stamped and filed with no regard for whether it was done right or not.
0	Is there any way I can find out if my city or area has any of that dark fiber laying about?
1	Because it wasn't capitalism that allowed things to devolve to the point they're at now.
0	If you want real ice cream, there are better places then Braum's.
0	Sure, but the taxpayers already *spent* a fortune on infrastructure. Now we're only asking that we be given what we paid for.
0	And how so? If I had something Google couldn't find, Bing never found it instead.
0	Good. Blast them right in the ass. Fuck all their shit up.
1	C'mon man. What has the government ever fucked up?
0	Clearly their tubes were clogged by all the other internets people were downloading.
0	It's honestly better than TDS - and it isn't just the format. That summer that Jon Stewart took off and left John Oliver in charge... really opened my eyes.
1	Have fun with those polar bears. Oh and say hi to Mrs. Claus for me!
0	the buckles on their pants were brought down to their knees, indicating they were getting reamed in the rear
0	Well at least they are trying to implement some features that have been around for ages in other languages.  Honestly, reading through these comments makes me realize how few developers have experienced how easy Microsoft made it to write C# .net apps.
0	well its fios or bust. until google comes here there the only true fibre source.
0	What the fuck should I say? Fuck the FCC. Fuck them for you and me.
1	Yeah, because java just runs half the world - it's clearly not up to the task.
0	in less worried about the fucking NSA and more concerned with net neutrality.  Stand up for something that really is destroying the internet right now and the epitome of crony Capitalism.
1	And I definitely care.
1	"you wouldn't have that problem if you were in the ""hyper speed"" lane."
1	omg whatsApp allowed people to send text messages. iMessage could do that before WhatsApp. WhatsApp must have infringed on Apple. LAWSUIT!!!
0	I WANT GOLD TOO PLS
0	And while you are there leave a little something on the Comcast TWC merger. It needs some love.
1	No, the FCC's website is in the slow lane.
0	As if the FCC is actually listening to any of us.
0	I don't necessarily disagree with that, though I'd rather see something with the implementation date change rather than any patent being made longer.
0	Should have named it Veyron instead of Noun.
0	And if you are going to spend public moeny on tablets you can get twice as many Android tablets for the money and have more flexibility on them.
0	HFT will love this
0	I wish...  It is telling me that Comcast is by far the best in my area, hitting high 90s all day.
0	"Still far away from actual evidence of quantum computations. The fact that this is ""the best evidence yet"" is really a disgrace. It's great to have people working on this, but making scientific claims without proper evidence just risk hurting the field in the long run."
1	and just think how they could identify people if they trawled the NSFW reddits
0	"They will focus group a new name and sell people on the idea of ""lean"" internet or ""responsible"" internet or something. I'm not in marketing, I'm sure someone will come up with something better."
1	Such pheer. Much 1984. Wow.
0	From my perspective as an Australian that orders lots of stuff from the US, USPS is terrible. Guaranteed if it comes over USPS it will take 4 times longer. It's easier to pay the premium for UPS or FedEx.
1	Check out this one weird trick that makes the music industry furious!
0	My interpretation is *this* is really the core of the discovery: not that USB can do this, but that many off-the-shelf devices are actually reprogrammable
0	Backwards would imply we've been here before. This borders on sabotage, if you ask me. We're literally seeing the dismantling of one of the greatest achievements of the 20th century. It's being replaced by a facsimile whose goal is to track you, entertain you, and get you to buy things, rather than spread information and better the human condition. I wonder how many of the original researchers for DARPA are still alive, and what they must think about all of this.
0	Unbalanced? NO. Totally Broken? YES.
1	Well duh, if it was open source then the NSA would find bugs/backdoors and then it's not NSA proof anymore!
0	Atleast give credit to the commenter on the post you took this quote from.
0	"Because having access to the Internet and ""doing something worthwhile"" are mutually exclusive."
1	well knowledge is power, so it must be carefully regulated
1	You're right, Facebook is only ever used as an ego-stroker and never as a centralized means of communication.
0	It's called copyright.
1	Looks like we got a new sheriff in town!
0	"That's probabaly what they do.  The eMMC memory in the phone isn't nearly as cheap as microSD, so they probably build the phone around the higher capacity ""base model"" and get cheap half-size-binned chips to make the lower capacity ones."
1	It'll probably take 300% longer to charge, too.
1	Man shut up, stop commenting on Google stuff and analogies about it!
0	my e-cig helped me to stop actual cigarettes, I find them disgusting now and can't even finish one. I just wonder if e-cigs liquid does more harm than actual cigs, as I have no idea what they put in them
0	So they'll work for 6 hours now. Great.
0	I too would have liked more from Reid. However, I'll take his rhetoric over what Blackburn is spewing.
0	The rip off isn't the first 16GB, it's the extra 16GB you're buying for $100
1	yeah just look at how the prices were falling before Obamacare
0	"You know someone has run out of bull crap to say once they start relying on jokes to push their ""arguments."" There's a reason Comcast is literally the WORST company in America."
1	Yes, because clearly it's capitalism that is to blame here.
0	Yes, we've established that. Good job getting to the root of what I was trying to point out.
1	Oh come on.  People wouldn't sell their opinions for money!
1	Yeah, let's regulate the population.
0	"""Everyone realizes it""? I suggest you take a trip over to r/politics."
0	Illegal? Sure. Felony? Hell no.
1	Glad to see my tax dollars hard at work
0	The problem is everyone saying that the government is stupid for trying to enforce these laws. They are laws, and for good reason. Will that stop people? No. Do I care? No. But I'm not going to try to tell the government to not try to enforce it. This is a classic case why you can't let people govern themselves.
0	So I guess we're sort of giving up on the war on drugs and turning to the war on semi-illegal piracy?  Thanks obama
0	Is this the new drug war?
1	racist
0	Stealing means taking away. He's just getting free access to a service that would normally cost. Just like downloading copyrighted material isn't stealing, it's illegal copying.
0	Clicked that link on my dog caller
1	If we mix all these issues together, even the contradictory ones, then surely people in power will listen to us!  Occupy Internet!
0	A page from the TeaBag history book.
0	If Netflixs problem was ISP's throttling their stream, then they would not have invented their open connect devices. And Google wouldn't need to connect them to their Google Fiber since Google doesn't throttle.
0	Have you ever been in an airport and connected to the Wi-Fi without paying? Sometimes, they allow you to surf their webpage and a small amount of other pages from the homepage that comes up but nothing else until you pay. I really think that may be the internet experience in the future. How terrible.
1	OMG GAIS WE ALREADY LOST NOTHING EVER CHANGES FUCK IT ALL LETS JUST GIVE UP NOW!
1	Yeah, the Sherman and Clayton Anti-Trust Acts never passed and Roosevelt, Taft, and Wilson didn't break up hundreds of corporations.
0	He means we need a non-commercial Internet so we can exchange information with each other the way it was before the corporate world descended on the Internet and made it a commercial space. The first time I got on the Internet, it was via an open port at a University (in Michigan I think), and the only places you could go really were other University systems. There was no world wide web.
1	Whew.  Thank God it's only fugitives... I thought for a second they could track anyone.
0	Well, it's a good start.  The article actually say 2-3 times.  Imagine A Tesla going 600-900 miles on a charge.  Or a six minute charge that goes 300 miles.
1	Just who do you think *you* are? Your 'betters' will *tell* you who has credibility.
0	You mean it streams it to your iPhone, then airplays it to AppleTV.   So why tie up one device, when you can tie up two!
0	"I wonder how long before these 4 senators die in ""mysterious"" circumstances"
0	I wouldnt say the porn is better. It's just more creative. And sometimes, you just need to whack it to the weirdest, crazy or disgusting porn you can find. And that is where Japan steps in and offers you 2 girls 1 octopus.
1	Does windows 8 phones now have a desktop ui?
0	All those videos that claim to have the iPhone 6 screen (maybe they do) use tests that wouldn't scratch a Gorilla Glass screen either. They keep using knives and stuff when they really just need to grind sand into it.
0	I'm not sure why you are being downvoted, that is hilarious.
0	You can, but you now need to take the extra step (and out of pocket cost) of setting up a VPN to route traffic through to your TV.
0	You do a traceroute to Netflix and one **to** the VPN server(not through).  If both go through the same border gateway to get off Verizon's network, then there is throttling. Or if they take two different paths out the network, throttling may be occurring, but the test is inconclusive (does not apply)
0	I used 7 gb last month. Do you think this will affect me?
0	Yep. Spent $749 + tax on the iPhone 5S when it came out so I could keep my unlimited data plan.
0	Fuck dude. 4.7 gigs in a month? I use that much in a day. This is my only internet. I hope living in the country saves me from this.
1	This is correct, and the key aspect, and this should be the top reply.  I sure am glad they flat-out lied to me when I upgraded my phone a year or two ago and told me I *had* to lose the grandfathered unlimited data, so now I don't have to deal with this.
0	Nah, that's XxRaptor_Jesus_420BlazeIt_xX
0	"XLTE is a marketing term made by Verizon to advertise and differentiate it from there previous ""regular"" LTE. XLTE is just a faster version of current 4g technology. Since XLTE is Verizon's own marketing term it will become a thing when they get around to setting it up."
1	It's about time. The civil penalties are a joke.
1	Well its on the internet it has to be true.
0	"...raising the question, ""_why_""?"
0	Well evidence is nice to show, otherwise your just some asshole on the internet speaking out his ass
1	It's the government they would only ever censor for your own good.
0	Ah, well I'm not sure why anyone would expect differently in that case.
1	Bell labs. Nope, no innovation there.
0	I like the previous two.  They were hilarious!   I think you are believing they're serious action movies, but they're actually comedies.  Lighten up, bud!
0	I'm sure it's Oscar level stuff.
1	I had no idea what this movie was about or what would possibly happen, YOU EVIL PIRATES
1	i'm still leeching help out guys!
0	Seattle has a dollar theater where they play old movies, and a $3 theater where they play movies that have been out for a month or two.
0	The plot was so intriguing.
0	You can be pretty sure that they will implement that on Twitch.
1	Oh boy! Only $1000 for 1TB! Fucking THANK YOU AT&amp;T!
1	Shocking
0	I have a cold slice of pizza from last Friday in the fridge. So I guess I can give that
1	But.. But.. everyone loves Windows. I just don't.. understand.
0	Maybe they are referring to the *surplus* military vehicles being bought by departments across the country along with the military-style gear that SWAT teams have started using, including similar body armor and weapons
0	Although I would love to see this, their customers have limited options for other service and Verizon loves to lock them into contracts.
0	Do YOU have billions in startup capital? Cuz if so, I'm on board.
0	It's cool she can always make some more videos whining about it and monetise those too.
0	Yeah that's what I'm going to end up doing, I already know it. But that isn't going to stop me.
0	Thank god your opinion matters. I don't know what I'd do without you.
0	Yep, switching to T-mobile. Not supporting this vile fucking company anymore.
0	You could always randomly throtle the cpu qnd gpu. That should be enough to change the fingerprint.
1	Come on guys, we all know the NSA only uses back doors that are specifically put there for them!
1	yeah, but it's apple so it cant have any viruses!!
0	CPU, GPU, fonts, wait, what? Why would it need access to that? When you load the tracking pixel image, it logs your IP address, browser data, referrer, etc. Tracking software doesn't care about fonts, CPU, or GPU.
0	Doesn't a hosts file with 15K entries impair lookup performance? Sounds like you'd profit from an actual local DNS server.
0	"""Bad puppies, we love you!"" Ok if someone gets that I will be very happy."
0	I have to wonder how hard they've been getting hit with cancellations for this statement to have been made.
0	Not as angry as their accident victims and their families I bet.
0	That would be so hard to do, a company like Google would never take on a challenge like that, no sir. Revolutionary ideas and tech, what? You must be thinking of a different company.
0	No, often it is a control issue.  Not for you necessarily, but I know many who cannot give up the control.
0	but worse for the environment, mass transit is more efficient. It's a shame we don't invest in it properly.
1	Exactly, just like how horses still have TONS of uses
1	That's $871 billion dollars that go to people doing work. What are you... against jobs????!!!!!
0	Yeah... good thing we didn't invent those train things some time ago.
0	Think of all the police budget that will be lost when there's no more speeding/DUI to pad their budgets.  They'll just have their post Afghanistan war toys to keep them occupied.
0	"I don't understand why this sentiment is seemingly randomly voted to the top or driven to the bottom with ""what are YOU doing they have to listen "" BS"
0	He's not wrong, but I don't see the relevance in his statement.
0	THIS is how you do away with the inefficiency of insurance companies. You use technology to make the risks they insure against obsolete.
0	So a lot of ambulance drivers/paramedics, fire and rescue, tow trucks, salvage yards, ER doctors and nurses, orthopedists, physical therapists, insurance adjusters and car salesmen would be losing a lot of business that results from car accidents.
0	Well thats the kind of problem that an open market prevents. That type of price increase only really happens with public utilities, and monopolies. Any business would know that after a few years it's cheaper to buy the self driving truck than continue to pay a driver, and they will invest in those trucks if they know they'll be able to beat the pricing of another company who raised their prices.
0	I have no respect for the USA, I do have respect for the constitution that founded this country and made it a world power. I constantly object to our present actions in protests, but those have little power in this day and age. We should press the reset button on the US and become what we were.
0	The comments from the ISPs will.
1	Who cares? Constitution is dead.
0	So if you know the nsa reads postal mail all the time and it's a common practice,  the nsa is then allowed to read your mail.
1	Well this is reassuring. I was wondering when someone was gonna step up and protect me from myself. Thanks Apple!
1	Omg, you mean someone who has access to my wifis could be a dick and mess with my 'puters? Impossible I say!
0	Money laundering scheme? Good.
0	BECAUSE ENERGY DENSITY
0	So we handed it over to our team racing driver The Stig.
0	Looks like it has bicycle wheels too. Lower friction is more important than grip and safety to those guys.
0	exactly. the thing weighs 661lbs. likely has no ac or power anything. no air bags, trunk space. doesn't even look like it has lights. it's exciting but a long ways for being road ready.
1	It's good to see Republicans sticking to one of their core values - avoiding the free market, discouraging competition and creating monopolies.
0	I don't even know what you are arguing.
0	Nobody disagrees. Except the lobbyists, of course.
1	Wait, I thought that would cost too much?
0	Does your Macbook have a discrete graphics card? I've heard the problem with Chrome is that it runs that thing full time.
0	How is this legal?
0	Could we start doing kick starters for legal defense against these bastards? If we crowdsourced funding to fight them would that make it unprofitable for them to be such litigious bullies?
0	Then where were all of you to say no to the Iraq invasion?
0	Exactly. The dragnet of American communications was done by the FISA court as one of the Obama's administrations first actions after he took office.  It is explained in great deal in Snowden's book.
0	Wasn't suggesting getting rid of it. But it needs to be fixed so it is not used by employers primarily to drive down wages for technical workers.
1	But.. But everyone knows it was obama who started the nsa spying. And the war on terror. And the drone strikes.
0	How am I an idiot? I said they. I am not a conservative, I was just pointing out how he was viewing his grandmothers opinions as hypocritical when they aren't.
0	Comcast supports net neutrality though just look at their corporate site.
1	Being the CEO of a company makes him a sympathetic figure to the general population, someone we can really relate to. It makes the problem hit closer to home
1	Facebook morality allows videos showing the beheading of women but not naked women, they have to draw the line somewhere.
0	Right, because there definitely isn't large governments regulating the health industry to financial death or crowding out the market for roads. That never happens, it's all a byproduct of free markets.  Even though the markets aren't actually free.
1	Fwew.. Good thing that hasn't happened yet!
0	Who cares. They're throttling Netflix speed already anyways.
0	Why does anyone still listen to AEI or anyone associated it? They're nothing more than an intermediary between corporations and the pseudoscience/pseudoeconomics produced to promote their interests.
1	Please don't give them any more ideas.
0	Better reread that contract you signed.
0	Dick butt
1	"Don't worry guise, they'll have ""fast lanes"" soon, to ""fix"" all of this."
0	How's this blogspam? It was an informative article on a pertinent topic, directly related to current affairs in the technology sector.
1	good thing they didn't succeeded in the meantime.
0	Have fun looking at pictures of my dick and balls, fuckers
0	The CP can and probably will be denied. Unless the person was 17 at the time or something. I think in the future people will be much more tolerant. This isn't the 1700s when ankles were seen as full blown hardcore porn. I think people will get angry at the media for not respecting privacy. I assume privacy will be seen as sacred in the future once it gets trampled on in a very real way.
0	"Not to mention the whole implied ""we has soldiers, therefore if you criticize us you're a dirty terrorist""."
0	Apple controls almost all of their market. But they do have reseller and it is working just fine for them. Some of the resellers even sell Apple goods for less than apple does. Should we make a law saying Apple can't sell their computers?
1	Yeah. And guess whose fault that was? That's right... Mr. former Head of the Business Division at Microsoft, turned CEO of Nokia and now Executive Vice President of Microsoft's Devices &amp; Services business unit - Stephen Elop. It's all one big coincidence!
1	They should team up with the NSA they have the equipment and employees already in place. They also have no shortage of funding.
0	Read the fucking article, douchebag
1	No more android phones?  Great idea.  Your product is so superior.
1	Greed is good.  Long live greed.
0	Man, Brother.
1	Because someone engaging in illegal filesharing will supply truthful information 100% of the time, and software is impossible to alter.
0	Mr. Samir Naga... Naga... Naga... Not gonna work here anymore, anyway.
0	yes
0	in words of an utterly drunk Churchill - the best argument **against** democracy is a 10 minute conversation with average voter.
1	I know let's vote for someone else! Wait that doesn't seem to work hmmm what to do....I know let's vote for someone else! Wait that doesnt seem to work hmmm what to do....I know let's vote for someone else! Etc.
0	Last I checked my options were...oh yeah, nothing. Because our road doesn't have enough people to be worth putting a cable line in, and there aren't any rules forcing them to.
1	Super hard to do on mobile. Hope I didn't screw the script. Hooray Texas, I'm sure my voice will be heard!
0	Every side is a problem here.  Don't discriminate. :)
1	Makes sense. NBC has comcast. Why shouldn't Fox have time warner?
0	Their letter is a joke. Right? Please. Someone tell me it's a joke.
1	IBM *designing* apps for iOS. Finally.
0	I get slightly over 58 mpg on my Prius.  It's good for what it does at the moment, but in a few years it will feel like a gas guzzler compared to all the EVs on the road.
0	I blame the Christians for ruining fictional books.
1	Throw a stick of RAM at it, it can't be that hard
0	What fanboism? It's an article about a deal between two huge companies that is going to be a huge boon for the enterprise.
1	It's starting to make sense now. You see, those same scary hackers could hack the SCADA systems as easily as they could the FCC systems, meaning that it's only a matter of time before they shut down power grids or overwhelm the local water supply. Lives are literally at stake here. As many of the security tools used by public utilities are increasingly cloud-based, it's vital that an internet fast lane be created in order to create more efficiency in the security scanning and remediation process. This isn't about dollars and cents- it's about LIVES.
0	And we'll just dump all that spent fuel in your backyard for a few millennia, how nice of you.
0	However there are occasions that I see on this site where people blame a politician's or judges decision on being technologically illiterate and vilify the decision, but I look at it and think they made the right call and even certain technologically literate people would still make the same call.
1	The cynic in me says there's a revolving door. Today they're trying to exert influence over the regulators and tomorrow they'll be back to being *users* of the Internet. No different from the lobbyists turning into cable execs, really.
0	Enjoy the porn, NSA!
0	It'll crash servers faster
0	No xbox will enter my household, ever. And we are still on Minecraft phase.
0	Not the web server completely. Just php.
0	The fact he was calling to cancel his service? People don't just do that out of the blue.
0	Buzzsaw 2016!
0	Can't be darker than my slightly blacker turtlenecks
1	Don't worry guys, everything will be a *lot* better after they merge with Time Warner.
1	Maaaaybe they have realised the errors of their ways and embraced the new laws...?
0	Chrome doesn't even use it's own engine on iOS it uses the same Apple made version of Webkit as Safari only without the Javascript and a few other performance optimisations for security reasons.
1	how about a fast lane for the FCC at least
0	The first question is intentionally misleading.
1	Geeze dude... They didn't want to answer you on the phone and now you are still bugging them here??
1	Good, now we can control the birth rate of poor people to stop putting children in the world that cannot eat or drain resources
0	"It would not surprise me if there were a programmer somewhere trying his hardest not to scream at his manager that if they'd listened to him when he told them that ""No, sharding is not a nice-to-have."" this whole thing would be a non-issue."
1	You see, they sorted all the comments as they came in based on whether they were pro-neutrality or anti-neutrality. It just so happened that the pro-neutrality database failed on the last day for commenting and all the comments were lost. Oh well, the FCC must carry on with the comments they have!
0	Oh wow that IS really cool. I'm big on Evernote but I also really enjoy the ease of onenote, and a quick switch would be incredibly convenient.
0	I'm in
0	Mine is currently running my ASIC bitcoin miner.  After my ASIC retires it will control my sprinkler system.
0	You have got to be fucking kidding me
1	No, sharing is communism. Has the cold war taught you nothing?
0	This is what bears do when humans aren't looking.  They're fucking weirdos, man.
0	If a piece of Free Software doesn't work on a given arch for non-obvious reasons (emulators, etc), it's a bug. Free Software is expected to compile and run on anything supported by gcc, generally speaking.
0	Doesn't matter if every single comment is against what they want they will see that only some 650k people commented and ignore it.
0	Popcorntime user, not affected.
0	The past few days Netflix is being throttled on ATT Uverse and on Comcast.
1	probable.
0	"You could have just suggested the use of Powershell w/o all the douchery of being one of ""those"" guys."
0	It would be for mere mortals, corporations dont have to abide by such peasant notions.
0	You're forgetting that even embedding those (for free) as you say is only beneficial to Netflix. Those physical boxes would be running on Verizon/Comcast/etc's dime and those companies have 0 incentive to allow that.
0	Obviously they just want more money! They should stop being so greedy and pay Verizon more money so that streaming can be faster!
0	The real slap in the face is EA won't let me redeem my old keys for newer Origin copies. They don't even host the patches for those games anymore.
0	But potato salad is so good.
0	There's no expectation that everyone will respond. What they do is assess the total number of responses to see how many For and how many Against, and take that as a representative sample of the whole.
0	He's agreeing with you
0	Which are completely illegal.
0	That might be fair, but the whole post read like a fwd from grandma and the source is an anonymous craigslist posting.
1	Everybody knows shootings are just a routine part of life for the undesirables that have been discarded by society and fenced off in their ghettos, but shootings that happen to white people with a little bit of money- now that's news!
1	it s just one more five
0	High quality sniper rounds already cost an arm.
0	Boom.
1	But... but... we send strongly worded comments saying what a bad idea it was.  Isn't that doing something about it?
0	I don't understand the statement about Verizon against acquring Dish. Isn't it AT&amp;T looking to buy them?
0	but how is it different than email communication storage?
0	how easy is it to search for key words in?
1	"""But if you're not doing anything wrong, why would you care who's recording?"""
0	People didn't listen to me when I said the majority of the internet goes through the US :| but I told you so.
0	This is a war of attrition that they're going to win if we don't pass laws to make stupid shit like this illegal.
0	guys, guys, just let it go.  if gay marriage can be legal, this can be legal.  i'm not saying i like either, but persistent effort gets results.  even more so with persistent effort with __________________ (fill in whatever cliche you were thinking of).
0	Admittedly, I'm sure he pales in comparison to your undoubtedly significant contributions to society, but give the guy a break!  At least he's trying, right?
0	And the tone of yours makes you sound like a MSFT employee who also doesn't know anything about how big corporations run their fiances.
1	No, because they are the ones paying money for votes, so they're pretty stand up guys
0	"Not everyone uses TV's just for watching cable... Chromecast, video games, laptop connection, etc. I never use either of my 50"" LED's for watching cable."
0	That resolution though... 1200 x 800?
0	Absolutely!
0	Wait do you have an actual source for that? Sounds interesting.
1	Chromebooks are the best selling computer on Amazon!
1	But it's totally accountable.  It would be so hard to cook the books on a kickstarter project
0	I've heard Elon Musk is an absolute asshole to work for. not looking up the source do some research. Richard Branson's businesses aren't as complex and labor intensive as some tech firms are.
1	Yeah! More Dr. Who and Zelda tshirts!
0	"...and they kick it off with a damn Roomba.  $10 says tomorrow's ""Meh"" is a Leak Frog."
1	Basically to control Twitter, Reddit and Facebook so no one says anything bad about the government. Which historically has *always turned out for the better*.
0	Pedo Cops
0	Stealing implies taking something without compensation. Copying doesn't imply that.
1	No we all need google fibre
0	Technically you can mod it to bypass that (some engies I know did it), but it is a pain in the ass, it is slow, and they did it because they had to trick an internet filter. No reason to do so normally
0	And that man?  Albert Einstein.
0	Here we go again.
0	I hear they taste like pork.
1	It's a good thing the American people are so laser-focused on gay marriage!
1	So I'm right. You don't subscribe to any of them and now you pontificate to us about our alleged entitledness. Yes. The lost generation is certainly described as entitled.
0	That's not necessarily true. I used to get my music from less legitimate sources because my options were limited. With streaming services popping up with expanded availability in other countries, I've made the switch.  I have no problem paying $20 a month for me and my girlfriend to have access to the content we want, when we want it.
0	Tons of people are using US Netflix outside of the US.
0	Well, I suppose getting a super dose of hormones would wreck you pretty good, but the point is, we rely on tons of machines all the time. What if a plane gets hacked? What if a train gets hacked? Millions of people put their lives in the hands of computers every day and for the most part, it is just fine. Everything has computers in it, and people seem ok with all that.
0	We'll see.
1	Yes, your bajingo will beep when it's on.
1	I'm half way through, do Ortiz and Heymann still have their jobs?
0	FUCK, SPOILERS MAN.
1	Thats ok, they just will not look at them until they come up with a reason to make everyone a terrorist
0	Finally, crime is solved!
0	the world is ending. omg
1	But that's how cable is! You should want the same thing but internet!
0	What if someone built a bomb and checked in the luggage. What if the bomb had the ability to search for and connect to a WiFi network. What if the terrorist then wrote an app that would connect o the same network on the plane and then with a tap of a button engage the contacts in the bag below? Then the phone would turn on. Heck the phone **must** turn on. What then?
1	Right, so if any free/cheap service should not be permitted to create a large audience without paying for larger roads. Let's make sure we protect bloated slow ISPs at the expense of small services. Good plan.
0	Half the demo house in the docu is insulated from fire, explosion, chemical/biological attacks, and has supplies to live 3 months without much noticeable change in living arrangements.
0	Unfortunately, it has only been legal bribery for years.
1	Stop giving them ideas, dammit!
0	The other electric cars available all use a compatible charger and plug. It was developed in cooperation.
0	And always will, until they die. That's what the 2 for 1 stock split was for earlier.
1	Yeah, I'm sure it'll work well, Cubify machines always live up to their claims...
0	FF has supported VP9 for months.
0	And that's perfectly fine with me.
0	Why would you buy an Apple display unless you are a real power user? If you want the OS X user experience without the extraordinary cost of an iMac, Mac Pro, or Macbook, the cheapest option is a $599 Mac Mini, a ~$200 monitor (I'm rocking a 24 inch LED ViewSonic display with 1080p support that was about $180 when I bought it a few years ago), and an Apple Keyboard with a Magic Mouse/Trackpad. That's a set up that any non-power user would fine more than acceptable, all for roughly $920. You could even go with a standard Keyboard/Mouse and save probably $100.
0	You know, there's more to an OS than the individual tasks you're capable of completing.
0	RAM soldered to the mobo isn't uncommon in the laptop world.  That being said, I have yet to find a laptop manufacturer who doesn't screw you in some way
0	There equal to intel on laptop power consumption. The current ones are only a smidgen slower than comparable intel ones on the CPU side. However the new kaveri's that have been benchmarked have the same power consumption, but much higher performance. They're also the first laptop APUs to have HSA.
0	Thats not surprising at all. I wouldn't want my kids on Reddit.
1	So glad that a mature and sensible individual such as yourself came along to add such in depth discussion.
0	Then i stand corrected.
0	Not surprisingly, the Russian government doesn't understand the internet.
0	Wrong. Shut up.
0	And yet the ads play perfectly smooth in full HD, every single time.
0	Are they gonna be corrupted too?
0	*force websites that store personal information of Russian citizens.
0	Lol tnx, I actually DESPERATELY want the government to monitor me so maybe one day they'll realize what a huge waste of time and money monitoring law abiding citizens is.
0	Wow. They probably REALLY don't like all those BackTrack and Pentoo ISOs I've DL'ed either.
0	"Can someone explain what his problem with Apple is? He doesn't really expand on it like he does with his other points, just saying ""Apple big bad company me no likey."""
0	Then you have a redress in court: you sue for libel and/or defamation.
1	"Most ""tin foil"" these days is made of aluminum, not tin, so it's not really that effective. What you want is wire mesh, like in the door of a microwave oven."
0	jew know it!
0	!edgy3nough
0	2edgy4me
0	Google can only ignore it in the sense that if they do, the person requesting will then just go to a court and get an order to do it anyway. They are by all practical means forced.
0	No, just someone who can go to Audi and BMW web pages and do some research.  Something that the author of this article the person who decided to copy their bullshit into the title of their submission apparently weren't able to do.
1	Why investigate when the solution to fraud is lower taxes, smaller government?
1	Wow, this is a completely unforeseen side effect of the right-to-be-forgotten law. It's too bad nobody brought up that this sort of thing would happen.
1	Just say you're loyal to Angelfire and you'd rather only have pictures there.
0	honestly they do. i said earlier that they make pretty good cars. the leaf isn't bad. it's not great, but it is what it is. a econo EV car.
0	Compared to Mitt Romney, he is.
0	Because Fascism
0	"The general public ""elects"" one of two or three candidates that have been approved by our money-wielding overseers. If a candidate doesn't have enough money behind him he can't even get on a ballot."
0	Seriously facebook isn't forcing anyone to have an account.
1	But that doesn't conform to the echo chamber!
0	We have to get through it again before the next one comes out.
0	...until oil doubles in price, and the cost of solar drops in half.
0	A vote for Zombie Roosevelt is a vote for brains.
1	Screw Microsoft for pre-installing IE, though.
0	So people who work for gun manufacturers should not be surprised to get shot at work. People who work for pharmaceutical companies should expect a roofie.
1	Yeah, because the rig ballots
0	Our votes don't matter, unfortunately.
1	remember when they broke up Ma Bell? It's nice to see it coming back together again.
0	I dunno if it's cause my AC kicked on in the middle, but I got goose bumps while reading this.
1	Yeah, the other guy wouldn't have screwed us!
1	...but but something something monopoly equals lower cost something something equates to savings.  I mean when has a monopolizing corporation ever exploited the consumer?
0	Where does Armstrong cable fit in to this mess?
1	OH THAT'S IT, YOU'RE TAGGED AS AMERICA-HATING TERRORIST!
1	I'm shocked. Truly shocked.
0	I have contact with my best friends mostly via facebook and skype. Please tell me how bad of a friend they are.
0	Tom would never have done that to me.
0	Well, considering how much the US is pushing for conflict against them and Russia and how the western world actually believes US propaganda, this might be the only viable solution in the future. ;)
0	After being an anti-glass white knight, you can earn your G.E.D for real this time
1	Imagine if advertisers did awful things like try different campaigns evoking different emotions and then tracked the change in consumer behavior.  What a shocking and new process that would be.
0	Good to see we are not letting rational, critical and logical thinking get in the way of hysteria
0	The real test is going to be snow, both for traction and breaking timing and to see how it deals with the loss of those convenient lines on the road.
1	Because they let everyone read it before congress passed it.
1	You should work for Google's research division. I bet they haven't thought of this.
0	One solution - Have a screen where the driver can point to where they want the car parked.
1	Good for you, uniting the people against racism, that's nice to see.
0	If you use too much data,  they force you to business class.  No symmetrical speed for you at that point since this is only available for residential class.
0	Seriously, I had to go back and check what sub I was in.
0	I wonder how many on this list have a security clearance of secret or higher?
1	Yup, when I want to instantly chat back and forth for a while, email is totally preferable. Yup, when I want to send out a group invite with all sorts of information, along with an easy notification for people accepting or denying the invite, an email is totally preferable. Yup, when I want to look at large picture albums of my friend's vacations, email is preferable.
1	NSA, I found him. He's right here!
1	Woo boy! Can't do without that Jersey Shore!
0	I have Sudden Link. Panhandle of Texas. $50 a month for 50mb down 3 up with 300gb data cap.
1	You aren't getting truly 1GB, see, this is what comcast is talking about!!! They are ruining broadband in america
1	She said it and she's a Senator so it must be true!
0	Isn't the verge just click bait now?
0	I do so love corporate shills.
0	Nobody's really looking forward to that. We probably won't even see a single media article about it. Apple being on such a decline and all.
1	You guys need to try Redbox Instant by Verizon. It runs flawlessly on my Verizon FIOS compared to Netflix
0	Coal mostly from vegetation in wetlands, oil and gas mostly from algae and zooplankton.
1	You're forgetting caloric power that drives us all!
0	You are more than qualified to be a supreme court justice then.
0	Speech to text sounds like a very good idea. You could look like a secret agent! A nano chip in your brain may end up malfunctioning and all your deepest fantasies are revealed to your friends.
1	lol Ron Paul 2016 amirite!?
0	There were billing complaints since they only offered product on continuity and people often didn't realize they were on automatic orders. I'd say they might have deserved a C. Absolutely nothing was changed other than paying for a membership to change to A+.
1	Bro, I play COD all day when i'm not banging your mom
0	3edgy5me
1	Sure, but don't people have democracy nowadays?
0	You can buy multiple of them, they come with 2
1	Than*
0	Gotcha. I guess when I buy phones I think about what I want to use for the next year or two or more. But folks who want to preserve their phones to show their children in 20 years then yeah maybe Android is the better option.
0	I dunno, Putin's having a nice, big, strong hold on Russia right now as Dictator Pro Vita.
1	Sounds like a good idea
1	Yeah, it's not like that 1950's America, where everyone was arrested equally!
1	Wait. Are you saying that if it's not possible to put the router in the middle of the apartment, then that's where you should put it?  I really don't get physics, man.
0	FWIW, a lot of mods talked to the reporter (and from my understanding, the admins as well) about automod, the different variations and customizations, how it works, what automod does well, and what makes automod insufficient. A lot of things that were discussed in detail didn't make it to print. The mods can't do anything about that. Also, I don't know if this is true or not but I could see the conversations about automod being left out simply because it would take a lot of space to properly explain it all to the average reader. Even some of our regular reddit users don't understand or know about automod. Why get bogged down on a long explanation of automod when the focus is on something bigger than that?
1	The human eye can only see 30
0	Exactly or maybe not even seek out the police, because they know they will come with a camera. It's already not uncommon for them to deny those things or not seek help.
1	But guyyys, we can't *waste* money on cameras, our military is running on a shoestring budget as it is!
1	"Sign? Are you kidding?  A verbal ""promise"" is plenty, especially from Comcast."
0	And how many of them wear a helmet?
0	The Taser product is something like $800, plus the cost of data retention.  It would be interesting to compare that to the savings from cheaper prosecutions (better evidence) and a reduction in police misconduct.
0	The Internet Elders did not give their blessing.
1	But I thought they already told us what we think
0	Any word on if this is a hardware or software thing?  I'm assuming hardware.  That being said, how long do you think it'll be before someone comes up with a software patch for rooted phones to block it?
0	I'm not exempting local governments from responsibility.  I just think you need to include the fact that ISPs had a large role in creating the local monopolies.
1	Can't see this being abused to further censor what Facebook users can see.
0	Also, if there was another attack it wouldn't be stopped by TSA.
1	I love how mainstream news outlets include tweets from random people now
0	It's to keep the same twc and concast bullshit off there day in and day out. Seeing as this is actual news it will be let through. It was probably automatically filtered.
1	Terrorist attack. We should allow the merger and let the good guys protect our pipes.TimeCast knows what is best for us.
0	I'm not sure, I assume TWC has a lot of resources to throw at this.  Sometime today, I would assume.
1	Note: become a crooked politician.
0	Paying $100 for 50-5, lucky to get 15 on a good day. Fuck Comcast.
0	Says Marxists world-wide who refuse to confront the fact that Marxism was responsible for dozens of millions of murders.
0	Maybe I *do* want to provide WiFi to the neighborhood. I have a router that provides multiple SSIDs; I'm seriously considering selling my bandwidth to the neighbors so that I don't have to pay for internet.
0	Link me to the time when free trade killed hundreds of millions of people.
0	You are sad and you need to grow up.
0	In that case they could just use Ubuntu Kylin already. If there's any legitimacy behind their claims that this has to do with the NSA spying then they would want to have something they audit and compile on their own soil using their own machines and software they think they can trust.
0	You work for charter?  What's the non-intro rate, and I plan on calling and asking for a new promo.  No reason you can't provide me a decent internet rate.
0	Right now, I'm more concerned with humans exterminating humanity.
0	DSL (ADSL) is more common, but has worked the same for ISDN, Cable, even the new fiber stuff.
1	Exactly. Instead we do it with fees, and charges, and deposits. You know so it's legit.
0	Get your shit together, Comcast.
1	If Steam had paid Comcast this wouldn't have happened.
0	I heard Comcast killed Spiderman.  He was stealing cable.
1	How dare you question the authority of US government. They always know what's best for you.
0	Steam makes heavy use of P2P though which is pretty much indistinguishable from other P2P traffic.
0	Well no, not really but...  Well, no.
0	Zero. It detects the earthquake right before it happens.
0	I have 0 doubts that this is where Comcast would like the internet to go.
0	"I was speaking sort of in jest. I agree with you about the sheltering and bubbles. All they hear about feminism etc is what's contained in their vitriolic rants to each other. They've never really bothered to go and genuinely learn about these issues. This ignorance makes them come across as rape and pedo supporters. I'm sure some of them really do support those things, though probably not ""half""."
0	Can you link to hateful comments?  I haven't seen any that seemed hateful.
0	Or the bartender was putting a fuck ton of liquor in the mixed drink.
0	Be afraid of everyone.
0	Yeah well it takes a lot of education and work to become a judge or lawyer. What does it take to be a jurror? Being a registered voter or having a valid driver's license?
0	x86 gives good performance but there isn't as much room for improvement, in most previous console generations weird hardware was used which made programming difficult but the developers got better with time.
1	B, but, BIRD GENOCIDE
0	That doesn't make any grammatical sense at all, though.
0	So it's actually various apps but they have to know what you're doing and when you're doing it. How is this a concern?
0	Good to see NH is not on that list.
0	Charter in my area.
0	i had problems with att and netflix, upgraded the plan and no more problems
1	Nice, I guess this confirms the I-phone 6 will have a 100,000 mAh battery
0	Sorry :-/ I just don't remember ever doing that. What if someone steals your card?
0	"Im going to start ""holy order of stupid laws are blasphemy"" and be offended every fucktard that comes up with shitty laws."
1	clearly the media companies billions are more important than a few thousand women
0	"Well, if we believe in stuff like Tulpa effect and a god system similar to something like the one in American Gods. The power of of a god greatly depends on the strength of the believe if its follower. So arguably this can affect these ""gods"" greatly."
0	the movie pirates of silicon valley cover it pretty well
0	I like SpaceX and everything, don't get me wrong, buy why can Texas afford this, but not help fund NASA or something along those lines?
1	Well,  just take the Internet with you.  It comes on HDDs now right?
0	The locals will largely get the jobs that provide support and services to the people working at that site. An influx of money typically does bring jobs to the locals one way or another.
1	You're right, that makes no difference considering the taxes in Texas are so high
0	Except it was between world powers. The bulk of the work was done by NASA. Not denigrating SpaceX at all but they're an incremental improvement over the massive amount of government work they stand on
0	Yeah I realized it, just wanted to at my 2 cents :)
0	Light rail increases property value, just a question of valuable to whom.  You aren't going to find a lot of family homes. But you will find a lot of condo and retail developers who would love to tear your house down
0	Nah. Timed or triggered pictures have a much better claim of having been set up by their photographers, and automated cameras are a very grey area. This case was pretty clear, and Wikimedians aren't assholes, usually.
0	That will show them.
1	The free market will self police, don't worry
0	What a deal!  I'm already paying nearly $600 a year for Internet with ads. This ad-free Internet will be a big money saver.
0	RPS isn't very good either.
0	"The term ""Net Neutrality"" is perfect. It describes exactly what we want and when the FCC try to push their bullshit policies in the name of net neutrality, the contrast between what they are doing and what they claim to be doing becomes painfully clear. Internet fast lanes are the opposite of neutral."
0	Interneutrality.
1	The shadow of a rumor. How exciting.
0	They could if it was between them and any of their numerous vacations.
0	I'm in.
1	I'm not paying for your Internet.  Get a job goddammit.
0	Digital Desegregation
0	It's all well and good until Comcast outbids us for your support.
1	Nope, panders to minorities.
0	"well considering they are trying to limit it and call it ""Neutrality"", we should just got with ""Cable Company Fuckery"""
0	That is why this is fucking stupid.
0	I finished the entire thing and I can tell you, it really isn't.
0	that's how news cycles general go around here. it won't last forever. in the meantime you can downvote and move on
0	here you go brother, i hope you find the help you need.
0	Surely you realize that whomever is voted into office will succumb to the bribery and corruption that exists there already. This has been going on forever, and it's not that nobody has voted a good and noble person into office, it's that they all give in.
1	Seems reasonable... commercially reasonable that is.
0	You misunderstood what I said to a large degree.
0	It was suggested further down, but this would be a good way to clear up what you're really paying for.
0	Yes, which is why this is total bullshit. The ISP subscribers are paying to access content. The ISPs are now charging providers for the ability to provide content. Double dipping.
1	"Those are actually great tiering models! We know not everyone can afford conventional oxygen at current demand because of all those greedy heavy breathers out there, but if we offered premium oxygen access and basic oxygen access we would capture the market for low end breathers. You know, ""light breathers""."
0	So smart.
0	I think the point is the 'free' cable that got added without him knowing. With the price going off the promotion that was still costing him money.
1	Simple. Dual autonomous turrets on top of the driverless cars. From deer to red mist in less than 3 seconds, and the path is clear!
0	If you're being serious you should stop posting.
0	The camera wouldn't only have a better reaction time. It would also have a much wider field of view and better vision range.
0	It's pretty awesome that I'll soon be able to drive a car without a license. 32 now, and never drove a car.
0	In Italy google's cars should be programmed to go 30mph over the speed limit
0	I'll have you know, I drove from Pennsylvania down to Atlanta, and I only thought I was going to die 17 times. 16 of those were within 10 miles of the Perimeter.
1	Unless the driver is white, that's not entirely unrealistic.
1	And if we can solve the problem at 150mph, we can solve it at 650mph, etc, etc.
0	We could call it.... e-z pass!
0	I'd rather support Google fiber than the people that gave me Detroit-Edison.
0	Copy, post. I took their word on the spelling.
0	most economically ignorant idea i've heard for some time.
1	No but google fiber right? Just like Provo has it in Utah, so I should benefit 10miles away... right?
1	What are you? Some kind of SOCIALIST?!
0	How come?
1	fuckin commie
1	BUT THAT'S SOCIALISM!
0	"as opposed to your sacred cow which is ""more state force will solve state force""?"
0	How can anonymous be owned?  All it is is a collective identify anyone can use, hell even the fbi can use it of they feel like it.
1	We do need as much privacy in *public* as we can possibly get!
0	I'm proud to report I don't have a single copy of anything shown in that article. Not bought, streamed or pirated.
1	Yeah Obama isn't a Muslim,  he's a commie.
0	Because Yahoo isn't spreading the virus, the hackers are simply buying Yahoo ads and when someone clicks them they get redirected between 500 websites some of which contain the virus
0	Finally a useful app for WP
0	This is part of the reason why I'm ditching windows and going to android. I'm tired of Microsoft's half assed attempt at a mobile platform.
1	they just like tactile feedback
0	Wow the circlejerk is strong here.
0	What are you implying?
0	Oh great, another article written by some moron who blindly clicked 'Yes' to every choice offered while setting up their new phone.
0	But apples are perfect....says all apple fan boys
1	I bet those people love their pcs now.
1	Exactly. At least Microsoft-built laptops are better than those shitty Linux ones.
1	And neither has my Xbox 360
0	I lost my hp1100 table combo laptop to the nvidiagate
0	Man who posts reposts article gets downvoted into oblivion.
1	But at least they don't get virus'
1	They used telephones!
0	Would the whole business of credit scores become illegal under this suggestion?
0	I don't always post comments, but when I do I don't read the articles.
0	Of course they'd change their policies after someone famous was upset.
0	The best professional is one who can be understood by someone with a decent grasp on the language they're speaking.
0	Also: everything. If an Android app wants to listen to you, it can. Or just read your whole SMS database and contacts list. You can't deny apps permissions on Android, and these kind of problems are never going to go away until we get an iOS like permission system.
0	Laser etched with diamond inlay wrapped in tungsten and submerged in mercury. Then lock it up in the box with all of the Cubs' world series victory banners. They'll never see the light of day anyway.
0	I've found that Verizon is at least capable of sending you a bill for the same amount of money every month.
0	What we have a new war? Why didn't anyone tell me? Stupid statist's.
1	The sheeple of course
0	Nothing wrong with that solution IMO
0	You're disappointed that a government service is not functioning to full capability?
0	I always think of humans being by Van Halen.
0	Folding@Home while Heating@Home
0	There are a lot of things that are inevitable.
0	I love my gas range.
1	Great !! Now GOP will make sure that there are internet fast lanes. Thanks Obama !!!
0	he always says the right thing, but his actions speak louder.
0	After it is resolved you should post the story (I'm sure while it's on going it would be unwise to talk about legal issues0
1	Sure he does, haven't you heard he's an all powerful tyrant who rules by executive orders?
0	PLEEEEASE OP.
1	"Well, for Comcast defense, you ""agreed, because it seemed like a decent deal"". It's not Comcast fault if you are gullible."
0	Well, they used labor from the camps and whatnot. I was stretching that I admit.
1	Logic? We don't need that witchcraft here in america.
0	I bet you still watch their movies and TV shows though
1	Yay Comcast! I'm so jealous of you Americans and your worlds best internet. I mean the USA is #1 in everything isn't it? And your FCC always looking out for the little guy. Should make you tear up with pride!
1	But then how do businesses do business there when they can't get what want all of the time?
0	Nice try, Comcast.
0	"the ""tch"" is really the icing on the cake"
0	Please stay on this. The amount of circle-jerking and slacktivism threats in this thread is enraging. You're the only one who seems to be putting any work into it.
0	If I remember correctly, OP moved to a different location.
0	Isn't paying the bill considered assumption of liability/blame?
0	"It's a parody of the rapper lil b, often referred to as Based God. ""Based X"" just means you think X is awesome. It helps that mod and god rhyme."
1	Dude, half your pasts are in the navy subreddit. Your obviously unbiased.
1	Try to get satellite Internet from a Canadian ISP. Tada, Com cast free.
0	People like you are the reason terrorist are trying to attack the USA. Fuck around in other countries for the lulz? What the fuck is wrong with you?
1	Gasp, an indian/pakistani decent person scamming people!!! Gasp
0	Thank you. Only serial killers eat smooth peanut butter.
1	But muh linux ISOs!
0	I wonder if the FEC considers murder voter suppression.
1	This is a big help for mobile users. thanks mods!
0	But cute this woman is not.
0	RIP Tomb Raider series.
0	Except for the fact that as a driver for lyft i've had my photo taken 100's of times by tourists. I have my car pointed at by 100's of kids saying hey mom look! I 've had 100's of other people point and smile. When I say 100's I really mean 1000's.
0	The only problem I see is that there's an FCC.
1	That'll show those trolls!
0	It was a joke. Radioshaft is a terrible place to buy any kind of cables, you definitely got ripped off.
0	Same speed as USB 3.0 or 3.1?
1	I like NPR. Don't see any better alternatives and honestly the news content isn't what I want anyway. Being informed will surely improve my life
0	Is this actually done by Intel or just a joke using Intel to give it some legitimacy?
0	"Corporations *are* like people in some ways.  Once they get so morbidly obese, they are so large they can't even wipe their own asses without a mop on a stick.  I've heard it called ""the dingleberry theory of corporate growth""."
0	No, after X amount of rides cancelled in Y amount of days, just start charging them a fee.
0	"Something people don't realize is that you can only bring the magnet price down so far. There isn't much of a ""bulk discount""."
0	Yeah, the ability to download files from AWS is kinda crucial to businesses. I don't think they're going to remove it just like that.
0	I would suck Google's dick for fiber here
0	very highly respected.
1	Yes, but what are the fees for your investment account? Also, what if the market tanks again?
0	There is an AdBlock option to block non-obtrusive ads. It's disabled by default.
0	Good point.  This happened back at the tail end of the dot-com boom, so there were thousands of small companies with new websites and it was hard to distinguish the good from the bad until you actually got to deal with them.  This company acted poorly until Amex dropped the hammer.
1	Wow I NEVER thought of that, so insightful.
0	Because not everywhere accepts AmEx?
0	That's not the way it works. Basic income would simply guarantee a minimum level of income for everyone without conditions. Then people work and earn more money on top of their basic income. It's not as if everyone will be forced to only live on basic income. Most people will not want to do that as it's boring and unfulfilling, just like now they'll want to earn more money when they can.
0	Like what?  Check out past president's activities.
0	wow, was that right about the time that ATT was trying to buy them? I have had tmobile for a long time, and there was a noticeable change in service style and priorities at that time.
0	Whats hilarious is Comcast owns entire areas, I have no other option BUT comcast in my area. Most of the South East US is like this.
0	you have spoken to the same script.
0	This isn't odd. Go check out most state transparency sites. The state legislature doesn't usually report either. While they're busy fucking you out of your tax money and sending it to their buddies in the private sector, they're also busy making sure you believe the state agencies are the ones that need to be gutted because they're lazy and overpaid.
0	Well, it's not floppy.
0	Armchair activists asssssssemblllllleeee!
0	Swarm is actually a pretty cool app with an idea that is different from Foursquare... which is exactly why they shouldn't have forced Foursquare users to use it as it does not provide a service they wanted in the first place.
0	And 23% of our power is already supplied by this 'clean energy', though it's mostly that high due to hydroelectric power (which is nearly 10% of the state's power generation). Hydroelectric provides its own slate of problems, but in the long run a properly-planned and managed dam is better than coal or natural gas.
1	Yup, you're totally right.  White people are the *only* people who've ever had any remarkable accomplishments, and are the last bastion of knowledge and innovation on this planet with absolutely no inferior members whatsoever.
0	YARRR
0	2050? Really?
0	Yes, I can use Drive to look at the folders. But that's where it ends. I have to go back to Drive just to see my things organized in a sensible manner. If Docs had a folder view, I'd be happy. But instead they decided Drive should be the hub. But what if you don't *want* or *need* everything else offered by Drive? (which is at this point not much anyway) What if you only ever use Docs and don't want to have Drive because it only ends up amounting to clutter? It just seems like a terrible and overcomplicated design. Every other app related to Drive does something useful except for Drive.
0	At least in India this is true, that WhatsApp beats the fuck out of any other messenger.
0	I am using the messenger built into the Facebook app. It as asked me a couple times to get the new messenger app but I just say no and it let's me keep messaging my peeps.
1	Those pesky electric cars don't work well in cold weather anyways
0	Yeah I don't get it?  I do as well.  What's changed?
0	On android they also have an option where it unmutes based on your alarm setting.  Its possible that this feature exists in the WP version too.
0	Most I have seen do not. Then again I'm not 'Murican.
1	So deep.
0	"Except it was deeply annoying how they took Latitude out of Maps and threw it into G+ for absolutely no understandable reason. It made sense in maps since I'm looking at a gorram map. I don't use any other aspect of G+, but now I need to go in and root around to find the ""Locations"" section just to find out where people are."
0	"That's the only saving grace out of all this. The main Facebook app ""knows"" about this companion app and will switch to it if needed."
1	But *bubbles bro*.
0	When someone is hounding me about why I don't have a facebook account is when I'm happiest that I no longer have a facebook account.
0	Actually, all of it goes to the cable company. HBO gets paid for each cable subscriber whether they get HBO or not (don't know if other channels like ESPN work the same way).
0	You guys remember how 9 months ago an article about the Washington post came out talking smack on tesla motors and the stock was $79, now it's 240 dollars. If I had money then I would have bought tesla stocks and if I had money today I would buy tesla stocks, being filthy rich is easy when you already are, this is bullshit!
0	Translation: Pock-Faced technology writers and bloggers who dont know very much about practical technology and engineering would LITERALLY suck the skin off Elon Musk's penis.
0	What a weird thing to say.
0	How many of those years of programming happened before they had any real competitio?.  Netflix has been doing original programming for three years and has House of Cards and Orange is the New Black under its belt already.  HBO has the best shows historically but you're naive to think that means they will continue to have that for that reason alone.  HBO wanted House of Cards.  They didn't get it.  That's going to happen more and more now that they have real competition.
0	I'm writing this comment off.
0	Yeah and imagine the tech savviness of the average Windows user. Yeah, no wonder a lot of people hated it when they can't figure out what to do when they didn't have a start button to click.
0	If i can't trust the NAACP for leadershipt when it comes to net nutrality, who can i trust?
0	Honestly what surprises me is that Nexflix hasn't been on top for a while. I know so many people with Netflix subscriptions, but very few with HBO.
1	Race pimps selling endorsements for money?  That's never happened before.
0	I suppose the result would rather depend on the volume and geometry of the apparatus. If they have to be large and expensive to lift a car, I imagine it would be appropriate to mount them in a gimbal so that they could be aimed forward or backward as needed. If they're small and inexpensive, mount many of them in various orientations and feed power into only those pointed in the direction you want to accelerate.
0	they'd do well to make ring and watch versions, I think
0	yeah, after I read the article I don't understand how they got the patent
0	Because you can have sets of windows that aren't full screen, which you can rapidly switch between.
1	"Don't you know? Anything that includes the the word ""virtual"" strictly refers to virtual machines!"
0	I don't know if I should be excited or afraid. I want this virtual desktop, but I fear getting stupid support calls because their internet window went missing.
1	B-b-but he saved $80 on his $2,000 PC...
1	"""because socialism is bad"""
0	I don't think they were? I'm at a positive. Thanks though.
0	Read what the person above stated. When you agree to the terms of service, you are agreeing to let them use automated technology to detect child pornography or other illegal activities. So its completely within their rights to search your email, you told them that they could.
1	So different to all those other political scenes where everyone is just wonderful...
0	Just like Obama did :D
1	Don't worry kiddies I'm sure you'll remember this lesson during the next election
0	No.
1	Hey, those high cheek bones are all the proof I need.
0	An Obama Supreme court justice would be legitimately scary though. They would shit all over the Bill of Rights.
1	Because the only thing he did wrong was obamacare.
0	It's almost as if everything is not black and white and every issue is not the same. Shocking!
0	No, kheiland! Bad Redditor! Stop having a different opinion! Anybody who votes for a Republican hates gay people, is racist, and is an ignorant redneck!
0	....and it's not just Obama. Throw any politician in there and they will lie the fuck outa their asses and promise you everything and anything to get you vote or to make the other guy look bad.
0	Chris hansen in the room
1	Get your stinkin paws off Wikimedia you damn dirty ape!
1	OBAMA IS PERFECT AND ABSOLUTELY FAULTLESS IN EVERYTHING.
0	Once built take it to burning man. It will fit right in.
1	such a great use of resources
0	Nixon faced impeachment over spying on a *handful* of Americans. The NSA is under the jurisdiction of the Executive branch, so technically, the Executive branch is spying on *millions* of Americans.
0	Too bad your friends are doing everything they can to block him.  I know, scapegoating the minority is supposed to be the usual evasive response of the bottom class, but it is getting kind of old.
0	Yea, and he's against internet fast lanes just like he was against MMJ crackdowns in states that had legalized it.
1	Ah yes, I remember now, he's personally leading the prosecution case against Julian Assange.
0	Devil's Avocado: You shouldn't have believed him.
1	I think if there was a government operated isp we could get rid of most of the problems right now, but that would hurt jobs or something
0	And if we didn't actually get him, do you really think he wouldnt release a video showing he was alive a couple days later? I mean, can you imagine the damage that would have caused to the US, both internally and internationally? Any opponent of the US would *revel* in that opportunity.
1	He's against internet fast lanes, but ok with hyperspeed internet connections for some content providers.  See, there's a difference.
1	Two years for a crime the article says has caused no injuries or deaths. So two years for scaring someone....a bunch of prank show hosts should be getting life in prison any day now
0	How is someone who is reckless enough to make stupid mistakes that endanger the lives of other people not a threat?  Once you're a grown adult, you need to be capable of analyzing how your actions affect people around you.
0	This is extremely disappointing. Now we may never have TIE ships with that cool blue glow.
1	"Security Banner: ""ATTENTION: Russian hackers detected on your website!!11! Click here to protect your website in cyberspace for a limited time offer of $99.99"""
0	Have then been any crashes attributed to laser pointing?
0	Freedom to do what, exactly?
0	Good. Should have given the fucker 20.
1	Yeah, now NASA is being ridiculed as well!
0	Can't wait any longer.
0	Would you like fries with that?
0	"What part of ""don't swallow metal balls"" is confusing?"
0	Well at least we still have Ustream for live video streaming. Twitch will be the king of gaming and Ustream will be the best for non-gaming livestreams.
0	Basically, our politicians/lawmakers have no idea how the internet works, and don't know how to deal with lawbreakers on the internet.
0	Gov  deals gave these companies unfair advantage over new competition.
0	I reckon you're right, BURN THE BOT!
0	Do not relent, make them suffer.
0	Good guess, but nope. Apple says one thing (for data use), verizon says another. Given verizon's history of crappy software, I'm more inclined to believe apple.
0	Still switching to Google Fiber if it ever comes to my area. If I could mentally survive without internet I would've already cancelled my Comcast.
0	Right, but then they send you to a collection agency and attempt to ruin your credit.
1	Exactly, when I see an articles like this, I just grab my pitchfork and have at it!
1	This always works out so well for businesses that try this crap. I'm, like, shocked that more of them don't do this.
0	I noticed that. I wonder if Trip Advisor holds reviews for approval?
0	Walk down that way to Nothing Doing Boulevard and take a right.  Walk til you hit Fat Chance Way, turn right.  Take that til you get to Nohow Street, take another right. Take that til you get to Nosiree Drive and take a right. Walk down Nosiree til you meet the man who gives bad directions. Tell him i sent you.
0	umm... no... no. that's not how this works Union Street Guest House.
0	It's better to say blackmail.
1	Surprise of the day: they have a 1 star ranking on yelp.
0	Hey Farva, what's the name of that restaurant you like with all the goofy shit on the walls and the mozzarella sticks?
1	Don't talk about Reddit as if it's a single being! How dare you!
0	Former CC Tech here. Everything in the article seems accurate.
0	Goddamn foreigners, always flaunting their superior internet service.
0	On the whole this is a reasonable write-up, but while you can have a personal server I don't think most people would think of them as a personal computer which is what op was talking about. You even quoted them: pc
0	"I agree ""legal"" or maybe something like ""tech in society""."
0	He just said, the datavac is much more powerful than the hurricane can.
1	Noooo, but all that privacy you're giving up!
0	High speed rail is probably the greatest... oh it's not for Texas. It's more of a *California* idea.
0	"but before windows 8 there most of the hidden stuff were ""advanced"" features. Now the most basic stuff is hidden."
1	Oh no they may have some small vestige of creature comforts again!
0	Nice,  too bad our government in Canada lets the big 3 fuck us day in and day out.
0	I don't know if I'd be comfortable *without* tinnitus now since I've had it my entire life or at least since I can remember.
0	So its the carriers that are preventing this and not the phone manufacturers?
1	The only course of action is for guards to be equipped with FIM-92 Stingers.
0	Sounds dangerous as fuck. What's his PayPal so I can donate?
0	Verizon won't let you use it. You MAY be able to swap the SIM card and get access only to LTE data but that's about it.
1	Troll!
0	3-400 miles. 3 minutes to fill up, if you can find a hydrogen station that is.  But than again, a small home/neighborhood station is fairly simple to set up. It's just gas reformer.
1	Come on, what do you think the executive branch is for anyway?
0	They're getting desperate.
0	no
0	I've been doing some administrative work at a fairly large corporation lately, losing Office and having to work with Google's variant sounds impossible
0	But then it's not the start menu that is functional for you- it's the search box that is functional. The actual menu pretty much sucks.
0	It's just... not the same. Sure, their Excel competitor is OK and you can make a decent budget at home with some addition and subtraction formulas, but the versatility that MS Excel alone has is worth the price.
1	Yes, if only there existed a free operating system.
0	I would presume there is a counter suit as well so if the primary suit is dismissed the counter suit would continue?
0	ah got it!  But my ____ is a bit rusty, so if I err, please pardon me :)
0	Elon Musk is the Gaben of cars.
0	Think of the children!
1	yeah, 2x the cpu and graphics every year is unacceptable.
1	That's the real vulnerability they were sitting on.
0	Road trips need more than that if you're going to drive all day... 300 miles is ok for a 5 minute pit stop, not so much for multiple hours of charging batteries.
0	No YOU shut up!
0	Never heard of it.  Must be old and irrelevant.
0	This article isn't about actual share, it's just a measurement of what OS is most globally shipped during the last quarter. Really misleading title.
1	Its actually 84.57 percent but I guess hundreths decimal places are bad for comments
0	What does this have to do with a thread about android shipments?
1	No this is reddit (and we're at war) - pick a side (and hate the other)
0	Those same people see prices tags and assume it means quality. Not saying iPhones are not quality phones, but it is not saying much about people who pick the phone because of its specific features and people who pick a brand.
1	Looks like Ireland could use some freedom!
1	Obviously, the answer is to get rid of municipal governments
0	They must have pretty lax building codes in Minnesota. Or did he print rebar too?
0	They intentionally kept it small. The size of the event is completely unrelated to the success of the company. Microsoft probably has enough money to rent all of Delaware for the event if they want.
0	I think they said the charms bar is going away for desktop and stay (with some changes) in touch mode.
0	I do this shit every single day. Not only can I walk the walk but I can tell you how it ended up where it is. I know without doing the testing you suggested (which I already knew inside out upside down and backwards) exactly what Netflix is doing because we were involved in their initial deployment. I'm no longer wasting time on you or your complete lack of understanding of what quality is.
0	I've run both microsoft, apple, and linux OS' in both alpha and beta, as I love new environments. I have not once in my life encountered a problem that was even worth mentioning that had no work-around while twiddling with betas, and by the time they are rtm, they are pretty much free of any serious issues.
1	They should name it like Android does for their new version updates. Instead, name it after whatever company gives them the most money for promotion. Windows Honda. Windows Snickers. Windows Windex.
0	Okay :)
1	I prefer the theory that Windows 9 was allegedly promised as being free, but nobody ever said anything about Windows 10.
0	Valve finally releases Half Life 4, Portal 4, and Left Four Dead after being told it's OK to skip three
1	What school did you went to?
0	Woohoo! Windows 9 will be Windows 7!
0	Casual users perhaps. But that's no excuse for not baking it in as an optional setting that's off by default. MS is weird that way and it annoys the hell out of me. For XP you had to download a 3rd party add-on to allow virtual desktops, which MS then bought but never quite integrated.
0	No, people just forget history. When XP was released people despised it and the backslash was huge, some kept using Windows 98 for games, and others (such as myself) kept using Windows 2000 for stability.
0	Wow, man, you're missing out on waterproofing with iOS 7 and microwave charging with iOS 8
0	touch is ui of necessity not a panacea.
1	Good thing Apple got sued for ebook price fixing.
0	Where does it cost 200$?
0	This has nothing to do with Apple. Some people don't want to rely on some built in software feature to unfuck your OS or if you want to reformat. Many people, like myself, like to wipe the whole partition and start clean.
0	Are you still online? Isn't it past your bedtime?
1	I just fucked your mom and it happened.
0	You need batteries to store the energy.
0	Pump it back underground.
0	That's what happens when people give too much importance to a design flaw of one of the products with the most fanboys.
0	Storing that amount of energy becomes a civil engineering problem, not an electrical engineering problem. There's no way to store that amount of energy as electricity, it would need to be stored most likely as potential energy, behind a dam or something similar.
0	This is why we need a decentralized version of Imgur. No central authority to attack.
0	And I will leave Verizon... Eventually. :)
0	Ghostery!
0	Whatever happened to informed consent?
0	And we will fix their lives.  By ending them.
0	It's more like saying there is no difference between cars with top speeds 100MPH and 1000MPH.
1	Don't worry that'll be quick and painless to resolve
0	Depends, if almost all of your data is not unique (i.e. not user generated) most of the transfer would be hashes of the files. Only unique data needs to really be moved up (things like applications, downloaded videos, operating system files, and other files that are not unique to a single user would not require actual data to be moved up).
0	In this case, by breaking off / removing the antenna from the car.
0	I will need to retest and get back to you.
1	Good graphics just distract you from gameplay anyway
0	I don't know (came here looking for answers too_ but I assume it's similar to what Macs have
0	Cant wait to Tyr this
0	There is a reason people love it, because it works and its easy to navigate. Metro UI is useless for desktop pc users. Sure people will adapt when forced to use it, but if they were given the option when installing Windows 8.1 to have a proper desktop or Metro UI, I bet 95+% of desktop users would pick proper desktop every time.
0	So Microsoft is going to make its OS free, just like Apple.
1	Ye because my grandma, and everyone else without knowledge, is totally going to know how to set it up like you did.
0	Brian Eno.
0	Sorry this submission has been removed. It's not really about technology, it's about drama.
1	that glorious zero tolerance. damn our kids got it good.
0	Wrong, if the value comes from speculative hoarding then the bottom can fall out of the market. The value needs to come from usage, which will drive the price up since more value will be exchanged using the currency. Currently it's not practical to use bitcoin to trade certain things because the network isn't valuable / liquid enough.
1	Bitcoin doesn't need PayPal.  Think of PayPal as a tax.  Except the cut they take doesn't do any good but line pockets of the hard working software developers.
0	Is it web scale?  It won't beat Facebook if it's not web scale.
0	Then why is Bitcoin measured in fiat currency (example: USD, etc.)
1	That's correct: Bitcoins will be worth more in the future, therefore you should avoid them.
0	Ah, you are working, how pathetic. Thanks for keeping up with reddit though. Your ego really has made my day!
0	Tangibility has been hugely important to currency for centuries. People shit bricks in the US when we went of the gold standard because they thought the money would be worthless. Gold and silver can't be duplicated but it is possible to counterfeit paper currency and especially bit-coins. The perceived value of bit-coins will mean nothing if someone figures out a way to make a billion of them overnight.
0	Except most people who insist there is a problem would not believe what is said from the horses mouth (Apple). At least CR is a third party and can confirmed what Apple has been saying.
1	"You mean to charge it using ""wave"" technology."
0	Good encryption has no master keys.
0	Oh hey, a non-issue is a non-issue. Would you look at that?
0	Wow that has huge implications when it comes to indoor growing(not just for weed either)
0	Agreed that fourth is more relevant. The government regularly uses their extra-constitutional powers to violate our first amendment rights, so I included it, but the primary issue at hand is fourth.
1	But...but...we don't want facts, we wanna make fun of the Iphone!!
1	Gee the entire Iowa market is lost.  What a blow.
0	and look at nintendo sales vs their competitors
0	National Science Foundation or NSF International, formerly known as National Sanitation Foundation?
0	The First and Fourth Amendments were repealed. Didn't you hear?
1	Yeah, so angry.  Because apple and google aren't giving them the keys behind closed doors.
0	assuming the solar panels and distribution network require zero maintenance.
0	The tablets don't run any critical flight software. It's just reference material, mainly airport diagrams. Them crashing would have zero effect on safety.
1	The FBI's point of view makes sense if you consider that there are potentially 300 million terrorists and paedophiles in the USA.
0	Pretty sure the fbi doesn't pave the highway I drive on.
1	Also, people beyond the law would be legitimate targets for surveillance. He should be doubly happy.
0	If law enforcement weren't so nuts with the searching and seizing in the first place, there wouldn't be as much of a market for the enhancements and these major companies wouldn't be tempted to spend capital to make them.
1	What a wonderful benevolent government we have.
0	see, ours is around 10 mbs. so I was hoping it was comparable across the spectrum.
0	Companies that indirectly use visas are also a problem, in that they bring people in as contractors with visas (so that they can avoid the dirty fact they pay a fraction of the cost of an employee), and then make it impossible for that person to get a permanent position. In companies that use an 18-month rule, the poor visa holder is even more beholden to their employer to find something else after the 18 month period is up.
0	Gr8 b8 m8, 8/8.
0	I've seen more iPhone 6's explode in the microwave than I have seen bent.
0	Like I said, if it was a level playing field I'd agree... it isn't so I don't.
0	some people don't realize that that little fee they pay amounts to a shitload of money.
1	downvote Eric Schmidt downvote!!!!!!!!!
0	Nice one :)
1	This is because government forces these businesses with guns.
0	Viva la revolucion!
1	No way. We should get all the content in the world for $9.99 a month. The people making content should only do so out of love, not for filthy profit. They will find a way!
0	The alternative would be they would have to change.
0	The idea that gets me excited about this is something larger than a minivan but smaller than an RV... maybe a fancy conversion van. Why stop for the night at all? Just sleep in the RV as you're rolling along. The thing can pull over during the night if it needs to recharge and then get it going again. Imagine rolling out of town during the night and waking up the next morning on the beach. It opens up a whole new level of vacationing.
0	I'm actually very curious to see the price difference there.
0	Yeah but it was satisfying to 'pwn' the LPB's in counterstrike :)
0	Floating to their next position on golden parachutes.
0	Did you know they singlehandedly saved the whales AND the pandas in one fell swoop with their campaigns? They are saints, says so right here in this ad!
0	is that like having a theoretical degree in physics?
0	They really believe that by saying those things, they'll make it seem like what they're saying is worth even a second's consideration.  It's all about muddying the waters, and making it less clear what's actually going on.  They are in the ears of policy makers from the moment an issue could possibly be discussed as threatening their way of business, presenting a looking-glass version of reality and history.
0	The virtual people have spoken!
0	Mr. Cohen can suck my dick
0	Far from the first
0	Too bad rantic doesn't exist.
0	Yeah they are about as much competition as a high school baseball game is to a major league game. That's the point, and your willful ignorance of it is a joke.
0	Nobody said it wasn't. But how do you expect it to be as stable as a year old OS that's been used by tens of millions of people? Especially since most of the crashes are third party apps that haven't been properly updated.
1	well if you children are taking naked selfies, they obviously should be in prison creating child porn
0	Nope.
1	No the confusing part is who is Steve job? Seriously, who is he?
0	Well, over 10 million sold and a dozen people reporting in with bent phones from sitting with them in their pocket. Pretty small fraction, although it should be smaller.
0	BYO fish.
0	I've tried both Treehouse and Codeacademy, but gosh dammmit I cannot get myself to be motivated to pass the courses.
0	Toothbrushes are rented.
0	If someone told me this it would break my brain.
0	Even then, a large portion of people are useless.
1	time for another occupation
0	Comcast and big telecoms will win. Eventually the Repubs will win control and they will give them exactly what they want. Corporations do not die, They just keep throwing money at a problem, until they win. When Powell was in charge of the FCC, he bent over for telecoms. Another disaster like him would be enough to finally give them what they want.
1	"After ""deregulation"", communication companies all rushed to overbuild each other's footprint, so this package is available to everyone in the country."
0	More likel y Congress would overrule them.
0	They tried to be Facebook.  But not Facebook today, the Facebook before Facebook was Facebook.
0	Cry more, DOJ.
0	The FISA court is essentially a Grand Jury where they review evidence to see if there is enough to grant a warrant.  Grand Juries only have one side presenting.  They are not there to determine guilt but to see if there is even a possible case there.
1	It's a le funny troll, you just don't get it we're just pretending to be retarded.
0	ios 8 makes your iPhones phone water proof
0	Lucky new email addresses. I do not like having a google + because its so integrated into my electronic life, and I do not even want it there. Now if rate almost anything, or breath in a certain place in the internet, a bunch of people will know about it
0	I'd rather comment on youtube videos anonymously. Although I know a lot of people wouldn't.
1	God forbid I can't comment on YouTube videos.
0	XBox One announced this feature at their reveal and are still dealing with backlash, even after it was dropped.
1	And wear longer skirts
1	But a SSD doesn't have a head
0	75% degradation, or 75% remaining?
0	Presuming that the traffic is not encrypted, sure. But if the traffic is encrypted... well, then you are running into a wall.
0	It certainly wouldn't be very *hard* to set something like that up given the extremely small size of TPB.
1	Have an upswag!
0	Damn Jews, I bet they hacked the phones!
0	Space elevators are an awesome idea but I'm skeptical that this is an achievable goal unless they are on the verge of a major technical material technology breakthrough that will enable this for anything other than trivial payloads.
1	Dayumn son, I hadn't known that! Imagine, 15 years of tuning HMC engines using Lancer/VR4/DSM parts: Heads, cams, clutches... All this time, Japanese!
0	Entirely not true. Just because they do not cater to the general consumer market does not mean they don't need to advertise and they don't need publicity.
0	Well then. That takes talent.
0	And why not?
0	That's pretty ballsy
1	*Yet*...
0	Absolutely, I would pay a premium for an offline version of google maps, where I could download updates, but my usage information remained confidential and in my control. I'd also pay handsomely for other services, google docs is better than MS office, but I can't recommend it for business, medical or government applications because it's architecture violates requirements and standards for business confidentiality.
0	Fuck Apple. Fuck you BoNo.
1	but VPNs are safe the operators say they don't keep logs
0	Well, I'm pretty sure this isn't significantly related to technology anyway.
1	Comcast seems to be spending a lot on infrastructure.
0	keep the receipt they give you after you return your modem. slap them around with it in person if they complain.
0	That doesn't make sense. Your pirate speak sucks. I mean: Tha' be not making any sense. Ye sound like a landlubber! *This* be the true tongue o' pirates! Yarrrr!
0	"I don't pirate music any more because I have Spotify, but on my creative soundcard there is a feature called record ""what u hear""."
0	I don't think it's much of a stretch to imagine the people doctoring the footage would also lie about it.
1	Yeah, but this is the only building heated by *Amazon* servers. Therefore it's a new concept!
0	Your eyes suck.
0	in my case, it wasn't communicated to me at all so I had to go through the hassle of returning the phone
1	Yes, because worrying about Microsoft's cash flow and whether they get a fair deal in the marketplace is something we should all be vigilant about.
0	Good, better then the next iShit getting publicity.
0	This post sponsored by Microsoft
0	So we should be angry with Google and not the NSA? This is the direction the web is headed. Things tailored to you depending on what you've been doing.
0	something something lawyers are the cause and solution to their own existence.
0	Maybe next we can get rid of ag gag laws?
0	What's all this nonsense anyway? It's a review if you think X product sucks donkey balls, you can say so I thought America was the fucking bastion of freedom of speech?!
0	It's the Kleenex of tablets
0	Why not donate your remains to a local medical university to aid in research &amp; student progress?
0	Wouldn't Apple &amp; Google be on board with the smaller companies being taken out? This is the reason the mega companies are so ingrained in Washington DC. It's become a legalized mafia.
0	Not evil, just money addicts. Rich people tend to find ways to convince themselves that making themselves more money at the expense of others is good. We could really use some money addiction centers for rich people.
0	all I'm saying is you are acting like the only layer of encryption is a four digit code
1	But you could print *multiple* guns, that break after the 3rd shot each! That soulds like a great deal!
0	The Mozilla Foundation and The Mozilla Corporation. Mozilla Labs was just a collection of side projects.
0	WWE Network just $9.99
0	Because people would start going to jail for contempt of court and people don't generally like the idea of going to jail.
1	This is some real antisemitism, guys. Obviously you just hate Jews. There's no reason to criticise Israel unless you're a nazi.
1	Oh the injustice! Battle on freedom fighter!
1	Hurry durrr EA is Hitler...
0	Oh, look, another link that has absolutely nothing meaningful to do with technology, advances, discovery, or learning.
1	Exactly, they should leave him in jail for the remainder of his sentence the fucking criminal scum!
0	LibreOffice/OpenOffice doesn't render word docs exactly like Office and can't be relied upon for business use the way Office can be.
0	It wouldn't be such a colossal story if you could actually receive timely updates from OEMS and carriers.
1	Thank the gods! Smart choice! Imagine if he decided to grab a police officer's gun and shoot his way out of there? Because, you know, he was in jail serving time for a crime so heinous and violent I can't even sleep at night when I think about it! He's a deranged madman!
0	To demonstrate how inhuman and pointlessly cruel the state can be, lest he forget how important his work is to the world.
1	Yup perfectly acceptable.   This man should be made a martyr for doing those horrible crimes.   The fact that he is even allowed to breath is even going to far.   He shouldn't even be allowed to attend, instead he should be allowed to sit in a car and watch from a distance of 1 km.
0	It's not that I have nothing to hide, and no one is scrutinizing whatever useless things I may want to hide, though it is a valid argument, it's that I would rather live in a place where my life, my family, and my belongings are more safe than my porn history. It's about prioritizing.
1	Yes, we better not let him download anything 'illegally' while he attends a funeral.
1	Still expensive if its over platinum.
0	Windows 2000 uses less resources than 8.
1	Apple's website looks good, Mashable's website looks good and similar. It's obviously be the first time someone tried to replicate Apple's success in doing anything.
0	Yeah in the US I don't think they would care who died, you're not getting out to go anywhere. Which I see no problem with, if you want to be free to go to family events, don't break the fucking law.
1	Because they might have hindered American millionaires to get more millions, thus  being humanity's worst enemy and should be rightfully executed.
0	Oh, my bad.
1	He stole money from the copyrights mafia! Off with his head!
1	Yeah but he might!  Hes a CRIMINAL!
1	Piracy is not a victimless crime
0	It's nothing more than an attempt to use humiliation as a punishment.
0	That's good?
0	but, evil libertarians!!!
1	Nope, no one uses Usenet anymore.
1	I thought downloading and stealing was the same thing?
0	It's pretty straightforward and quick to do on Android. It's just dragging the boundaries of your desired selection. A keyboard and mouse is a bit quicker, of course, but it doesn't really make it any easier, unless long presses and dragging things is any more difficult than mouse clicks and, well, dragging things.
0	Like a reverse version of that one-way-mirrored toilet in the middle of some city that lets you see out, but nobody see in.
1	Thanks Samsung, we really needed this in the world!
1	Corporations are people my friends!
1	Banks are sacred institutions founded by god and answerable to no one.  And besides the 0.01 % own them.
0	The door might as well be open with how huge the gaps are on North American bathroom stalls.
0	"I was buying into it till that part, then I sorta cocked my head to the side and was like ""huh?""."
0	My old BlackBerry Bold 9900 from 2011 had NFC.
0	I could give a rats ass about Linux.
1	I'm shocked.
0	We get it.  If you gave a shit about not being held back by Apple you'd own an Android phone.  Some of us care.
0	I would hope by now that other companies have figured out that they shouldn't be doing the things that IBM is doing.
0	It was a special indie game, a self-made thing, Notch effectively sold his soul to Microsoft who will bastardize the brand to sell xbones.   It had a special community, one I supported from before nearly anybody knew what Minecraft was, I joined in late Alpha, I got mine for like $15, I watched it grow and change.   Microsoft ruins everything it touches.
0	Wow.
0	is this not bundes trojan?
0	Well, guess that's it for free updates for the Alpha buyers.. It was a good run.
0	This is something I always wanted to debate.  Had the United States not entered the war and began their strategic bombing campaign, whos to say the Germans wouldn't have retained the industrial capacity to defeat the Soviets?
1	wait, are you a terrorist?
0	Yeah, except I'm not talking about the startup command.
0	That's right, the service is 100% free for consumers, just like their debit/credit cards
1	**SOCIALISTS**!!  You commies don't have the *freedom* that we do!
0	Regulation will be written by the lobbyists.
0	Interesting how an offer to UPGRADE your EXISTING service is not open to EXISTING customers. Hmm.
0	Competition is only good if they aren't making back room deals.
1	But how can you call the bank without your phone.   Checkmate.
0	That explains why this one chain store outright lied about the coupon we were trying to redeem. (We checked it six times).
0	Just vote this troll back up to zero
0	Wrong. You know why the Prius did so well? Because it looked so different. People don't want to simply buy a green car, they want others to see them buy a green car. Freakonomics covered this in one of their books.
0	Why?
0	Have you ever been involved in any of these transactions or do you just hate capitalism so much that you assume I'm wrong?
0	LOL, not surprised one bit.
1	"Yes! ""De-enterprise"" that corporate ISP and hand it over to the people who have us the censoring, special interest group known as the FCC and the privacy encroacher known as the NSA. That should work out great."
0	The arbitration clause probably doesn't apply to third-party collections.
0	Jokes on them, my entire life savings is in bitcoins! ^^^cries
0	Surprised at how little attention this got. First thing I thought of. Also makes an easy comparison to the Sith empire.
0	Woah.
1	Close enough though, right?
1	Thank God the TSA is keeping the bank accounts of $PharmaCEO secure
1	I'm so shocked. The government is spying on us. Oh my god no.
1	A well supported opinion of trampling on someone else's liberty. Sounds like an awesome opinion.
0	Good luck. I'm hidden behind 7 proxies.
1	Another reason to avoid Oklahoma.  Like I didn't already have enough.
1	Really? You don't say!
0	The same way climate scientists make their conclusions. Throw a gob of gum at a wall, and publish whatever sticks, then when you are inevitably wrong you just throw a new one.
0	The more appropriate time was before you even started thinking about it.
0	wouldn't it be easier to just steal your credit card?
0	What a disaster that there was no Visual Basic 2008.
1	"Where is ""HTML""?"
0	Its the first step. What makes you think the West isnt going to be pushing for armed drones in the skies? What recent actions have they shown that has led you to believe armed drone strikes in North America isnt the end goal here? Remember that these governments are controlled by mass murdering, war mongering lunatics.
0	It cant be bothered to fucking train these misanthropes or heaven forbid take any level of responsibility.
0	all the TWC techs ive talked to have all said they have been told its done and over with, and the merger happened.
0	What is drugs?
1	thanks for the great photos
0	"This sounds a lot like the old ""nothing to hide"" argument. Why should I be okay with Google mining me for data?"
1	Mission accomplished!
1	Also included in this fatwa is a ban against clean water, school supplies, and well-paved roads.
0	As opposed to informercial channels selling crap 24 hours a day?
0	Yeah I'm pretty sure they fucked you over because you have no alternative.
0	A new set!?! They only ever sent me replacement pieces.
1	because it's not like any phone supports this with google voice
0	No it doesn't, plenty of EMV capable readers do not have NFC in them. All of my local stores have basic EMV readers without NFC. That's how Best Buy was able to get away with going to cheaper non-NFC readers.
1	But that is socialist.
0	My first compact flash cards were 128mb and they cost $130 each... at Costco.
0	My house has 1-2 TVs that are on pretty much from 8am until 10pm every day.  Imagine 2 TVs streaming 1080p content over the internet 14 hours a day every day for a month.  I'm sure that goes way beyond 250GB.
0	Was lucky. Never happened.
0	Such entitlement
0	He's not a tablet guy
0	Another SP2 user here. Can confirm.
1	But that was already a generic term for a female hero!
0	plus a lot of players can simply skip those, can they not?
0	Wow, that's a pretty big hard drive. Must have saved you all sorts of floppy disk insertions.
0	FLIIIIIIPENDO
0	All new for 2015!  The Ford Escalator MRAP!  Spinners and grenade launchers extra.
0	And every video game system ever made is a Nintendo, according to my mom.
0	Nah, you need to shift the blame too.
0	Wait what? Can you explain what you mean?
1	You've never had a BlackBerry, have you?
0	Just from personal experience.  I have NEVER hit the data cap warning on my phone.  Yet after I installed messenger, I get the warning two weeks later.  On top of that my battery drained a lot faster during that time.  I uninstalled it and have not looked back.  I am not alone, a lot of friends have done the same.
1	Seagate being the far superior choice?
0	Then use chmod to rename it to .exe
0	Everything was as slow as always with comcast.
1	wow i cant believe no one has commented on this yet
0	But isn't it kind of a mute point, since hangouts can do it now?
0	"I wonder if this sub actually needs a ""Politics"" tag anymore."
0	Can you say what the environment was in the past, what they did/charged with, how the environ is now (less strict how), and how now things may be different?  Asking out of curiousity, not to argue with you.
1	The Fire Phone is proof positive that Amazon definitely knows what consumers want.
0	It buffers and lags, but on VPn its fine. Ask Verizon. This is becoming a common thing
1	God dammit. I was so close to get your e-mail.
0	Your mom.
0	Yep 4k resolution. The porn industry is usually always on the cutting edge of media technology.
0	The point is that in the us you cant just start experimenting with an unknown drug on humans. Sure, it turned out well in India, but they had no idea it was going to.
0	Capped data plans suck.
0	Fuck Comcast.
0	I have a bridge to sell you.
1	Does no one see how many rights this infringes on? Texting and driving is horrible but this gives them no right. Imagine how many horrible ways this can be used. Because more government is better right? History definitely agrees.
0	how do i know if mine was leaked or not?
1	ITT: High quality input
0	I've seen legitimate sites like it before after other leaks.
0	Is that a new version of iOS?
1	Can't wait for the new and improved 32 GB version. I'll probably just go ahead and pay the extra $120 for the 64 GB model, though.
0	That's because Google has a completely different business model than Apple. Google's model is to provide services which gather data so they can sell it/target ads. Apple's model is to provide services to sell hardware. It's like getting mad at BMW for not letting Kia use their engines, then pointing to Rain-X saying they parts that fit all sorts of cars.
1	Yes but if you only vote republican everything will change for the good
0	I tried to watch a video. Quicktime required. What year is it?
1	Yeah, just look at all the political influence they're buying!
0	You... You wouldn't!
1	I am entirely disappointed that they didn't add a 1080p display to the watch as well
0	I suppose that depends on Fire TV sales.
1	"""Your thumb goes from here to here. But don't forget you have another thumb!"" Yaaaay.. :-)"
0	Not watching the release, what happened?
0	It's the New Zealand government, though, isn't it?
0	If this does not face as much resistance in NYC as Uber has, then its utter bullshit that Uber or lyft have to jump thru flaming hoops to offer any kind of service.
0	just most of us .. :/
0	That's a stupid title. I am not a fan of reddit's idiosyncrasies, in fact they drove me to severe allergies, but this is one stupid title.
0	Then what state is The Verge? I just got permanently banned (no prior offense) for arguing that accounts may have been compromised using iBrute despite what Apple reported.
0	wack-a-mole it probably got lost in the chaos.
0	Fewer people working but needing far more speed per worker.
0	you watch too much CSI and Law and Order SVU. Frankly if someone was intent on breaking into someones house with the intent on raping them, It's something like 95% someone who you know. (percentage made up but its actually a very high percentage that a raper is known to the victim)
0	Google benefits from Net Neutrality, so this comment is a non-issue.
0	Wow if a car repair takes weeks in rural mexico i can't imagine rural aussies.
1	"So the way I understand it is that as an employer I could write ""you can't sue me when I molest you at work, you can only complain here in the complaint box of my guy over there (who will decide that the complaint isn't correct)."" And then I hire lots of good looking waitresses, touch'em all day long and there's nothing they can do? I mean, thry signed it, right?"
0	Er, isn't this dnsmasq?
0	No, they keep in these draconian rules to make people expect to pay a lot more for the lawsuit thus decreasing their incentive to sue in the first place. i.e. Legal scare tactics have actual dollar value.
0	My phone case is broken. It took a year and a half of hard use, but it's really falling apart recently
0	It's what I do.
0	This 4chan must be very busy.
1	"""Hackers from reddit try and hide dangerous encryption software effort in 4chan"""
0	This material is also known as my dick
0	Worst possible merger in *America*. ISIS is not American, so it wouldn't count.
1	Oh, this is great. I'd much rather trust them.
0	This title may be misleading to Americans.  It's legitimately concerned about passing on data to the NSA, but the Secret Service is a separate organization tasked with the protection of presidents, vice presidents, and foreign dignitaries, and also counterfeiting for some reason.  This article does not concern itself with the latter.
0	Oh shit, it's *on*.
1	"But Comcast says with TWC they'll be ""Better Together""! Or is that a lie?"
1	Totally, the US and China basically have the exact same system
0	That's better than vertical running but not nearly as entertaining.
0	And for every vote you take they will go and influence another. Voting is an impotent process on the individual level
0	No worries. Here to help. :)
1	The President has always had the power to pass whatever law he feels. Senate nor congress clearly have any power
0	He does what every president does... makes promises to get him elected in office. Then make EVEN MORE promises that he could never accomplish in his term to get re-elected...then say LOL I TRIED!
0	Can you smell that? It's the whif of ozone after all that pandering went up in flames
0	Soo, Personal data used for spying = ok. Used for marketing = Not ok.
0	Because he isn't allowed to.
0	But you don't. If you use more than 5 gigs it WILL be cut off on straight talk. That's not unlimited. That's not even close to unlimited.
1	$3.70 per person, what a fine.
1	Just get all your friends &amp; neighbors to buy raspberry pi's and xbee's... The rest is software
0	"How in the fuck have we gone to ""corporations won't let the government""?"
0	But that's every 30-40 seconds consistently for the entire day.
0	Where did you get that battery?
0	Nexus 4 has the best battery life I've seen of any smartphone I've used thus far.
1	If by 'Phishing Scams' they mean getting dubious antivirus installed alongside FlashPlayer updates, I have no trouble believing them.
0	Long way to  explore to your wrist best set out now to avoid the winter.
1	They make the ps4 how could they say anything above 900p is even visible?
0	I agree. My resolution is good enough already. I think Sony has an opportunity to step ahead of competition if they follow through.
1	They had buildings for movie rental back then? How odd. And that one guy talks about his floppy! How rude!
0	1.3 billion idiots
0	Shitception.
0	Note to self: Facebook is getting shitier
1	And damn them for trying to expand it!
0	I would be completely behind this. It is such a stupid rule to block cities from doing this.
1	No no no, competition is a bad thing
0	It is. And it really, really, really sucks. We're not the land of the free, we're the land of the privileged.
0	What, tax breaks on to of the gobs and gobs of subsidies and straight-up grants we gave them to expand their service into rural areas, which they didn't do?  Sure, why not.  After that, how about we make them the only ones allowed to operate DSL service in the US, extending for the life of the company plus 20 years?
0	I don't get what the downvote is for.
0	who watches the watchmen?
0	Yap except the data might not belong to a US entity and it lives in land beyond the US jurisdiction.
1	But just think how much better those lights look like to crazy people! And if you went to school,  you wouldn't know how lights worked and so it'd be just like magic!
1	We don't have Republicans in Chicago. We have Democrats and Conservative Democrats.
0	It's even worse. It isn't like DSL is even a real competitor with fiber.  DSL is so limited in the scope of what you can do in comparison. A data cap of 250-300gb is a joke. Taking advantage of fiber could lead to that much data *a day*.
0	There were no witnesses.
0	I agree with you on the permits, but are you suggesting that a corporation should be allowed to do the responsible thing on their own accord (sorting out their insurance), instead of being forced to do it?
1	Maybe it was a fun competition for employee's children to design a logo.
0	Yup, all true, but the most people were browsing in AOL back then so it was all IE.
1	Fortunately, the US was able to avoid having this kind of thing by eschewing industrial policy and allowing our oligarchs to outsource everything.  Another victory for crony capitalism.
0	Who is this lucky guy that has all these celebrities sending him their nudes? I can see someone in the hollywood scene possibly dating one or two of these people, but seriously, all of them?
0	No.
1	Don't forget your 7 proxies, no one ever gets caught that way
0	I'm not American, but should I?
0	Microsoft is the largest developer of Mac software outside of Apple.
1	Yucca mountain was supposed to be the place to store all of our nuclear waste, right? Good thing that got shut down.
0	Step 3: Don't use the cloud.
0	Room temperature superconductors would be revolutionary for so many reasons, including for this.
0	I don't see why the population density of the Emmys should be any higher than the rest of any other major city. I don't have problems using mobile internet when I'm at the mall and there are hundreds of people there using data in close proximity.
0	Stop making jokes, we're on /r... Oh
1	This was obviously Zoe Quinn's doing. Ultimate trolling of 4chan for negative criticism in the public eye.
0	"Probably because most ""Hackers"" are male."
1	Nice and intelligent comment! IQ over 1000, very funny.
1	Ugh, gross, she sided with people like Anita Sarkeesia, Tim Schafer, and Joss Whedon. Clearly she deserves all the hate.
0	It's a measure of power density. kwh/kg is energy density. Both are important factors for electric vehicles. Energy density determines your range, power density determines your performance.
0	The fingerprint locks what you don't want to divulge. Pass code, fingerprint, either way you would be consenting and incriminating yourself by granting access. Obviously, someone successfully argued to the contrary.
0	free*
0	Ok, good to know. Not that it matters, just curious where they were pulling the data from if their own search engine gives 1902 and google now gives 1909 (which we now know it does not).
0	Fill up your milk sprayers, everybody!  We've got pepper spray to catch!
0	Ok go and do that right now.
0	My company has been fighting with AT&amp;T to cancel a DS3 for THREE FUCKING YEARS. We have a bottle of champagne in the fridge for when we finally get the refunds in hand from all the reversed and wrong charges related to the account and the account shows closed in their system.
0	People seem to be more worried about corporations and better targeted ads than a big brother government. I don't get it.
1	who planted the guns?
0	"lol what's a ""article"""
0	No, they said it was a name, not a measurement.
1	Near monopoly control on access, means no innovation necessary no improved service necessary, however those providers do want more tax money subsidies, so they can make things even worse.
0	Likely true. One thing to note is that the change did let people leave their contracts without a termination fee, which was made clear to me when I complained about it.
0	In Canada at least Apple has a deal with the big carriers right now where they can't activate nor upgrade their customers.
1	But they're job creators!!!  We can't punish them!
0	I also get free roaming, was fun using 4G in NYC and having more data allowance than most locals. Lel.
0	Yeah that part was left out.  Of course, if this is successful, how long until companies like Walmart force that as the only electronic payment method?  Basically, think the way Costco only uses amex, figure Walmart cuts their fees by going cash or currentc only.  Being many people use, or depend on Walmart would rapidly have high adoption of the system... Just hypothetical thinking of what they could do.
1	My, this is INCREDIBLY IMPORTANT ...
0	Really? Have any comparisons with Google Now?
0	"Well yah, stocks go up and down all the time.  Panasonic just made a sub company called ""Panasonic Energy Corp. of North America""  If I could invest in that alone, I'd be all over it."
0	Sorry I was exaggerating. But I have heard nothing of what he is saying.
1	Another gay mac user, what a surprise
0	That day will be never.
0	If only that were true
0	"But maybe because Jobs is insecure about his size so he just makes everyone believe that 4"" is enough. While Cook has been in the receiving end for enough of times to firmly believe that bigger is better?"
0	Bike curious.
1	It all makes sense now!
0	The rainbow Apple? Obviously.
0	The Apple Watch should not have been a fitness band. They're two separate product categories.
1	Not it's the only smart watch on the market who do not log any biometric infos. It's just a plastic band.
1	because free market has totally allowed comcast free and fair competition
0	You literally copy-pasted my comment on the Hacker News post. Nice.
0	I like being able to go to the doctor if I get sick.
0	So where do I post it then? This sub has allowed MANY posts regarding shit people endure with Comcast.
0	"It also means the potential to charge someone for data that would be on their hard drive if it weren't for the ""cloud""(although I like Dropbox, its subscription model is exactly what I'm talking about).  It's a similar idea, but it has further potential if the company turns evil(not to mention monitoring potential that just isn't there when you look at individual machines)."
0	No Apple Pay doesn't need connectivity.
0	I have to say I think CurrentC is a clever name.
1	Oh heavens no! Someone may have to actually learn something to get this accomplished?! PASS!
0	I literally JUST switched off the unlimited plan because of this shit. I was getting .5 mbps. T_T It's cool though, I'm getting 30GB which is more than enough and I can tether now for the exact same price so I'll just pretend like I'm happy.
0	If they ditched the grandfathered plans it would definitely affect their bottom line.  There are quite a few of us who stick with them despite the throttling because it still is a good deal.
0	"""Joy"" yeaaaaaah."
0	As someone who eats Taco Bell, I can assure you the pain will be greater from my ass.
1	cant think of a better source for technology information than Verizon.
0	Wheres the Russians when we need them!
1	Yeah because the MPAA reporting piracy-promoting sites to the Gov. is dystopian and like 1984
0	Love the data plans.
0	My MacBook says Service Battery but at the same time says it has 3 hours left. That's not bad for a four year old laptop.
0	Ignoring all the costs associated with developing the platform, huh?
0	I'm not a bot. What you were asking was clearly help as you wanted help finding out if there were any differences between phones among carries.
0	What's the status of other carriers?
0	"What's to stop the Government from trumping up charges against board members &amp; telling whoever takes their places ""don't fuck with us""?"
0	Pulling a Lavabit wouldn't be risking it all for T-Mobile; it's be throwing it all away. Maybe the Lavabit guy did what he did solely for moral reasons, but at least it gave him a solid rep among tech enthusiasts and people are eagerly awaiting his next move.
1	Yeah, totally what I was saying, absolutely.
1	"Comcast quoted as saying, ""At least we're not Hungary."""
0	"NFC is definitely a legal form of payment - my credit card uses it, and gas stations have had NFC ""tap to pay"" tags for years. However, I'm guessing the regulation is more specific to cell phone-based NFC."
1	I guess you represent the entire payment market?
0	Yep, sad to have it go this way. But did try it peacefully first.
0	Well, in the big perspective, no one does!
1	I feel better now.
0	Yes hackers can come to your house and steal your wallet. Hackers are getting very crafty.
0	I would imagine Greenpeace has done the same. All of these extreme fringe organizations toe the line very very closely between activists and domestic terrorists.
0	Didn't shop at those places anyway.
0	Nevermind
0	All they have to do is add Google Play services to the phone and it will sell. But that would require looking beyond the Bezos Reality Distortion Field.
1	But Google would never be evil
0	This. Unfortunately, extreme groups are a necessary evil - as long as they're not resorting to violence. While I disagree with a lot of PETA's views, they have brought to light things that a non-extremest animal lover is appalled by, and generated a lot of positive change. Greenpeace is extreme, but they get the population talking about renewable forms of energy. I dislike the Sea Shepherds most of all these groups mentioned in this thread (they toe the line of violence too closely a lot of times), but even they have influenced positive change by informing the general public of the issues of whaling.
0	If you think using ones power and influence is a bad thing, you're going to be in for a lot of disappointment in life.
0	Aww, poor Amazon. Guess they'll have to wipe their tears with money from sales of other stuff.
0	Did anyone besides some idiot at Amazon think those phones were a good idea?
0	Greenpeace are terrorists.
1	Really?  I thought they were using iPads.
0	I know, right? Who wants their shitty proprietary Android version? A big reason to choose Android these days over Blackberry or Windows Phone is because of the large ecosystem surrounding it. If they wanted to roll their own, 4 years ago might have been a good time.
1	So that you can turn the LED on/off via text message.
0	Its foolish not to apply it to every app you download from the internet no matter what the OS of you phone is.
1	What? No way.  Not with all the quality control we have in software these days.
1	There's no apps there that can spy on you!
1	But I would so much rather tie my bank account to an app in my phone so if the store is hacked the hackers can drain my account directly! Such a convenience!
0	And this is why there needs to be strict QA on apps, to make sure they're not sneaking in bits of malicious code.
0	I disagree with the idea that everyone has equal responsibility or that everyone needs go to jail.
0	Yeah, it's because American workers are not competitive enough. If you guys just worked for 25 cents an hour, they wouldn't need to do this and the world of supply and demand would work out just magically!
1	No one predicted this shit would start happening.
0	Wow I never thought of this before. Its genius. +100
0	Our last resort would be to destroy all possible energy sources.
0	It would be interesting to see the thinking process of someone who thinks dealing directly with checking accounts is somehow 'shutting the banks out'.
0	Your story implies your ISP is doing real-time monitoring of your account. You may want to consider whether that's the kind of ISP you want. Mine says they do not monitor but only respond to reports of abuse. I got strike one of my six strikes when houseguests torrented several movies one night. My IP address was reported to my ISP by one of those outfits that works for the studios logging all the IP addresses they can see in torrents, but I didn't get a notice till several days after it happened.
0	Then you'd have a blurry video for the one and a half seconds before the cop starts firing. So the video would show the target hitting the floor, thats about it. Not very useful.
0	It was a website for a more civilized age.
0	"Easy for us maybe. Your average user's eye gloss over when you say ""DNS"" and their brain goes blank when you mention ""Forwarder"". A DNS block will stop the mass majority of users and they'll look elsewhere, most likely the first Google search link."
0	...and then the whole thing blows up.
0	and you get to fax them to people too.
0	Coming soon to all of your guns and all future guns....
0	Why the heck does his wife's occupation matter? Seriously, so you'd prefer if he interfered with his wife's choice of employment in order to satisfy his political image?
1	Obviously because it will only *hurt* an officer's ability to do their job and it won't tell you the *whole* story.
1	Dude, elections are coming up. Keep quiet.
0	Yeah stop complaining - that's darn fast
1	communist
0	The alternative is they whither away and die.
0	40,000 net new employees in a year. That is pretty substantial.
1	"It's under one interpretation of ""pursuit of happiness,"" which, as we all know, is an entirely 100% unregulated right."
0	"""regulations keep us safe"" ""regulations keep us safe "" Keep repeating it until you believe it. The 1 percent needs you to."
0	No, thanks.
0	Shipping is absolutely free.. you just need to pay a handling fee.
1	Who knew that appealing to your customer base would increase your viewers and ultimately profits??
0	enemy of my enemy and all that.
1	BMW boss gives a perfectly honest unbiased explanation on why BMW is better than Tesla.
0	The service has been great to me as well but there are times when Customer Service has been awful for me. Not Comcast awful or Sprint awful, however.
0	T-mobile is going ham lately
1	noooo they wrote a letter promising they wouldn't, people don't lie.
0	this has already been done to death - the aluminum isn't out of character for what it's being used for, it's a problem with the structural geometry.
0	I imagine this is what the elders of the internet look like.
0	It's a team effort.
0	Roughly an extra $125 every month on top of your monthly bill.
1	I'm sure someone will be prosecuted for this.
0	Ask MS and Google. MS has certainly been given a serious kicking which has included heavy fines and being forced to release documents to Project SAMBA.
0	I'm just here with a mac wondering wtf you people are talking about ._.
1	THEIR JOB CREATORS
0	"phew!!! I was worried until the brackets came. ""Nothing to see here, move along"""
0	Should we have also made streaming movies illegal just so the existing rent-a-movie system like blockbuster could stay in business and all we could save all of those jobs? I agree it's shitty that a lot of people would likely lose their jobs, but that's not a reason to stop the advancement of industry.
0	Ok, settle down, conspiracy theory... you might be right but what I meant was that competition will make them move forward.
0	"""Hell of a way to go"" is right. How can I set that up for my final ~~days~~ minutes?"
0	In the USA, LTE uses the 700mhz spectrum, which was vacated from the transition from analog to digital broadcasts.  I assume UK did something similar, so its odd how none of that effected these people, but suddenly you put compressed data on the same spectrum and suddenly its a health hazard.
0	If it transmitted, it would continuously detect itself and explode in an uncontrollable feedback loop. :)
0	That's still a time.
0	A fool and their money are easily parted.
0	Hasn't it always?
1	How many times do i got to tell people this is not r/conspiracy. I can't believe you people believe in such non sense.
0	No convincing ethical problems? Are you effing kidding me?! With people in charge and they still kill *mostly* innocents in their drone strikes. And now they want to leave it up to an algorithm that has biased data?
0	I have had this exact experience. I have a yubikey neo, and tried to use it for a few months, but the convenience/risk reduction ratio was unfavorable.
1	It must be true, politicians NEVER lie!
0	That's Congress' secret. There's zero chance they'll do anything.
1	"Pretty sure that was a ""Christmas tree""."
0	"Hahahahahahaha. So like 50/50 they already have and they ""won't"" do it in the future, or they will basically force them without literally forcing them."
1	You expect me to read a Dan Brown novel that doesn't have Robert Langdon in it?
0	Apple doesn't have the keys?
1	Why wouldn't Congress force Apple to decrypt phones? The government's right to see the information there is very clearly guaranteed by the the 4th amendment.
0	There is ZERO chance the gov would lie.
0	Agreed that we have certain leading concepts and technologies. We have the silicone valley, after all. But when it comes to social and political progress we are definitely declining.
1	No freedom tho.
1	Apple is dead
0	FREEDOM! MURICA! YEEAAHhH!!! FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDOMMM!!!!
0	he's implying that his sex life is a lot of bull
1	Yeah, let's let the *government* have that power.
1	Norway spent years trying to get their rainy day fund up to 1 trillion in the mean time the US simply printed 1 trillion out of thin air last year alone.
0	I used to work at a group home.  I was the HIPAA compliance person.  Unless an update is specifically approved, or an OS specifically approved, or a software running on a specific OS combination is approved, you cannot use it.  The hospital I go to was still using Windows 2000, and was in the process of upgrading to windows XP **last year** because Windows 7 was not an approved OS, nor were their programs able to run on windows 7 or Vista.  Next time you are at your doctor, look and see what OS they are running.  Windows 7 RTM got HIPAA approval last fall, and the updates approval process is even slower.
1	Pffff put on your tin foil hat, this sounds ridiculous
0	Hawks and falcons?
0	I pay for my bus rides with Google Wallet. Just tap on and off the bus/light rail/trains, and it keeps track of a transfer credit to another vehicle.
0	Good on you Norway.  America is beginning to be disappointing in matters like these.
0	Years ago I had a credit card that offered such a service and it was handy as hell.  I could set how many transactions I allowed, for how much, etc.  Unfortunately the company that offered that card went under and the bank that bought them didn't offer that service.  I believe there are some out there but I haven't gone looking for one.  Honestly the only fraud-related BS I've had to deal with has been from retail stores like Target.  I've been lucky, but it hasn't given me much incentive to go look.
0	This is what FOSS exists for. You can try to restrict and cripple commercial encryption software, but as long as there is a good open source implementation you're going to have to pry it from the cold dead hands of every tech professional.
0	Is tesla even the biggest producer?
0	As someone who used to work in this industry it is worth pointing out that it also makes it a lot more difficult to get covered for fraud in card present transactions.  If someone gets your pin and empties your account you're going to have a difficult time getting that money back.
0	With magstripe, your card gives up info that can be used many times as payment. With NFC/EMV, a chip yields data that can be used once for payment.
0	It isn't the customer's money. You can dispute any charge.
0	"Congratulations to the mod who tagged this ""Business""."
0	Most people do, it's also against the rules, though.
0	You realize you sent allowed to threaten and harrass people in real life right?
0	What is a troll (I understand to what the term commonly refers to, and anymore being a big, ugly dude living uner a brudge demanding payment to cross or forfeit your life is pretty far down the list, but if you are going to make a law against trolling you must define your terms. Is there a legal definition of what constitutes a troll?
1	I am so glad we are still fighting this war on drugs. It has been so successful. And let's continue to let them infiltrate everything from our daily driving to our social media. It makes so much sense. Maybe we can increase our dominance in the per capita incarceration rankings.
0	they created a 3d physics based engine,  i think they have the know how to create a game.  this is not about the servers, but the tools they used
0	Because you and everyone in the are are two lazy to take this up at your local government or start your own wisp net.
0	Nobody is telling you because the person probably doesn't exist.
0	Just lost respect for the company. Create a BETTER service than your competitors and people will love you, thus giving you a cultural liking. Prevent competitors from challenging you, and people will hate you, giving your consumers a reason to jump ship to the knockoff competitors.
0	Yeah, but to play devil's advocate, do you have the right to tell people in other states what to do? Jim Crowe laws are definitely immoral, but should people living across the continent tell you what to do?
1	America, you try so hard to be third world country.  Maybe one day you succeed soon!
1	America, you try so hard to be third world country.  Maybe one day you succeed soon!
1	But isn't it great that we're maintaining tradition rather than advancing?
1	Yeah, and it's not like RAID 0 or PCIe SSDs exist so there is literally no way to build storage that can write that fast. It's also not like multiple machines can use a connection at once either so this is totally useless
0	+1 to this comment. I thought that's how all garbage gets picked up everywhere else, but I guess I'm wrong.
0	Because VPN's can't be interfered with?
0	Paint me unsurprised. Anyone pushing a privacy product is, to my thinking, MORE likely to spy on it's users.
1	"It's a good thing the NSA doesn't do ""Mass surveillance"". They do ""targeted spying"". Big difference."
1	I thought America is all about freedom and capitalism, I guess Tesla does not have freedom to sell its car.
0	UN could say whatever they want. One thing I learned is they can't enforce so they US and their allies can do whatever they want because only the US helps enforce when they feel it is necessary but they always have some type of bullshit justification for their actions.
1	Well except for the fact that the Big 3 are all coming out with their own electric cars, and why wouldn't the manufacturers just sell direct also and make all the profit screwing dealers all of these conspiracy theories make sense.
1	It must be the capital H.
0	Mass surveillance is literally a crime against humanity.
0	Mah hoss is gud enuff.
0	"As a Canadian going through Michigin the only thing in my head is ""what the fuck happened, why does this whole state look like buffalo"""
1	Oh no? How will we ever help this corporation that makes luxury cars make more money?
0	six of one, half dozen of the other. The point is that the same revenue is getting taxed twice, and the rest of the developed world doesn't do this, yet Murica does. Tells you something about our dichotomy.
1	a sourceless sensationalist article from the highly corrupt and unreliable NY times, yep, that's evidence Americans can't read
0	If the state does not have any legal possibility to buy the car, I don't see why you should pay sales tax.  Not doubting you, just saying.
0	He has to initiate legal proceedings by suing first, serve the papers to Comcast and wait for Comcast's answer.  A lot of legal maneuvers can happen during this time mind you.  After this period settles, then his legal team can get into discovery.
1	but censoring the internet is totally related to free trade!
0	I'm not but everyone has issues and I'm lucky enough to never get them. Worst thing that's happened to knew was when they took away my HBO. I still get the same shitty customer service so we can imagine how that went.
1	What a surprise!!!
0	Chip Pickering? Almost sounds like a computer hardware term.
1	Man, how could Twitch Plays Pokemon censor us like this?!
0	Wait, this isn't a post about Comcast?
1	Thanks for the bracket tags
0	Comcast is the only company where a customer service rep cursed me out and hung up on me when I could not my customer number quickly enough for his liking.
1	Are those the two options?
0	My concern is the latency. Are there any details on the monitor's latency yet?
0	Worcester has a city manager, not a mayor. And according the rules of the city he can't actually deny Comcast the license based on their customer service.
0	Hope you're in the US. Haven't heard any plans to roll out HBO GO outside of the US yet.
0	Wire references are *always* in style.
0	Seriously. I pay more than that on beer and wings in one Saturday of hanging out at the bar watching games.
0	Ok. I was actually looking at one that is an indoor. Looks like there's about 30 over the air channels where I live. So hopefully I can get some sports this year. Thanks for the help!
0	Try to be more subtle when trolling. The successful troll blurs the line between serious and joking.
0	Cable providers are now silently crying
1	Things will get much much better after the TIME/Warner+Comcast marriage I'm sure
0	ESPN is owned by Disney/ABC. They have a vested interest in keeping ESPN the way it is.
0	Aka every new internet service ever.  Very few get it on their first rounds.  I suspect it will improve
0	Oh, you speak for all cord-cutters?  Thank god you're here!
0	What's even more exciting is that if HBO finds success with this model, expect other non-provider affiliated content companies to follow suit.  That way I can pay for only the content I want, and content creators get to cut out the middleman (except when they start capping and throttling my internet connection to stop this from becoming a trend).
0	Edge of Tomorrow (GotG actually, but it's not on Blu-ray yet), and I bought it the day it was out on Blu-ray. Then I deleted it off my hdd.
1	and last about 6 month. Well sign me up
0	SPELA SHORELINE
1	The difference is this is the internet, where as patent trolls use the court room.
0	There are some regulations that are not enforced, just like there were bank regulations that were weak implemented. I'd love to be wrong on this, Can you offer a case study of any large organization taken to task by the Irish Data Commissioner beyond a occasional slap on the wrist fine on small companies. Better still a statement from Digital Rights Ireland, EFF or the EDRI corroborating your opinion would be helpful.
1	But what if the NSA finds out about your porn habits?????
0	*twitch*
0	Nope.
1	So is every other service where you pay someone to do something you can't, won't, or don't want to do yourself.
0	We just found out that the Silk Road takedown didn't come from tracking over tor because they couldn't do it, so as far as we know it's the most secure thing we've got.
0	ya and nobody uses removable batteries anyway just external chargers
0	except through USPS
1	Guy must be new here.
1	They should add a watermark to the image that makes your digital camera explode.
0	Use a second phone to take a picture of the phone with the Snapchat on it.  Simple :). Snapchat is really just peddling a false sense of security.
0	At least Android lets you downgrade.
0	But this wouldn't affect encryption done on your own machine and sent encrypted, am I right?
1	I am apparently safe.  My username doesn't start with the letter B
0	gigabit*
0	Here is what's worse with all this: this affects folks that actually work from their home. Anyone that works from home requires the use of VPN so they can do their jobs.  Now if the ISP's are doing exactly what is shown in this article, this could have ramifications far worse than simple throttling of Netflix: This could compromise all internal networks within the U.S.
1	Because you're not a spy, duh!
0	"Your local drug dealer doesn't have a Square card reader on his smartphone you pay him with for ""babysitting"" or ""housework""  ?"
0	Hhhhuehuehue
1	What a revelation!  Stop the presses!!!! Digital information is not private and can be sold!!! Mind = blown
0	"""At Comcast, my voice is my password."""
1	"Hey, they are just ""associate forces"" living on the same part of the planet! If they didn't want to get killed, they shouldn't live in the same 1,000 radius area with the terrorists."
0	Relevant username? Oddly specific comment and a creepy way your name could be read. It's ok bro, it wasn't your fault.
1	Why stop at 200 years, ride out the whole time and at 400 years you'll be drowning in money.
0	$8 for 12 cups... or roughly the price of going to am-pm for a small cup of coffee.  Starbucks drip coffee is only $1.35 for the 16 oz mid sized cup. Which is about 2 kcups worth.
0	It's ok. I did it for you.
1	But he won the Nobel Peace prize!
0	Bombing other countries without congressional approval comes to mind.
0	Like environments where everyone is a lazy asshole and can't be bothered to spend ~ 2 minutes making a new pot when they finish one?
1	OH BOY NEAT
0	That's surprisingly accurate...
0	I get tired of people who believe the world revolves around their opinion. You do know half of the country voted against him right? Its almost like, he has to take into account more people than you.
1	Nice, unbiased article!
0	it's not the government you should worry about
0	So no one complained because nobody cared?
0	In response to your edit, you kind of called people out.  Some people take this stuff seriously.  I'm not entirely sure what you were expecting to happen.
0	Bed, Bath, and Beyond has plenty of Tassimo stuff.
0	They should be landing it at 666 days.
0	Because the timing of how many appliances break within two weeks of their warranty expiring is uncanny.
0	"So, Coming Soon: The K-Pen! Swipe the marker across your ""unusable"" K-cups, and voila!"
0	They did. Sucks, but they did. Google's do no evil policy went out the windows a long time ago.
1	Sure, it's easy to wire up rural Vermont.  But what about the big cities with their high population density... It's not cost effective there.
0	"Terms like crazy and even sometimes racist are used to single individuals out from the ""group"" that is society. People are different, and thats a good thing as long as they arent hurting anyone, nothing crazy about it. In fact even though i dont agree with many of the ""crazy"" thoughts, i find ""crazy"" people to be full of far less bull shit then the average collective poplation. I hate that you practicly need chest waiters to keep the bullshit off you in this world. Dont people get sick of constent bull shit?"
0	Even being limited by warrants is worthless when your courts are secret and unaccountable.
1	We need chips in our brains to set up encrypted communication through visual data, so you can't take a picture of the decrypted content on the screen
0	That was a pretty awesome video. Now I want to find the other videos he referenced he would make.
1	I trust what this man says.
0	Who's Josh?
0	That was fairly well written, I enjoyed reading that.
1	Obama, enough power to bomb foreign countries, not powerful enough to stop the destruction of the Internet.
1	Hmm.. Backing what the people want.. Is there an election coming up?
1	Yep, because benchmarks are just estimated randomly.
1	Wow they came down really hard on them
0	I've read your comment and I agree with your stance. This was a nice conversation, have a good life and a nice day internet stranger.
0	They are enemies of the internet *that we want*
0	I'm just one little dude from Washington DC Bro, chill. I will give this paper to someone who can actually do stuff like... the president?
0	"Making (a reasonable) offer satisfies the ""use it"" side of the equation."
0	I'm talking about newer products like neverwet.
0	That is very cool.I will totally look into trying them out.
1	Yeah, it just uses two electric motors, which as we all know, are terrible for torque and acceleration putting the Tesla at a huge disadvantage
0	And the Model S doesn't have any of the benefits of a gas powered car.
1	Silly Europeans. What is this 'diesel car' you speak of? Diesel is only for big trucks with 200+ horsepower!
0	Google Maps navigation has them. I've seen even shorter term events, like bushfires.
0	I vote we go to 8chan.
0	No it can't. Heat engines can never beat electric motor in terms of sheer energy efficiency because physics.
0	Venture Capitalist
0	Feed me, Seymour!
0	But this is a good thing about Comcast. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills
0	I wouldn't invest in it.
1	They? I believe the pronoun you are thinking of is xhey.
0	Because it's counting the links to images that are clicked on Reddit. Half if not more of imgur's traffic is due to the posts on reddit, seeing as how most subs encourage the use of imgur over gfycat.
0	This just in: TSA bans $0.05 coins due to nickel being utilized in these experiments.
0	Reddit News recently added this feature.
0	You aren't an Excel power user.
0	Help the poor by making some more people unemployed?  I don't think many of them would agree with your tactic.
0	depends on your phone and if you're rooted/not
0	Excellent commentary
0	"""But...the shareholders will defend me....won't they?"""
0	That's because people who are riding bicycles cant get to the correct speeds fast enough and essentially drive with their own rules: usually not using proper turn signaling and riding wherever they please. If the speeds a bike can go are increased, the state would have to issue bicycle licenses for this specific bike(because its over the street legal limit) and bicyclists would have to follow the rules of the road or risk getting pulled over. Since that will likely occur, I see no reason why these would be treated any differently from a motorcycle or moped.
0	You can remove them, but they'll be generally useful to most. Glance to see if you have a new email/notification, check if your game has finished downloading/updating, etc. It depends on the developer to make them worthwhile, they are merely a tool.
0	One of the biggest pluses for Amazon Prime video is they carry HBO tv shows. Makes the cost worth it to me compared to an HBO subscription.
0	I was gonna write another argument against you, but I think reddit votes said everything I wanted to :)
0	Yes, but the way in which the Exec can act is determined by the Legislature. For example, the Exec runs the Endangered Species Act, but there are a set of rules they have to follow. Bush Jr. couldn't have just took everything off the list, nor could Obama add anything he wants to it. This isn't a dictatorship is a Representative Democracy. Legislature creates law, Exec implements the law, the Judiciary inspects or modifies it if it doesn't follow past laws.
0	He can be a decent human being but you don't put someone in charge of an industry he lobbied for.  That's like making a wolf the guard of the hen house.  Then again, it worked out well for banks... right?  I mean, we didn't have anything bad happen to bank in a long time to cause any sort of economic crises or anything due to the fact that those in charge were also former lobbyists and such.  Nope, nothing wrong with that at all.
0	It's people like you that Comcast love the most. You're convinced that you're already fucked so you just sit back and let it happen.
1	I don't know what the fuss is! The agent just borrowed her account!
0	thx meing
0	Or if you don't care about that exception right at that moment, at least log it, so that when you inevitably do care you can observe all the cases it happened and handle it correctly.
0	you're right, these people are all probably lying. go fuck yourself.
0	No, they ALL say it.
1	Yahoo is still in business?
0	So?
0	It's called Native America... have some sense.
0	Melissa Mayer is so overrated its ridiculous.
0	Ac1200 db fdk1113v4. Linksys router is working without issue. Belkin is a paperweight.
0	Unless you use at&amp;t, where you HAVE to rent
1	but Comcast *is* a person!
0	You're full of shit. Everyone knows that employers in the US don't have to give a reason to terminate you.
0	Imagine you have a contract with Company X. If someone claims to represent Company X and tries to use their position to coerce you, you wouldn't involve Company X?
0	That was a mistake, you'll see the charge on your next statement.  Sorry for the inconvenience.
0	A defamation case might have hold here right? IANAL, but seeing as they record all customer interactions they should be able to produce all of his interactions. Audio would be hard to doctor and email could also be brought up from his side as well. So either the records match up with comcast and it gets dismissed or it doesn't in which case the damage is the loss of his job and further promotions. And if Comcast doesn't produce any records they will have to explain how they some how very specific customer data. In which case the judgement, i would think, go toward the plaintiff.
0	I seriously wonder how the call to his employer even went.  That seems almost illegal, especially putting his account into collections before it was even due.
1	Nonsense! Everyone knows abstinence-only education is 100% effective at preventing ~~pregnancy~~ negligent death!
0	Its been quite awhile since a politician legitimately listen to people when a huge corporation(s) wanted something else. Just look at Citizens United.
0	Again, in mammals it is the female of the species who is in control of reproduction.  She is the ultimate chooser.  Males don't choose.  Yes they participate, but if she refuses there is no reproduction.
0	"""Guy who installed a custom iPhone 6 android OS puts himself through college"""
0	what money is buying FCC board member votes, and how?
0	I don't think that's necessarily true. Many of them do have free wifi, even though it usually sucks. They're above average in free amenities in my experience.
1	Oh noes, I'm so scared!
0	Was it your thread that had the Environmental observation drone mailed to your location by accident?
0	I'd say that's a big part of it. I'm very extroverted and creative, and I love the problem solving and building aspect of software engineering... that's why I stuck it out. At high school I had a lot of friends, but at uni I really struggled to click with a lot of the guys. Some of them are great, but many just were too different from me to really click with. I was quite lonely for a while and struggled to keep my motivation up, I felt outside the loop like I didn't really belong there. I've found good friends now I've graduated and I'm in the world of work, the office has a much greater variety of personalities than uni. This is just my experience though.
0	It does. You think if you get salary employer can demand 24 hours of work a day from you legally?
0	I feel like there are a couple of people on the FCC trying to save the rest of them from fucking everything up.
1	But apple just steals everything.
0	Say
0	I didn't see that. A lot of the problem is nursing is that you reach the top of the payscale relatively quickly and the top isn't very high for someone with as much skill and knowledge and responsibility as we have. It's frustrating. I just left the profession and am hoping not to go back.
0	mhmm definitely up to the individual's skill. but for someone who's never even shot a gun before and is planning on picking one up, i'm sure you'd agree with 00
0	I was more worried about the orange spherical targets- I don't know what they are, but she got really close to one before shooting it, and that could spread shrapnel depending on the material.
0	AR15, thanks but even the 8 shots in my Mossberg 930 isn't enough.
1	simple solution, always sleep with a loaded handgun with the safety off!
1	Here in the US, we have the freedom of 0 mandatory paid vacation days and overpriced healthcare that (used to, not entirely sure if thats the case anymore) drop you at the first sign of illness, and we like it, damnit! Anything else is liberal garbage and socialism!
0	Worst troll 2014
0	Me too. Watching my friends I was happy with my decision!
0	lol everyone here is one upping each other about how shitty their work culture is. I'll balance things out by saying that I work in IT and have an amazing work/life balance. 9-5 M-F 40 hours a week. Overtime is optional.
1	So like any women.
0	Well that seems to make sense doesnt it? If kids are being raised by people who didn't grow up in an environment where every kid played with every toy, every kid liked every color and so on, then we're not really raising a gender equal generation are we? There's still some carry over.
1	What a revelation
0	"There's something called *""Connotations,""* which *drone* has, like it or not. *Drone* paints a certain picture in the minds of common people, which may not be exactly what it says in the dictionary, since the tech is newly widespread."
0	Wait is this an inside joke?  Am I being whooshed? I swear there was a thread a few months ago about a bit who deliberately did this to drive his colleague insane?
0	Out of curiosity, did you find that there were social circles and events which you were also formally excluded from (i.e. not invited). I've noticed groups of guys buddying up and often doing a lot of networking at various places I've worked, and it's hard not to imagine how that might close off opportunities for people who arbitrarily fall outside of that circle.
0	Drone is just another word for an unmanned aircraft or UAC.  Drone does not mean an unmanned US military aircraft.
1	You know you're right, it was such bullshit that we bent over backwards for those black people after the civil rights movement.  I mean seriously, if they go into a white dominated industry they shouldn't ask them to change for them.
0	**W**ine **I**s **N**ot an **E**mulator
0	Go-ogle
1	Yeah I'm sure Google doesn't do that times 1000
0	Link?
1	Nah reddit never assumes things  all we have is facts.
0	as a venue open to the public, the library may be targeted for civil suits if they refuse to rent the presentation room to a group based on their political beliefs, even if they are archaic and stupid.
1	Tshhhhhhhh, and turn back! Librarinazi thread!
0	also she has to be a Libra.
0	So what, France?
1	The law that prevents them from doing that is itself secret.
1	Great, I've always had a hard time hiding all the books I've read from the NSA.
0	And on medications.
0	That's why people have reputation on ebay. If someone has 1000s of sales and is like 99.5% positive, and the sales are also of similar things, you can be pretty sure the seller is trustworthy.
1	Those weren't celebrities, so they don't count.
0	Dick move Apple.
1	...and this is totally relevant to companies like Apple and Google.
0	This is true, but, largely it's done just to separate Samsung from the other Android phones, many people actually do not prefer Samsung's interface compared to stock Android because it's slower and less sleak. The thing is, Samsung had a base, a large base, the bulk of the operating system was done for them.
0	the only time I went on it was out of curiosity, and there was guns then so I assumed it was always the case
0	its only moving to animal trials, which means its about 10 years away however with the ebola outbreak it may be expedited
1	No; developers (every single one) can only ever focus on one thing at a time.
0	"""Gaming Journalism Corruption Controversy"" is a bit verbose and doesn't have the same ring to it."
0	I usually use about 50 gb per month and nothing happens
0	Cable TV should be cheaper than it is- what really drives up the cost is sports.  No matter if you watch them or not, when you buy cable, you are subsidizing the enormous costs that football, baseball, basketball games etc. demand to keep their bloated corporate franchises operating.
0	They don't need to and they don't do things like that. They sell it without it installed, leaving up the user to install it or not which is the right thing to do. I had it installed at first but only recently removed it completely from all my devices and even family devices. None of us reminisce over Adobes weekly required updates at all.
1	The crashes are probably an exploit that unknowingly crashes another exploit, you need to load your exploits in the correct order to prevent crashes.
0	Especially since Bing is more lax on filtering pornographic material from their search results.
0	"the past couple years Missouri fish and game has been talking about using drones for flying over people's property...the response is always the same ""Go for it....i need skeet practice."""
0	Does this matter?  Is it real or a sleight-of-hand trick intending to manipulate the populace?
1	I'm sure their salaries will be raised to reflect the insane cost of living in san fran.
0	Why are they worried about privacy? They must be ~~nudists~~terrorists?
0	I personally like the privacy. Certain configurations really give you that nice sense of privacy, like Cathay or Eva. They also have nice duvets.
0	But you'd be living in Silicon Valley. Regardless of where you live, with $250k you're still making more money than 99.96% of the world's population. I'd say that's pretty wealthy.
0	yes, thank You kind Person! May your coming days be grand!
0	Zlowjobs?
0	Pls tell my future.
0	Swoosh
0	Do people seriously still watch DVDs? I thought the format/filesize only allowed them to be up to 480p. That's pretty much unwatchable if you care about quality or have decent equipment.
0	6-10 years.
1	Will this make me a paid shill for reddit
0	I suggest you brush up on your UK law, you're allowed to carry a knife that has a blade with a length of 3 inches or shorter. A locking knife is perfectly okay, as long as it's within that length.
0	Could someone explain, this is if they connect to it wirelessly? What if they have a physical locked phone?
0	Plus an NSA/FBI front door just to psych everyone out of protesting at the total lack of system security. Because what if they have pictures of weed on there or something.
0	"My first thought was that it had something to do with the whole ""cursed ninth symphony"" thing from the oldschool composers haha"
0	Oh. Okay. Fair enough :-)
1	Obama promised us change. He kept his word. It's not the change we wanted, but obviously is the change we need.
0	Not on your level, but always curious where one stands.
0	Is that Windows 8 or 8.1?
0	Man ME always gets shit. It was on the very first computer I bought for myself (as opposed to the family computer growing up). It always served me well.
1	Students will love using this app and having advertisers know every time they have sex!
0	Yea they are. I don't think I've ever shot a slav gun before. I need to look into that.
0	Nintendo isn't even posting annual profits and the reason is because the 3DS is dragging them down.  The WiiU's sales are less than stellar to say the least, and while the Wii before it sold a lot of units, it didn't sell a lot of games.  Nintendo has been in decline for 4 console generations.  Also I meant Zynga's peak value.  After they broke up with facebook they lost 65% of their peak valuation.
1	"Except for the fact that it's difficult to acquire any sort of employable skill without maths and you never ever not once in your life ever have to write in cursive. It doesn't have any utility whatsoever, what value do you see in it? ""I done it when I was a kid so everyone else should too""? That's extra valid"
0	No need to make it a default, just automatically turn it on it when a post reaches 500 points.
0	Yeah this isn't even a fair fight.  It's funny reddit is fapping about government providing internet right after the Snowden revelations.
0	You're full of shit. Good luck paying rent, living costs and tuition on a part-time job in the UK.
0	Good for you?
1	So let's ban privacy and restrict what people can code!
0	pssh, been rockin this gold nugget chain necklace since '82.
0	Example C: Power Glove.
0	comcast has a defacto block on third party devices using hbogo, that's my reason for torrenting after the fact/using the god awful on demand service. they have the god damned balls after teh fact to actually send takedown notices of the content as well.
1	"""b-b-b-b-but we should tax that money because they aren't using it!"""
0	They seem to be perfectly fine at making decisions, seeing as their still a large and successful company. I think what you really mean is that they're not the best at making decisions that you like.
1	False. A Bluetooth classic NES controller is the only way to play old Nintendo games.
0	Did you read the article? She seems to disagree with you. At least compared to her time at Amazon.
0	Fuck, if they released any gen pokemon game on Android and ios with net play, the world would implode
1	So, it's your fault I don't have fiber.
0	So if someone start sending super mario bros roms in a sound format via the phone system to be reconstructed in the proper rom format does nintendo get to sue phone companies?
0	D:
0	I've never had them, though I was told that the people that rented my house before me did, and they didn't pay the bill. Now they tell me that I owe over $1000 just for leased equipment, even though I have no connection to the previous person. So I don't know if they have the option to buy. I would assume they do.
0	They would be bound to give you a watch if you had donated enough money to qualify for such a reward.
0	Bing, iphones.
1	French code is the worst!!!
0	You're *
0	Am I the only one to be unimpressed by this thing? Sure,  it's cool but I can't believe someone hasn't thought of a similar system in the last century.
0	sounds like you have a chip on your shoulder about his eccentric extravagant lifestyle (which is understandable). If what you said was true about him buying a house he couldn't afford, you'd have a point. if the reality was not that he's broke because his bank accounts were frozen in order to deny him a proper legal defence in a complex case, you'd have a damn good point right there.
0	Actually it is. Anytime the government actually works and passes something that no one talks about, it makes me thing there is some underhanded stuff going on behind the scenes.
1	He runs out of money and his beautiful wife leaves him... what a shocking turn of events
0	I went to get another one in early July and the warranty/care plan was about $30 -.-
1	Wait.... Reddit points mean something?
0	Better shut the windows randy.
0	He'll have to change Dan to Daniel.
1	It's decisions like this one that make proud of being European.
0	It's an expression to distinguish free (as in beer) from free (as in speech).
0	First off, who the fuck does that on tinder that sounds dumb as shit. Second, when I first was playing around with GPS spoofers on my rooted phone I used it on tinder because it's the only harmless location based app I could think of and it works just fine.
0	That corrupt chode, Abbott, will probably try to make these turbines illegal.
0	Why not just unfriend these people instead of being a tool?
0	Unless there's enough money, then the trial is optional.
1	Too bad the royalties will make this tech cost prohibitive. ;-)
0	ANY billing that is incorrect is refundable for up to statute of limitations
0	It's especially telling that the only civilian oversight and restraint over the intelligence apparatus is also full of its apologists.
0	You're absolutely right. I'm just trying to emphasise that part because this thread is starting to read like that isn't possible.
0	Don't be facetious, Jeffery..
0	So bigger... as measured by market cap.
1	They're above the law. Now shut up and fall back in line citizen.
0	Solution:  Inform them that you will seek compensation in small claims court if they do not refund all of the invalid charges.
0	A lot of legacy Manifest files are coded with build ID 9 so reusing the version no will fuck old apps.
0	Poetic justice would be fun to dispense right about now.
1	And it makes the crime rate look like it falling. A win win for everyone!
1	Bro, relax. The new media has no rules
1	I meant Kelley, filthy IU casual.
0	The *right people*, yes.
0	Just a fair warning read the article, and his comments.  He wants fast lanes for doctors so they can have Connectivity when a emergency occurs and things of that nature. He is not avacating to block your business for getting quality speed.
0	"The word is ""unless"". You wrote ""inless"""
1	Let's get a black teenager killed by Comcast so we can watch them be looted and burned.
0	They're not so much pulling it up as greasing it and removing the occasional rung. It's still theoretically possible to succeed; it's just made more and more difficult with each new barrier.
0	Did you even read the article?
1	Did you know that if Netflix and YouTube disappeared tomorrow, people would stop watching videos on the internet???
0	Netflix OFFERED TO PAY FOR A FREE SERVER HOSTING on verizon. How is that not a NN violation. Hint the EFF actually thinks it is a violation.
0	"they are readily available on ""The Politics Bureau"" but I don't see why you would want to use Sony Vegas Pro anyways."
0	When people get dox'd, swatting usually follows. All personal info gets uploaded to places like pastebin: name, address, cell, ssn, dob, drivers license info, etc. Scary stuff. Wired did an article on cosmo the god who was dox'd then swatted a few times. It's a good read. Can't link. On my cell. Sorry.
0	If you were to record a rep saying that on the phone when signing up and then you didn't get it, would you be able to get money for breach of contract?
1	I feel soooo bad for the company that installed rootkits onto people's computers a few years back and got off Scott free.
0	Hilarious.
0	The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
1	Shocking.
0	"Groaning how ""bad"" it is for the ""poor employees of Comcast"" is like saying that the enemy soldiers shouldn't be shot at just because their leader is an asshole."
0	Momentum, just a few weeks after the GOP took the senate. Riiight.
1	Lol, yeah, Tesla has achieved absolutely nothing in terms of invigorating public attitudes towards clean car alternatives and making them a major growing alternative, and is totally responsible for other things failing.
1	Color me absolutely shocked.
1	Are these the same scientists who are KILLING JOBS because of some liberal global warming hogwash?
0	You underestimate my downloading, heavy gamer and I host a teamspeak server.
1	but guyz, local storage so expensive/unreliable, put ur dataz in da cloudz.
0	Yubikey too.
0	Nor decrying him as only worthless and greedy.
0	Sure, that would make sense to avoid ridiculous abuse.
1	This just in, people don't change.
1	I don't know, seems like if I wasn't my representatives to do something, is have to vote more often than every presidential election.
0	"Why would I spend $200 on a modem and router when my rental fee is like $5 a month? This is like renting a car and having Enterprise say ""Thanks for paying for our service. Oh! By the way, you have to be an Uber driver now."""
1	Dude, your phone is a useless piece of junk if you don't use Newsstand.
1	Because your computer is the only way to charge your e-cig.
0	Mine is the same, except the characters alternate left hand / right hand. It says I like to type quickly, I guess?
0	The idiots on this site are complaining about their choices that are a direct result of government interference and regulation and think the answer is MORE regulation and interference. BRB, need to go get in another car wreck to fix my broken arm.
0	My password is a long string of random letters and numbers I blindly typed out and then memorized. It says very little about me.
0	Power.
0	And I've got a fun-sized pack of M&amp;Ms to buy him with.  We've restored normality and I even get to be an oligarch now.  Yay us.
0	Deluge.
0	Why do I think a regulatory agency should have a say in what a business in the industry its regulating can or cant do? Because thats what it was created to do... They are attempting to create a monopoly the government has every right to step in and restrict their actions.
1	This surprises me. Verizon is so well-known for its customer-centric policies.
0	I think a full documentary, funded by the right people, based on shitty american businesses and monopolies is overdue.  Comcast can definitely take center stage.
0	Schrodinger's Cell Phone.
0	they legally have to i think
1	Good guy at&amp;t.
0	Nope. I am prepaid for over a year. And have been like that for over a year already.
1	Yeah, that's why the house is voting to repeal it - so they can come together and pass a strong version.
0	I'd rather my future children live short and free than long and enslaved.
1	Thanks for creating a grammatically perfect sentence.
0	I've read about courts ordering people to hand over passwords. And they'd be in contempt of court if they didn't
0	"(Insert obligatory Jar Jar Binks) ""Yousa say people gonna die???"""
0	How many GMOs are in jet fuel? All of them. How do you think chemtrails are made? HAARP needs them to function properly. GMO = 3 letters, 3 sides to a triangle. Illuminaty confirmed.
0	Given that it limits insurance company overhead to 15% of premium revenue, and requires a refund of excess premiums annually, it is insurance company reform.
0	Desperate people say desperate things.
1	This just proves why data caps are needed
1	I pay for reddit with my invaluable comments instead of viewing ads. I am basically creating content for reddit for free. It's they who should pay me money for hours I waste here.
1	Cause here in 'Murica we have free market.
0	They'll make a killing on selling replacements for all the ones people lose.
0	Nice try Amazon Fresh PR
1	"""Land of the free."""
0	When one thinks of internet speeds that fast, one also thinks of disks being able to write a nice handful of orders of magnitude faster than they do now.
0	Lobbied using the taxpayer money that was handed over to them by the government to do exactly what they are lobbying against.
0	HAHAHAHHAHA! Well said.
0	Time to break Comcast up like it's the 80s and they've got a big Bell on their stationary.
0	Same... Could always go back to Uverse but its so fucking slow and expensive.
0	I think one of the guys I work with can help you with that. Can you contact me via the website form and I can put you in touch with him?
0	I only install games at the end of the month now because of this.
0	They have been for a few years now, it was a big deal when it happened, but in reality the caps are high enough it affects very few people, most of whom are complaining in this thread.
0	Comcast is literally Hitler. Am I first in the thread to Hitler?
0	I vote for 'Fuckknuckle Inc'.
0	Speeds will still be ridiculously, embarrassingly low.
1	Now you're being an evil commie socialist and any politician suggesting that will be run out of office.
0	5gb is about 2 hours of Netflix streaming in HD.
1	99.98% less bandwidth for 10% off the bill. Who wouldn't want that!
0	Let's not do that. I don't need to go to prison.
1	You mean you'd have to pay $60 for the game plus what you pay for the month for internet plus $10 then on top of that you need to live without internet for the next 29 days... perfectly reasonable! Maybe you shouldn't be such a power user you data hog!
0	No. There's no point in bitching about big brother when you turn around and tell little brother to cuff you.
1	Yes because the majority of people in america can live without internet now a days.
1	You know what seems like a great idea? Secret laws and courts.
0	Top search on Yahoo: How to change default search engine in Firefox.
1	Yeah, I'm sure everyone is happy with that decision.
0	Fuck Comcast, now give me gold. Or I'll take your internet of the Super-Ultra-Mega-Quick-Hyper-Fast-Lane.
0	Well, I'll be. I never noticed that before. Emoticons show up on alien blue but not my browser (Chrome with RES).
0	And to think these assholes believe they deserve to essentially control the Internet
0	A RAR file?
0	I don't think he meant run by the government, but lines laid down for anyone to use like the interstates.  New, current technology laid lines that could be used by any company would create the competition that is needed to drive good prices and good service.
1	Who has time for a warrant when lives are at stake?  Why won't you just think of the *children*?
0	Netted* :)
1	To put it flatly, encryption is used like a weapon in the same way a turtle uses its shell to bludgeon its prey to death before it eats it.
0	"""Elizabeth Warren to (something people generally have an issue with):  [insert obvious popular sentiment here]"""
1	We all know how private prisons are a huge success.
0	I think that's called the Tea Party.
0	Fresh bananas!!!
0	I'm pretty libertarian leaning but I'm glad they killed the bill. They made it so they would shift the bulk data gathering to the FBI and call it something else and they also tacked on an extension of the Patriot Act unto the bill. Get it right or don't even bother passing it.
1	Thanks, Democrats who didn't bother vote!
0	This is wrong. The bill would not have stopped PRISM, nor rolled it back. It applies exclusively to the FBI as written, and only makes them go through FISA rubber stamp courts for warrants.
1	What?! Government didn't want to give away any of their illegal powers?! How can that be?!
1	because then things might get done, and people might know what they're doing. can't have that.
1	Thanks, Obama!
0	If filibusters are going to happen, then the other side needs to actually have to filibuster.
1	Gee, I can't wait until Republicans assume majority in January. Yay us.
0	I don't get it. Or the article is shit because EFF is backing it. Huh??
0	As opposed to a triple double, which I got last week when I fucked around on the court.
0	Again: municipalities. Get them on board with taking over their infrastructure.
0	Maybe if they got a letter from Ford, GM, Shell, and BP they would actually care.
1	What's the matter?  Are you a freedom hating commie?  Are you not a PATRIOT?
0	Not going to lie, as a kid (when I say kid I may mean broke high school or college kid) I had done this from time to time.  As an adult I do not do this, partly because I do not drink much pop anymore, and partly because it is wrong to do.
0	Yes because a ruling that says all internet is equal is worse than our isp's being able to throttle different sites unless they get paid more.
0	Flying Strip Club. I could see this being the plane of choice for Vegas.
0	If you watch the video it does appear Nokia is trying to do something different with Z Launcher and the hardware looks OK for a first attempt.  The price sounds reasonable as well.
0	Do you honestly think he believes half of this? Hanlons razor does not apply to politicians.
1	Naw man didn't you here they moved state lines to get a few more senators in this time around
0	"""I'm not a computer scientist, but..."""
1	god bless murica, and all the fredom we have...w/me love our 2 party system
0	Well that's just the last straw, I don't think Bin Laden is a very nice man anymore.
0	Go home Holmes, you're dead.
1	Yeah, lies usually work out in public favor.
0	I imagine digital privacy requires a similar of care and effort as physical privacy.  I have to assume that anything on a piece of tech I use which is connected to the internet can be spied upon.  Mostly I rely on being very obscure in what I put on my computer, and also that an overabundance of information on the part of collectors is only slightly better than none at all.
0	That's what happens when you're promised change and then that person changes their promise.
0	"Cruz reminds me of Zorg in"" 5th Element. "" He sells his soul for money and power."
0	Hasn't done shit yet. He could remove Wheeler, but he doesn't- why?
0	I think its an issue to worry about a small subset of peoples problems over the majority, but now I'm just repeating myself. Talking to you is pretty much a waste of time, you just repeat the same thing over and over. It's like it's your religion or something.
1	Yeah because net netruality is the only important issue the FCC oversees and the candidates ability to do the job should be based totally on one issue.
0	A small few will always have conditions to cause them to go against the norm. The issue is when people like you make blanket statements based on the that small minority.
0	Just to be clear, they're not taking away anyone's bitcoins. They're just banning accounts.
1	Very insightful demographic analysis
1	So wait I can pay money to carry an extra device that does what my phone already does?  Yeah I'm sold.
0	Vegas is a shithole.  Don't go.
0	Ok you got me there, one plays for the rich and the other for the poor; doesn't change the fact that they still both go to the same parties after work.
0	Yeah, I think that's the unfortunate best alternative for those concerned about privacy. Thanks for your reply (not sure why I was downvoted for asking...)
0	So they pray to Allah, they call themselves Moslems, believe in the Koran, Mohammed, and the Hadith, carry out the orders of Mohammed, but they, IS citizens and members of the IS, are apparently not Moslems but political idealogues, at least according to you.
1	But didn't you just read my comment? **You are only getting five emails per day!** It's right there in black and white, I read it on the internet so it must be true!
1	Why would these companies support ObamaNet?
0	Both the US and French telecom industry were 100% nationalized until the last few decades. There's no free market in either market and regulation won't help because it's what messes up the market in both countries.
1	I for one, feel safer knowing this violent criminal is behind bars
0	You're correct, some critical thinkers are still lemmings who will believe in a higher power due to societal pressure, despite their better judgement.  However, the point of the article is that the internet drastically decreases the number who are forced into this compromise of cognitive dissonance, which is true.
1	Man, such persecution.  How did you keep on living with that kind of shame?
0	"""Trust in the lord with all your heart, do not rely on your own understanding"""
0	Modern cults are also associated with isolation from non-cult friends/family/acquaintances, and failure to let members leave after initiated.
0	Faith requires it.
0	Surely you mean half a billion right? I don't know about the deal but $500k is like less than what major companies spend on stationary in a quarter or equal to about 5 employees' wages.
1	Seriously!  Are the completely ignoring the number of cars &amp; trucks obliterated by squirrels, jet airlines crashing due to birdstrikes and ship sinkings due to fish strikes??
0	No, not at all! I'm saying that an actual paramedic may be minutes away, and the only person keeping you alive is a kid with an expired CPR card in his wallet
0	"Before I even clicked on the comments my first thought was ""Mall Cops""."
1	Corporations are people.
0	Exactly what the other guy said. If you see it as that much of a problem, then why aren't you protesting right now?
1	If the Brazilians aren't doing anything they shouldn't be, then they have nothing to fear from spies.
0	Its Russians. I have been watching RT and this is basically all they report on. I long since unsubscribed from them.
0	T-E-R-R-I-F-I-C
0	its a sad day
0	"""Conservatives who have bought every other talking point, jingoistic drivel, and lies from Fox News and Republicans for years, upset when the nonsense hits something they themselves can experience""."
1	I wonder which of those two things will be given the most research time
0	If there's a limit to the amount a campaign can receive, that will level the playing field. Kind of like a salary cap in some sports. Everyone can spend up to *x* amount of dollars, now who is going to spend it the wisest.
1	Why do you need a third party when the first two are definitely not the same?
0	Yes, he's a main contributor to it.
1	YEAH OBUMMER NEEDS TO GET HIS DIRTY COMMUNIST MUSLIM ISLAM FIST OUT OF MY INTERNET!!!! THIS IS AMERICA! NO MORE DUMBO-CRATIC POLLUTING MY VIEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Nuclear is heavy.  Our last mars rover is nuclear powered instead of solar, but it's also the size of a car.
0	The problem is these people will still vote for him if he somehow comes up with the republican nomination for president.
1	So open and free, not a closed wall like apple!
0	plot twist: Brian L. Roberts is taking over
0	Huh, that's interesting. Thanks for sharing. I hope you find the happiness you're seeking.
0	Please
0	"Well, I appreciate trying to have a reasonable discussion, but you should try not to straw man me. The whole ""wouldn't you be happier with a republican president like Fox News tells you?!"" Is really condescending and has no place in the argument. I'm a democrat/green party. It's a bipartisan issue besides."
0	I just tweeted at them. Thx for the copy/paste!
0	Hitler.
0	Well we won't be hunting for space whales any time soon, that's for sure.
1	Everyone in support of net neutrality is a misogynist!
0	May as well also type out without instead of w/o now that we've freed up more space.
0	Yes, of course. What do I look like, a politician?
1	Where is #GamerGate? It's about JOURNALISM!
0	It has to be written because the people those conservatives elected are not beholden to their voters interests but are instead tied to the ISPs army of lobbyists who are telling them what to think and what to say and how to say it.
0	I'm betting I'm the only one in this thread that has ever actually been involved in infrastructure development, every one of you are complete fucking morons who have no clue how the industry actually works.
0	netscape navigator was the shit back in the day. I was severely disappointed when microsoft's browser became completely dominant.
0	It's a prototype to prove a technology - so it's not art, it's a science/engineering experiment.
1	The companies, out of the kindness of their hearts, decide to stop their petty fighting and start cooperating with each other. They will band together and create a standardized system which, in the end, will benefit all companies and all customers.
0	At least you're consistent.
0	Yeah, because satellite internet is exactly what starving teenagers across the globe want.
0	Next Stop: Uranus
0	We're not golden gooses to keep squeezing for eggs.
0	I have a photo of me where I'm older
0	So now we can begin the comet ice extraction process to cool global warming
0	Happy 50th anniversary, European space research. What a fitting way to celebrate :)
1	ya go ahead and roll out fiber to 7 billion people. That will totally happen before satellites can do it.
0	A society is great when old men plants trees they will never sit in the shade of.
0	don't worry about it, the naysayers just haven't been paying attention to the progression of technology for long enough.
0	In this case Spotify is addressing its statement to artists, one in particular. but the fact is that the only reason that Spotify exists at all is that they play ball with the status quo middle man business model. You talk about artists managing their own catalog, when I think you know that that's pretty much never a condition of any record contracts. The middleman almost always gets to dictate the terms of these contracts, with the artist and consumer having a disadvantaged bargaining position when dealing with them.
0	Why does songza never seem to make it into these conversations?
0	Until they publicly change the name, this sounds like a weak attempt at placating the tech masses.
0	I pity you.
0	How the hell is donating money going to do anything?  They already own the trademark, what's the problem?
1	I bet we are all just pissing our pants with anticipation in letting them have our bank info.
0	Bullshit. $5 bucks a month is $60 per year. Public radio has been funding itself that way for decades. You are going to tell me with a straight face you can't squeeze 5 bucks a month out of your budget?
0	My father lives there. The politics are no better there than they are here.
0	Basically imagine an SSD hard drive that mounts into your RAM slot, not 400GB of RAM.
1	Let me get this straight - if Net Neutrality is killed, the Big Corporations will crush the little guy.  Oh, yeah, I could see how the Republicans would be against *that*!
0	Group on is trying to squeeze a non profit company out of a trademark on open source software.
0	Not against republicans. Against stupid people.
0	Well, I have Comcast, and the customer service is terrible,but my Internet is remarkably fast. Certainly enough to stream movies and games on multiple screens with minimal lag.
1	Teddy Cruz doesn't give a fuck. He's being paid vast sums of money by these companies to let them do what they want. It's the American way after all.
0	Pope Francis seems pretty humble, both in lifestyle, speech, and dress, for a man of his influence and public figure.
0	For himself. Which is where the money comes in. Anything other than that is your own problem.
0	The finality of discriminatory terrestrial power projection.
1	Because more regulation is the answer.
1	He's right! The shitty, corrupt and anti-consumer monopolies we have right now are far superior.
0	We already know the cable monopolies want to do awful things that would break the Internet.  This is trying to stop them in the way that everyone who designed and works on the internet wants.
0	If broadband is a vital service, does that mean that we are going to get ObamaNet?
0	Not for another two months.
1	Well, we know Obama gets everything he asks for, right?
1	HOLY SHIT. OBAMA SAYING SOMETHING THAT WILL MAKE HIS POLL NUMBERS GO UP AND YET NOT ACTUALLY TIE HIM TO DOING ANYTHING ABOUT THE ISSUE? That's nevvverrr happened before. I can see why you're surprised.
0	I'm sorry your post has been removed as it has been covered by numerous other articles.
0	Utilities are heavily regulated and taxed.
1	Hey, stop using science, logic and thinking about reality -- we're talking about SOLAR FREAKIN' ROADWAYS!
0	i wonder how politicians can/will fuck this up.  allow ToS to render us slaves if we use to much bandwidth?
0	"That's sort of his job. He has limited power to just ""Do"". And of course the response is ""yeah but he appoints aBLOO BLOO"" but that mostly belies an ignorance of how the system is meant to work."
1	But but, he will be beaten to it by the Outernet!
0	I never said it was perfect, just possible. It really helps if all the people get behind each other too, instead of jumping down their throats.
1	Yes, thank you! You know what some people don't understand is, corporations are people my friend.
0	Nope. There has never been a proven intent to distribute. He was legally downloading material he was legally allowed to use. JSTOR didn't like that he was downloading that much, even though as a Harvard Fellow he had every right to download from there, and blocking his computer. So he tresspassed in order to prevent them from blocking. But there is zero evidence he intended to distribute the JSTOR files.
0	"Why are you getting downvoted? He was an industry lobbyist before being appointed Chairman by Obama. He was picked *by Obama* and this outcome was entirely predictable. This is one of the times that a sarcastic, ""thanks, Obama!"" is justified."
1	Probably because he thoroughly read all 1,000,000+ emails already &amp; understands them well.  No need for any more public input.
0	Okay cool thanks for the reply
0	I'm interested in discussion, but not one that is simply responding to old, tired, obvious points.  It's like Philosophy 101.
0	"I love that she ""reached a settlement"" with the lender and that when she bought her new car, ""she paid cash.""  Translation--the lender paid her off big time because she was right."
0	30 seconds after using it to go online it was compromised and used as a bot.
1	Whatever, shill.
0	Their internet is kick ass. I pay for 50/25 but usually get 65/30. No complaints.
0	Yeah we know.
1	Guys, he did something *illegal*, never mind the *ethics*, because the law *always* trumps ethics, and that settles it! Also he's not as strong as Nelson Mandela, so fuck him!
1	So when people kill themselves or are killed due to circumstances they participate in that bring about their own death, we should mourn them less. Got it! Mourning hierarchy.
0	How so? If he wanted the same data in a physical format, he could've gone to a library and read it, even copy it.
0	"""Look at all the stupid average people. I'm so smart; unlike *them*."""
0	none?
0	The difference between our societies is small but fundamental. Here at least we have the illusion of choice, a vital tool for controlling a populace.
0	More Marx and/or Luxemburg methinks. :p
0	Somehow, I think Swedish judges are more qualified to make that call than you.
0	The harsh sentences make the headlines but loads of people get judgments with no or low prison time. It all depends on the case, lawyer, judge and jurisdiction.
0	And shutting down tor sites that will just be up next week.
0	Not really without warning. It's all spelled out when you agree to your contract. They show you the discounts and when they expire. If you're not looking into it and asking questions that's just your own ignorance.
0	In other news air is clear.
0	Morality is the issue.
0	It was deleted, but the people were apparently broadcasting to the internet? Where is the valid expectation of privacy?
0	I know I might sound stupid but couldn't the owner have device brought I a little shed at the front of their driveway and then run an Ethernet alllll the way to their house with a router in their?
0	I would agree with your first statement (that you shouldn't be surprised). I would not say that you are responsible for it though in that situation (though you would have been happier if you had been smart about it). That's fully on the person who decided to take what isn't his/hers.
1	But then where would I be able to get my skimped dime bags?
0	"Seriously. When someone buys a webcam, they don't expect people to be able to stream their goddamn bedroom on the internet for anyone to stumble on and see. Nobody was ""asking for it."" What a fucked up perspective."
0	Flashblock keeps the video from loading without permission.
0	Deserved may be a harsh word, but it's certainly absurd for people to mess with things they know nothing about. If someone buys a gun who knows absolutely nothing about them shoots themselves in the foot cleaning it (protip: don't clean loaded guns) it wouldn't be outlandish to say they deserved it.
0	and fbi agents never run out of jobs
0	I'm set to move next month. Terrified at what home prices might look like in a year.
1	What is a BlackBerry?
1	If you already turn Siri off its possible you're not the target market.
0	"TL;DR; never use ""alternative"" app stores and u will be fine."
1	I trust this guy.
1	Which of course all the money the government gave them was invested in to.
1	Yeah!  Especially since we already paid for many of them!
0	Yerp.
1	Thank you low voter turnout, for electing, and reelecting the worst goddamn people in America to take over the Senate!
0	What can be done to keep these arrests from happening?
1	free-market capitalism is so beneficial to the consumer
0	"So use a ""business address"" you can change relatively easily."
0	Like such people don't have enough cognitive dissonance they wouldn't condemn us for taking advantage of the plight of children to further our political agenda.
0	One thing police officers are not interested in is ratting out their friends. That goes for higher ups in the local department also
0	...because guns are really helping with politics in your country
0	In the rest of the commonwealth they are generally appointed not elected.
0	So bring it on.  We got lawyers.  You got lawyers.  Let's have ourselves a great big god damn lawyer jamboree. It won't change the fact you bums are on your way out.
0	This is why we can't have nice things.
0	Lol.
0	Clearly, machines are already more original and hilarious than the brunt of humanity.
0	Nothing really. These are CNN commentators, not the brightest bunch when it comes to technology. That said, there's a bit of learning curve and getting used to in using Surface compared to Ipads.
1	This will change everything!
0	There were a lot of proxies like that way before it was used by Blackberry (squid...)
0	Says the cynical adult with a career to look back on
1	If I can't post it to instagram then what is the point?
0	Cool, then don't move to Russia, problem solved.
0	Por que no los dos??
0	So the dingo will only eat half my baby?
0	I can't go back to a non-SmoothVideo Project compatible player. I don't want to watch anything in less than 60fps
1	What a piece of crap. Proof that digital will never replace film.
0	It was in part, also Apple giving you unlimited guesses.
0	And a sticker over your tablet camera.
0	Oops my bad, that was a typo. Honest!
0	Yeah, but Jeopardy questions are open, not multiple-choice. The decision tree is several orders of magnitude smaller.
1	Add Rift support and I'm sold.
0	Even the Pirate Bay founders know unstoppable decentralized systems are the future.
0	fear mongering
0	It's like microsoft is a different company
1	Yeah but don't the climate deniers and the Koch brothers say that we can't afford it?
0	I'm wondering if diesel based backup generators (hotels, hospitals, large buildings) being replaced by solar/battery installations would be more cost effective?
1	A phablet compared to a small smartphone. Totally comparable
1	Yea really, like just like those hard drives failing within the first few months, does it really matter if they replace it afterwards?
0	For eueopeans: it's like driving from London to Istanbul
0	Indeed.  Lord knows its a pain in the ass to re-learn how to drive the ride-on in a straight line after being off work for 3 months or so and doing no driving.
0	People were **not** sitting on their phones.
0	my cable was out for like 8 hours yesterday... all my power was out because of weather, and the cable was out by default, so does that count?
1	Yes let's kill the battery more, because THAT is what should be sacrificed. Also, apparently the Oppo one also got rid of the headphone jack, which seems like a real good idea.
0	The iPhone is very different from other phones in this respect. I don't know of any other phones that require activation from the manufacturer.
1	Good idea!  I'll just go with one of the other many choices in my area.
0	From what reddit has taught me about the American internet monopoly, this means that like all of the USA has no internet right?
0	It's down for me, because I fucking got rid of them. I suggest you do the same, even if it means a slower connection. Fuck them.
1	Sure, that will have an impact on internet piracy!
0	Same, in Nashville and working
0	And I shall continue pirating everything.
0	I'll just wait until streaming gets better.  Cutting out sports isn't the only solution here.
0	Huh. Those are my initials.
0	Shaking in their boots im sure... pick a better title.
0	They do.
0	And how exactly would we stop the lobbyists?
0	The authorities may also block cellphones to block remote detonation of bombs.
1	Just download more ram and you'll be fine
0	No need to worry about applications either ^^because ^^there ^^aren't ^^any!
0	"Mobile Towers are called ""COWS"" (cell on wheels). What you'll actually find it that carriers are deploying small cell options and wifi in dense public areas, rather than rely on the limited spectrum. It ends up being significantly more effective than using a macro-cell."
0	"most things you ask siri, he comes back with ""im sorry haamfish, i cant do that in new zealand"""
0	They did it so you couldn't film the performance live. Which is stupid because this just pushes people to use mesh nets even more.
0	"Why don't you actually go through a civil war and tell me how you feel afterwards. The ""problems"" you think NA suffers from won't be solved simply by people electing the ""right"" people and so on and so forth. It requires a complete redefinition of the entire nation from the ground up. The only way anything like that is going to occur is a civil war."
1	Don't worry, Kim Dotcom made sure the services wouldn't get hacked again. All hail #Mega.
0	Mine goes up to 11.
0	Shove enough cacti up enough asses and you can move the world.
0	I have time warner
1	You should feel thankful they are only charging you a fraction!
0	Github Gists is blocked (Vodafone 2G, Mumbai).
0	Don't get swindled, get your own modem and router. Much higher quality and you are in control of it.
0	They go through law school to learn the very intimate intricacies of the system so that they don't have to go looking up things all the time. This, however, is a relatively basic problem that wouldn't require a law school education to understand.
0	Many seem to think cranking the rental up by 25 percent is OK as long as you get notification.  Did modems just double in price? Nope, they are actually dropping. So why crank it up an enormous 25 percent? Because they can. They are gouging the customers . too bad there isn't competition. They are swallowing up Time Warner, to provide you with better service and quality. What other reason could there be?
1	Ah, so this is the extra price I pay for net neutrality! Now it makes sense!
0	United is a terrible company. I have to travel tons for work and they have given me and people I work with so much trouble. Late flights, randomly cancelled or rescheduled flights (without letting customers know), rude flight attendants, dirty planes. Seriously, Fuck this company for all these reasons....and now this one too. Bastards.
0	This would hold federally.  U.S. Federal courts don't uphold absurd legal positions.  (unless you have a Republican majority.....)
0	If you look closely, the leg from BWI-ATL is the same flight for the first two options. So still 7:45a-9:50a.
0	The sickening part is that it was just over a year old and a refurb from Apple as a replacement for a 4 month old one with the power switch fault. Unfortunately because he'd broken the back and its a 200 mile round trip to the nearest Apple store, it was cheaper to replace than get Apple to sort it.
0	On the other hand, it's rare enough that it's worth the difference in price, in terms of expectancy.
0	exactly this. i feel like the whole thing was a huge publicity stunt, so i dont want to spend money on it jsut to stick it to north korea.
1	No! You can't take something if you wouldn't have been willing to pay for it otherwise!
0	So copyright trolling comes to Canada?
0	It would be cool if MS in addition to W10 brings also SpartanBook to compete with Crhombooks.
1	Saying we cant broadcast it all around the world at the same time? Preposterous!
0	Micro$oft shills downvoting any negative comments about IE. GG
0	Car Dealerships usually let you test drive the product you're buying. Gone are the days of game demos. It's $60 or nothing. No demos. No returns.
0	That sucks. I would have tried another browser and updated flash.
0	I don't believe you. Not on a computer, you can't. I tried it.
1	Well, the canisters of film have to go by railway out of Hollywood to the  steamships in NYC before crossing the Atlantic, unloading in Liverpool and getting trollied around to the theatres in Britain.  That takes some time man, and that's just for the UK release!
0	And I'm telling your stupid ass that it wasn't Google or more importantly Sony's fault. It was either his ISP or his own.
0	Lending is a feature woefully lacking from many digital stores.
1	So they could have made a good 30 million off this? Thanks pirates, you guys rock and you help further ourselves in Internet streaming!
0	Definitely offense, he's a shithead.
0	If studios don't start selling online, they will become irrelevant and go bankrupt. This isn't speculation, this is obvious fact. Piracy will happen regardless, using it as a reason to prevent progress shows what dinosaurs some movie execs really are. But that's ok, they'll go extinct soon when independent movie producers release their movies online and start making a killing.
0	They already drive 65MPH on California freeways.
0	Hmm, what about a parachute that could save enough fuel that it would be beneficial to use it? Meaning, it parachutes down far enough that it then jettisons it and the engine takes back over? The rocket is already slowed so it isn't fighting the velocity it would have been earlier in the descent (thus saving all that fuel it would have used to do so)?
0	"More like freemium mobile games. Just barely fun/tolerable, can pay to make it ""fun"" or more tolerable."
1	I suppose I could've flown to my parents house for Christmas in September.
0	Soylent Facebook is people!
0	Hint: You can already do that.
0	I can't remember. I learned about them in a software engineering course in the what-not-to-do section.
0	Humans do very poorly in snow storms as well.   The general advice is to not go out unless you have to.
0	The pedestrian.
0	You do not rely on any background tech that uses machine vision for safety. Period.
0	Surely the sensors can have heating systems and hydrophobic coating to create immunity for these problems.
0	Dishwasher safe?
0	Crotchety geezer telling kids to get off his lawn. Everyone always thinks the new generation is worse than their own generation. Yes, some things are just not meant to be repaired nowadays. But with the economy hitting youngsters particularly hard and the availability of youtube to find how-to videos, many more youngsters today are fixing their own stuff than previously to save money. Gone are the days calling a vacuum repair man. Now, you either look up a video and do it yourself or you replace it.
0	At about 3:50
1	Are you saying that there really was concentration camps in Germany and you believe the Jewish lies.
0	"""Everyone""?  Well, clearly not."
0	Or maybe you should make your sentences less ambiguous.
0	And what will happen when the average white person becomes just as uneducated and unskilled as third world people? Would skin color prevail? Would the powerful whites spare the average whites? Or would the average whites get cut down like the average blacks? Is that why education has been shit lately? To prepare for this scenario?
1	I know, I'm so racist it hurts all the races.
0	To follow up on this, lately reports keep mentioning the state of famine in North Korea. While it's probably true that the population is still malnourished, it is definitely better than it used to be. Mortality as a result of starvation has declined. The worst of it was between 1993-2000.
1	I'll just put my phone in wifi tether mode, attach it to my house's TV aerial, and wave it in their direction! That'll work right?
0	....5 of their unreleased movies got leaked as well as a bunch of e-mails as part of the hack.
0	I dunno, I would figure AT&amp;T would love to do business in NK.
0	It'd be nice to be able to blame something other than myself for my failure at life.
0	They think it's primitive.
0	Well, he essentially just described Star Trek's universe circa TNG.
0	In reality, nobody would actually just sit on their ass and do nothing. Everyone is inclined to do something, and society as a whole should change to encourage activity and pursuit of one's passions. Basic Income, if and when it does happen, will likely just cover the minimal cost of living, but people would want to get more in life so would want to work for more money anyway.
0	They all just want attention.
0	I think the downvotes are because your link does not work.
1	Thanks. I always thought that Space X was just Elon Musk in his garage.
0	Holy shit that was the fastest loading stream I have ever seen.
0	"More like ""How Kim Dotcom knuckled under and rewarded the little pissant mini-terrorists""."
0	This is what regulators being in the pocket of the regulated leads to.
0	Why would any free market ever leave capture of government off the table?
0	Helium balloons to offset some of the weight?
0	Isn't that how stake outs and wire-tapping works?
0	I actually really like my job. But I do sympathize with you.
0	wow there is a app for everything nowadays
0	What are your credentials for questioning how much Snowden knows about the subject?
1	You mean it was a PR stunt?  You don't say.
1	but we need to pass CISPA and SOPA to prevent this!!!
0	"This is actually one of their defenses.  IANAL, and I only browsed the ruling, but the wire tap laws are based on something about intercepting during transmission, not after storage.  It is brought up in the ruling.  So, they may be able to legitimately say ""we scan messages after they are sent"" and be okay.  However, I don't know, IANAL, and that may be illegal as well."
0	He just sounds like he's trying to stay relevant with things like this completely irrelevant to him.
0	I have news for you. So did TWC. They're fucking awful, and have always been.
1	Yeah, that's the reason not to have driver-less cars.  Next you'll tell me that without any need of owning a car it would mean less people getting parking tickets too......whuuuuuuuaaaaaaaaat????
0	Absolutely. In assuming NK hacked Sony (and additionally that the US followed up with a hack against NK), it changes the entire dialogue of the situation.
0	Expect a check for $10 to come in the mail in the next 180 days. It will take 30 days to deposit to your bank and the fee will be $15. You're welcome.
0	Oh dear god. What reason was there *not* to explain that.
0	Meh, I guess you can make that argument. You could argue that the sandboxes *should* be infinitely small, but then they'd also be infinitely numerous and incredibly redundant (since APIs couldn't cross-reference non-accessible APIs)
0	I'm going to my grandparents house later today, wish me luck!
0	Then why are you here?
0	They're still around.
0	It's not like journalists are posting social security numbers. It is not illegal for journalists to look at leaked information, whether stolen or not, and when there are details of Sony working to destroy Google, it is reason enough to investigate.
0	Lets be honest. I highly doubt they ever planned on *not* showing it.
0	Twitch Plays Government
0	Holy shit I just thought my setup was defective in some way. You know what causes that?
1	Thanks Sony! My butthole wasn't already loose from the cable providers, you'll slip right in!
1	The CIA can recover all your deleted files from your HD, but to do it on another government agencies computers would be unethical.
1	But Uber is better than regular taxi service!
0	Until someone steals the controller.
1	Don't worry though, Obama (the guy that appointed him) is totally for net neutrality!
0	Chinese you say?
0	"You can't ever own a game, which is retarded. Playstation had something good but they killed it with this ""renting"" bullshit."
0	I'd report them to your local public health authority.  Low water pressure could lead to contamination of the water supply.
1	I love the stock art of a cyber criminal tearing a hole in a transparent PCB to steal your bits, presumably wearing balaclava and gloves to hide their identity from cyber-CCTV
0	Can someone who is in networking explain how this is done? I never knew (before months ago after reading about Marriott doing this) that equipment was sold with this ability.
1	But uber is evil and stealing money from poor, inncocent, legal taxi companies! Think of the children!
0	Let me get this straight. We're supposed to whine about *improvements* to internet service? I have a few complaints about Time Warner and that's not likely to be one of them. By expanding service in the area they're making it easier to further expand the service to adjacent unserved areas, even if they're doing it for greed instead of the overall public interest.
1	"Haha well played corporate lobbyist ! Make your kind sound like men that are ""just doing their job"". Unfortunately there isnt any easy way to take your money and do the opposite"
0	Just out of complete curiosity, how can you tip people if they don't have a bc wallet set up already? Or can you only tip people that have one?
0	Even if you could, good luck with a motherboard that has a 10Gbps port, and don't even dream of 10Gbps wifi.
0	Sony - closing the barn door after the metaphor has been lost
0	That is how it starts. Traveling cross country used to be a nightmare too. If we waited to make sure every person on earth was out of poverty and happy before investing in long distance travel solutions, we would still be sitting in africa.
0	that's actually the first thing that came to mind, sadly
0	Yeah, nothing will help your toddler develop more than shoving a screen in her face. Addict them while they're young!
0	The real problem would be them having passed down their stubborn values to their kids. Can you wait a few centuries for one of their successors to slip and grow a brain?
1	If there is one thing that can be said about the internet it would be that it never lies. Here's an article about a guy who claims that the US shot down a missing airline between Malaysia and Beijing. I'll choose to believe it because I have absolutely no standards for intelligence and believe whatever sensationalized/made-up story appeals to me, especially if it demonizes power or authority. If this story had the support of social media then I would even consider making my own long post about how bad the US is.
0	A terrorist attack paid for my Saudi Arabia?
0	"Please tell me you're not comparing slavery to ""things only someone with a vagina has any real authority to speak about""?"
0	I said largely.
0	At what depth do you have to dig to avoid cosmic radiation?
0	It's okay though. None of them are raping *all* the children. They just agree to rape their own bunch of kids and not touch each others'. - FCC
0	I'd guess so, by now.  He's been doing it for a while.  Not sure what his experience was prior.
0	"I take it it doesn't work on those ""free"" networks that make you sign in before you use it? Too bad they have a shitty network though."
1	It's kindof like when a girl wears really sluttly clothes, then gets raped. I mean, it's her own fault, right?
0	Because if you spend a year (for example) raising a quarter million to buy your congressman back, the industry you're taking him from can easily, with just a phone call, make it half a million. You can't compete with the oligarchs.
0	The PS2s went through several different revisions in its first generation due to issues for failure, particularly with the optical drive.
1	Oh I'm sure the FCC will jump right on that.
0	Best I've gotten is moderate NAT by fowarding a couple of ports.
0	No, they are. Their unit 121 group is known to recruit the best and brightest to do information warfare, as that kind of approach is asymmetric and countries haven't really faced much in the way of real retaliation for it.
1	Why would anyone want to build infrastructure when the state-affiliated Rostelecom offers servers and bandwidth for all your user data storage needs?
0	You can lead an idiot to water but you can't make him potatoes.
0	Why would we need any of those things ? I don't have a facebook account and never had one, what exactly am I missing ?
0	That's funny. I have the opposite problem in my town. They put in a roundabout near my house. People stop and refuse to enter even if the next car is a quarter mile away.
0	That's probably true, but it doesn't detract much from the point, since it's to be assumed that the importance of local culture is taken into account when city-planning.
0	It probably is to a certain degree. Certainly a lot less cars on the road (excepting probably major cities).
0	guys, i think we can trust the president of north korea
0	Wouldn't it just be easier to make a laser sniper rifle?
0	"""But...but we bought Oculus..."""
0	You have no idea how the world works, do you? North Korea has been using cyber warfare against south Korea with varying effectiveness for years. They have a small division of soldiers trained in both China and Russia specifically for cyber warfare.
0	Wow, I'm sure the FBI didn't think of that. Why don't you call them and tell them to remember that.
0	Well, that's good, but I haven't.
0	My VPN has a couple of South Korea servers....  Maybe I should hack Sony so they can blame both Korea's.
1	You're a fool to think that a basic utility in north Korea would have outages or be inconsistent.
0	Because out of country VPNs/VIMs don't exist.
0	Interesting
0	That first one is talking about city and state ISP's and the other is exactly what I'm talking about in that Century Link would have a lot more support trying to push in if they can prove that they are likely to get the subscriber base when they move in. Especially if those on the fringe of Verizon's service area or those who just only needed broadband for streaming start either canceling or reducing their service.
0	Then netflix block verizon user. Verizon lose customer. Verizon lose.
1	Wow. MPAA doubles down and calls Google child trafficekers, drug dealers, and intellectual property thieves. I really, really hope this goes to court, just so the MPAA has to shut the fuck up already. Aren't processes like these supposed to be transparent anyway? Specifically with regards to where our senators or congressmen are getting the verbage, nay, the actual document that gets put forth for a law? Can SOMEONE sue already?
1	Yes we shouldn't rely on democracy.   The market will solve everything.   We'll have to hope those guys in that company can battle that other group of companies we don't like...we wouldn't want to have to call our representatives or organize politically or anything.
0	We have but others haven't which is why they're making great profits and can afford to spend millions on smear campaigns.
0	Apple of course knows nothing about it. They never know about what happens to workers, because they do not want to know.
0	Apple does lot for their suppliers. They have a very rigid code of conduct and post very detailed audits and statistics every year. You can read about it on their site
0	How do you always end up in jail? Why is bail only $50 and unconditionally get you out?
0	Blame the idiot populace constantly clamoring for government intervention as well.  Look at this Sony hacking issue.  Lots of people want the government to defend Sony's interests.  It should be up to a business alone to secure its own information from outside threats.  If Sony can't secure their computer systems then tough shit for them.  Why the hell should taxpayers dollars help to bail them out of their own incompetence?
0	They also used flash running on peoples machines to get their location information that wouldn't have normally been available over TOR. It is the old adage that you are only as secure as your weakest point.
0	I'm no expert, but it seems to me if you want to catch downloaders, the simplest way to do it would be to just seed your own malware-infected content.  If you want to stop uploaders, it is a trickier proposition.  But if you poison the well with infected files, fewer people will use the system, and there will be fewer nodes to hide behind.
0	My favorite part is where the United States Justice Department runs around trying to enforce a for-profit corporation's business model. Forget about Wall Street and the economic collapse, how can we make sure movie studios aren't losing money?
0	Drop streaming to help the cost.
1	Let riot!
0	The number one reason I refuse to use my ISP's DNS is because if you try to load an invalid URL, instead of giving me the DNS error, it'd load up their fucking custom page with fucking ads.
0	Or at least they won't until Amazon or someone else starts taking their market share after adding the feature.
0	Because of the lousy ROI.
0	Everywhere has WiFi nowadays. Sure there's the rare times I go on a plane, where the Gogo wifi is too slow to use netflix even if I wanted to pay for it (I've tried with my free chromebook gogo wifi passes). But I have literally remote desktopped into my PC 15 minutes before getting on a plane, torrented a movie, and used plex to transcode it into a file to download onto my tablet... It took like 2 minutes of my time, but how often do I do that? Not very often. Anyplace I would be able to download a netflix movie offline I can also do this, and it's not that much harder considering I only download a movie for offline viewing maybe once per year.
1	But conflict of interest is how to make money! How do you expect poor and helpless corporation execs to make a living? By being fair?
0	airplanes are starting to get wifi on morer and more flights, so there's that.
0	"Eh. When they put up the HBO content they were pretty clear on what was and wasn't available. It doesn't make sense for HBO to cripple their own service by giving away everything they've got to Amazon members. I'd hardly call anything that contains all the episodes of Deadwood, The Wire, Sopranos, and Band of Brothers ""BS"" though."
0	but its not nearly as convenient
0	"I'm making a point to the user who tried to compare DVDs to offline availability... not ""ridiculing obsolete tech"".  I happily rent DVDs (from a local rental store) but they don't help me watch things when I'm traveling."
1	Yeah and Amazon Prime has ***SUCH*** a great library to choose from.
0	Annoying as that *was*, they changed it. Xbox Live Gold is now only required for online gaming, as it should have been from the start.
1	Well that makes sense.
0	I wonder who the Ed Bernays of the internet is? People being treated like sub-human dolts and thanking these websites for it just depresses me.
0	eh, it's just a glitch
1	Yeah but if you say something, it Automatically becomes true
0	And they can just as easily discard all comments originated from reddit.
1	No I must take offense to every argument and shoot it down by any means necessary!
0	Here's, the issue. Without some basic level if government regulation super corporations can become some powerful as to actually be like pseudo governments, except without any actual accountability to the people. Unless we have some basic level of regulation of the Internet companies like comcast will simply fill the void, and they will do whatever is best for their bottom lines.
0	I doubt Wheeler would take that into account unfortunately.  -_-
0	I wonder how GOP gained control...rootkit?
1	At least they used a fullstop though
0	The day the music died.
1	Its for hackers. You didn't know that?
0	Exactly. You think these companies don't know why they're losing customers? They simply don't care. They own the internet. To access the internet you need to go through them. They are set.
0	Microsoft are also doing xbox music. I don't know what their selection is like but it doesn't require an xbox
1	Nobody could have seen this coming
0	If your company's business model is based on breaking the law then you're going to be paying fines.
1	Shocking
0	Fuck me, what is *wrong* with some of you people.
0	A steady 10 Mbps connection should play Youtube in 1080p no problem.
1	Why would I pirate when I could conveniently buy a blue ray for $30, six months after the movie is in theaters?
0	Yeah, I was going to attempt that but some people I talk to are tech-illiterate and this would be too much for them to handle, even though it is not a big change.  I also noticed the $10 for 100 more minute, but I think I did that math on my usage at that time (just added up everything) and I was hovering around 300 minutes.
0	Yeah, they took our money and still did jack shit without requirements on the speed.
1	I hope you have an aluminum foil helmet too - to block their ability to read your thoughts - and use mind control!!!!
0	It's amazing this doesn't happen more often when you consider the size of their install base.
1	What are you afraid of if you have nothing to hide?
0	Thank God they had a time machine and could figure this out before it actually happened.
0	Uh who the hell pays for music?
0	Because the album is a one time purchase that last forever?
0	Exactly, so we're not currently in any formal war.
1	Everyone is a highly skilled, better than average driver.  No exceptions.  The millions of deaths and injuries are just a temporary anomaly in the stats.  Put the hammer down.
1	I'm sure these work just as well as all of those self guided smart bombs that take out the target without killing civilians
0	Sorry, that has been deemed to be reasonable suspicion and cause to be pulled over.
0	I GIVE UP ON LIFE! I AM OUT! PEACE OUT!
0	Basically a mini missile with no bomb, doesn't sound to complicated ?
0	So you know absolutely fuck all and decided to argue as though you actually knew something?
1	Billions. It's a secret industry.
0	That would work too.
0	I imagine that's the scenario that would come about should FCC get their hands on the Internet.
0	That's 1.5 mins too much for some people.
0	And I kill my own venison. Is this going to turn into a contest of manliness or something?
0	I wonder when Keurig will try to sue them.
0	That's why I bought a Tassimo.
1	It's got that icky filter with used grounds in it! Gross!
0	I didn't argue that it was a lost sale.  Read my comment again, slowly this time.
0	Thank you for not ripping folks off. I send mine to $300 hard drive recovery folks in Studio City and they do great but I wonder how hard it really is to recover data on most drives. I can do the typical usb converter and run recuva or something similar but if they're clicking or making any noise I immediately throw in the towel and send it off.
0	You're right, it would be a mistake to ignore that. Therefore the UX design would need to be very careful and deliberate, not just a big red warning sign. But this is not beyond the capabilities of a good UX designer
0	Can we praise google for being the odd one out next to all these super giant reptilian companies who want to censor our internet? I want to show support for google and commend them for sticking up for us. Fuck all those other companies.
0	Actually that is capitalism. The idea of that economic theory is to be in constant struggle with the rest of the market. By killing you, it solidifies them in the market.
0	Perhaps it is time that the movie industry cuts ties with these people.
0	Personally, I'm shocked. **Shocked!**
0	No direct connect?
0	Don't bother, I live in Utah and our reps want us on lockdown.  Just kidding, give it your best.  The worst that happens is you get a letter back on official letterhead that you  can show to your friends.  F U Chris Stewart!
1	Must have made a GUI to trace their ip!
0	Hnng I still use that from time to time.
0	I have mixed feelings about this. Mostly just good ones though.
0	Actually even the citizens didn't want to see him impeached that would be the other politicians. Citizens had no say in that sham of an impeachment.
0	This delusional utopia view that there ever could be a benevolent politician is just that a delusion. Its not capitalism its statism that is the problem. The idea that you can control other people's thoughts and actions is a delusion.
0	"You're thinking of savvy old people. The kinds on newspaper posts are the types of old people whose screen name, email address, and password are all their name, in uppercase. The folks who spawned ""flashing 12:00 on the VCR"" jokes in the '80s and '90s."
0	But then they can't complain about it.
1	Facebook is actually on the verge of being bought by reddit. Everything will have up and down arrows instead of like and dislike!
0	Why? Because fb is dying like myspace?
1	I propose assassinations and rioting
0	Hey! That's not something Deadpool would say! You're a big, fat phony!
1	and has daddy (or mommy, name is john, but no judgment here) issues
0	Unfortunately you can't trust the American media for that
0	And they want to change the laws.
0	"Because the ""article"" never explains why it's so scary, it simply asserts it. Too short, no real details."
0	This is what Tor is for.
1	I wonder where they got that idea?
1	Things which cost me money scare me.  I am experiencing terror.  Make it stop.
0	So, we need an alternative network to the internet that is completely wireless and free from censorship. Any ideas?
1	Yeah, more government agencies is what we need
0	Havelock Vetinari
1	Because America has a tradition of oppressing our individual rights as much as the British.
0	By true you mean idealistic, in the real world, all governments are tools of the elites and well connected.
1	WOO! Advocating violence is so fun. Does any one else have a little bit of a cubby right now?
1	Do you know how much money the MPAA loses every second to internet piracy?  No cost is too insane for them to pay to make it stop.
1	Welk, as far as I can tell reading the internet, they're experts in crippling the internet. Only logical he was invited
0	Wikipedia is like this because anyone may edit it and people are like this.  It is not the best system but it may be the best for this situation for this price point.
1	Ya, fuck the poor. I want my cheap Netflix whatever the collateral damage.
0	I have found that creators very often dislike their own work and are their harshest critic.
0	I know, the other 19 people who replied before you informed me of that. Thanks for the info.
0	I liked it; easy to navigate, easy to find most seeded, top 100. My only complaint was the search, if you misspelled a film by a letter nothing would show.
0	Nice try, NSA. (CIA? FBI? DEA? NBA? One of those)
0	Torrenting isn't possible without trackers.
0	I'd rather not get Stingray'd, TYVM.
0	A British version of douce bag.
0	yeah, i personally hate the crowd that ALWAYS torrents, and almost never buys it. Im all for downloading a few albums because i'll be damned if im paying 20 dollars for one bonus track and the other three or four songs on it that arent shit, or a college textbook, but pay for your goddamn stuff.
1	I know the first thing **I** want to do if I get pulled over is hand my phone to a cop
0	Plus it has much better performance.
0	I'd say it's better than 90% of the world.
0	Maybe in some situations. But going from -5 to +5 so quickly is pretty wild.
0	If they can't even get their printers to work why should I trust HP to create a stable OS?
0	So... Just like the current Internet?
0	I would like 2 please
0	I have had zero issues with subtitles in VLC. Well, other than the font catching, but that's needed for the styled subs.
1	B-but YIFY is da best.
0	No its not, it is encouraging being distracted during an activity where you need to be fucking paying attention.
1	This is the end of piracy as we know it!
0	Well met!
0	And Cox, Charter, and a few others.  I think Frontier is smaller than Cox.
0	Because if we're being honest, people pirate things so they don't have to pay for them. We're not talking about academic or otherwise free content here in any serious amount. You can debate all day about whether people deserve to be paid for X or Y, but surely you can understand why some people might think that it's not inherently good to bypass paying for other people's work.
1	Stop being so greedy already.  You clearly don't need the internet fo essentials such as applying for a job or paying bills online.  Go to your local library like most sane adults and vote with your wallet.
1	It's funny because that could be the solution to this AdBlock Plus problem.
1	Well good to know that two factor authentication is no longer best practice.
0	And new people and a lot of people that HAVE to use it.
0	It won't play some old avi files I recorded with my All-in-Wonder Rage 128 15 years ago...
0	I'd argue that you shouldn't trust *ANY* open network. Which is why Comcast shouldn't provide any. They should implement *secure* networks with encryption.
0	I use mint, which pretty much draws from the same software repos as other Debian derivatives like Ubuntu. Network and video card drivers are greatly improved in recent years. Stuff like wireless printers and obscure custom gaming mice with 16 buttons still need work IMO but the essential out of the box functionality is there now.
1	A firewall causes illegal restraint.  It's like kidnapping.
0	I hate ads so much that I don't want content that I have to watch ads for. As long as your industry is still alive, and I get content without ads thanks to adblock, it's great. If your industry dies because of adblock, I will look for something else to do. So no, not even your sob story will make me feel bad for using adblock.
0	It's newish.  They used to do it every once in a while like a PBS donation marathon, but it's been there for a while now recently.
0	Except they can now easily profile you as a 20 y.o. white male with interests in technology, privacy rights, Snowden, and an intense dislike of Comcast.
0	There are two variants for Adblock+ on chrome store. Get the other one. The one you have sucks - I had it for awhile before some pointed it out.
1	Excuse me, can you back that ridiculous claim up with a random source from the internet that may or may not be total bull?
1	Yeah, because the US is the only corrupt country.
0	I saved this thread just for this comment because I'm at work and want to install it later. Thanks for the recommendation.
0	Once I got a Spotify membership I pretty much quit going on Youtube completely
0	I was merely trying to say that infrastructure in those areas would be underground, since there is no above land infrastructure. So doing anything in those areas would be much more difficult and costly. Not a technical problem, but a monetary one.
0	So their speeds went up after Netflix cut out the middle man and went directly to ISP? That usually happens when cut out the middle man.
0	Also, any idea on expandable RAM or replaceable HDD?
0	Sooooo where can I find out if my newly elected rep took this money?
1	yep, we believe them !
0	I assume the ad is still transmitted to you and is simply being blocked locally. I'm not too sure how it works on the data side of things when it comes to adblock.
0	So racial equality is some kind of joke to you?
1	"But the ""Ph"" is for philosophy!"
1	Don't worry, the free market will fix this.
0	The same argument could be applied to someone who robs a store because he left his wallet at home.
1	Yea because people can choose their ISP and would just leave Comcast/TWC/Charter.
0	"The argument is because ""for science and exploration"" doesn't resonate as much as ""to save humanity"" with all the uneducated idiots out there."
1	Yeah!  So we can ruin more planets than just our own!
0	"Actually I formed an opinion on the issue after reading up on it and understanding the pros and cons involved while you're blindly deferring to authority (""how dare you question madam chancellor?""). And it still seems you're trolling. Or maybe you're just that bad at expressing yourself."
0	Yeah. Keep them on for youtube unless you're on someone's channel that you want to support, I guess.
1	As an original content producer, thanks for that.
0	you do remember popups, right?  That they got so bad to the point that popup blockers became standard in web browsers?  Advertisers and sites said it was the end of the internet then too, but here we are, with the popup2.0, and people already starting to block them.
1	Money well spent!
1	The red cross gets billions in donations every year - yet they are constantly 'begging' for more. Scandal!
0	I've spent a lot of time wondering what the Great Filter could be.
1	Well. That's a shock.
0	....for our pockets.
0	Wait, using these batteries would it be possible to, say, buy electricity cheap in the middle of the night and sell it back to the grid during peak hours when it is more expensive, to make a profit?
0	Where was the server? In someone's bedroom?
1	"Censorship ""for the kids"" being used take away rights?  Certainly this can't be what is really happening."
0	Thanks Obama!
1	I'm shocked!!!!
1	If you'd remember that rape, child molestation, and bullying didn't exist until the internet was created, then you'd understand this law.
0	"And under this system there's no need to worry about that pesky little legal ""unable to map an IP address to a person"" issue...ahem."
0	This isn't news, nor a technology. That's just a rant.
1	This is one app that won't get misused.
1	Yes, *clearly* Engadget are posting it out of the goodness of their hearts to help people, not because it's stale but reliable clickbait!
1	Ouch!!   That is shockingly bad, my condolences.   Maybe you should move to a major metropolitan area
0	I'm with t-mobile and pay $110, and I get unlimited everything, no caps or throttling. There is a cap on tethering, but that can be bypassed with basic knowledge. So I have internet everywhere at all times 4g lte. The tethering is kick-ass, too. You can play league on it, if you get the right phone set up, so you have no tethering caps. Still, this is expensive as fuck compared to a normal country like japan. But it works like it should.
1	But its the IT teams fault for not being understood
1	We already work at staples. The coolest club on the planet
0	it will output 1080p just fine. it actually does have an hdmi port even. microhdmi though.
0	Yeah, because the banks are not doing well enough with all the fees, shady practices, and government bailouts.
0	I hope this encourages retailers to use payment systems that are not integrated into the POS, at least not in such a way that the card info is ever read/transmitted in the clear.
1	I'm glad New York is finding use for the ludicrous taxes it collects
0	Oh sweet, this should work out just as well as those private courts and warrant requirements.
1	But... banks are the most evil creatures ever and under no circumstance are they ever in the right.
0	No mention in the article that most of these aren't really as idle as you think because they are often recording shows all day. Having a box sleep is only good if it can still record in low power mode.
0	It is somewhat your problem since you continue to patronize them with your business despite these immoral practices. Pay $150, get out of the contract and go to someone better.
0	*the dream of the 90's is still alive*
0	For gross pre-ground coffee in ridiculously small servings, yes.
1	But 30 is more cinematic!
0	How? Every song you put on the ipod will be on the computer you sync it with. So you delete and restore the ipod, all of the music is loaded back onto the ipod.
1	Yeah your right. The American public should just shut up and take it. There is nothing anyone living here can do. No American living being can do anything about government policy. People don't work in government. Might as well not even try. Give up!
1	Yeah your right. The American public should just shut up and take it. There is nothing anyone living here can do. No American living being can do anything about government policy. People don't work in government. Might as well not even try. Give up!
0	Interesting. I would love to come back, but I left without notice to Bovril. Not sure if they care or not, but eh. EVE is a fantastic game, but I'm on a time constraint at the moment.
0	Go spam somewhere else.
1	Honestly though, 6mbps is really great service.
0	Even after we made that whole movie about how it's a terrible idea?
1	STOP RESISTING, STOP RESISTING! WHY WON'T YOU LET US HELP YOU?
0	Large hacks are very rarely undertaken by individuals with limited resources noob.
1	Of course you know, faster connections will only hurt the minority sectors
0	"It will definitely wipe your phone completely. So will installing a stock Google factory release of Android, you're ""formatting"" the phone and installing the entire operating system from scratch."
0	I just included a link to a gentleman who had the same issue and filed a complain with the FCC. Their original rulling is located in a zip file which you can download and view for yourself.
0	"I hate to break it to you, Darth Vader never said ""*Luke*, I am your Father"""
0	Having said that, and I agree with you - keep in mind it's not just footage that got leaked. 100TB of footage probably ain't that much, but there's a lot of other types of data in there that could be extremely damaging outside of Sony - SSNs, pay rates, unreleased scripts...a file with each would probably only be a few megabytes in size *at most*.
0	Yeeeaaaahhh...I'm'a say that it was an insider.
0	Someone call?
0	Wouldn't say Apple would be much different, but even at that, it's not like the government would give a shit about 10% of all computers.  Microsoft is probably doing what they were ordered to do... To which I would blame the government for creating laws that give them absolute power over businesses inside the US.
1	If theyre not paying employees they must be making money!duh
0	not that you should
0	"haha. that's called ""backfire""."
0	max signed 32 bit integer if we want to be a bit more of a PITA about it
1	and I'm sure everyone at Sony is worried about the SSN
0	2 Spidermans + 2 vans = Spidermen with Ven
1	should have known M$ was behind this
1	IF you're a white male and successful you are literally worse than Hitler.
0	You've combed through the entire unreleased 100TB of data, and found no customer info?! Thanks for your hard work! Pheww!
0	It's small because only a small amount of people are aware of this bullshit. It's not like everyone else loves being screwed.
0	its evolved in the US. ck the army transition, during the last decade, from heavy division sets to brigade combat teams
0	Well..thanks to you I just wasted 30 minutes of my life cutting down my fizzbuzz solution into 3 lines (in java).
0	Yes. The three biggest failures I see are inability to complete a simple fizzbuzz style test, failure to communicate a complex topic adequately, and dead silence in the face of uncertainty.
0	I put it under billing.
0	Maybe it just doesn't want competition?
0	He's complaining that Netflix is using their own money to better support their service to their customers because the ISPs are dropping the ball.  Or more simply put he's basically arguing with himself.
0	Eh its their decision to suck dirty blood
0	Reasonable is good, reasonable and balanced and well debated should be the objective in politics,
0	Must be true? No. Interesting, newsworthy and deserving of thinking about and discussing? Yes.
0	I think i'm the only person who doesn't think that artificial intelligence won't achieve greater feats than mankind, specifically because there is no economic incentive for the commercial use of sapient artificial intelligences.
1	Luckily, the robots will use their super intelligence to clean up the earth and stop global warming.
0	Giving these little kids attention is exactly what they want. Just ignore them until they get bored or arrested.
0	EY doesn't have the technical expertise to make this judgement.
0	Y'all need to read Neuromancer
1	Definitely can't be convinced to give secure ratings by bribery or blackmail!
0	This is good and all, but will the police be able to control whether they are on?  Whether they get deleted?  If so, it's useless.  Unless this is adopted with (a) third-party control on those two things or (b) a rebuttable presumption that the police officer is lying/wrong about a subject when there is no footage, this will do nothing.
0	Shouldn't the page only need access to the audio part or are they tied together?
0	Look everyone another stupid fucking list.
1	Well they couldn't just include the relevant frames involved in that case could they? That would be outrageous.
0	just another reason I'm trying to get my CCNA and CCIP as fast as possible and move to colorado.
0	Those 50k surely won't be used 24/7 either though.
1	Yeah, but the free market will fix everything.
0	well, that's an obvious load of bullshit
0	*[nipple rubbing intensifies]*
1	It's all that big gummit regulation that's holding back the free market
1	b-b-but cuuuurrrrved
0	That sounds nice but it's not happening a lot now. I'm not sure you can rely on that happening much.
0	The FCC already knows full well we don't want net neutrality.  Here's the thing, Tom Wheeler is a Comcast lobbyist, he doesn't care what we want.  He only cares about what the people who pay him the big bucks want.
1	Yeah, I mean, if you have nothing to hide, what are you so worried about?
0	You won't need a PPL for hobbyist aircraft, only commercial operators will require a PPL. A PPL is actually a relatively low barrier to entry compared to the barriers of other professions.
1	Yes. The unelected federal executives care about your opinion. We should send them a strongly worded letter with a bunch of signatures on it. That will change things.
0	Yep... Ad hominem attacks, the last refuge of people who have no logical answers.
0	I like YIFY but I wish they would put out better BD rips. Like even another version that isn't compressed to hell. Those dark scenes sure have a lot of atifacting going on. Their BD rips don't come close to actual bluray quality.
0	Sort by size. I never see YIFY anymore. Then again I'm also usually looking for 7 channel DTS-HDMA audio and 1080p video so I'm also looking in the 8-20GB range depending on the length of the movie.
0	This kills the worker.
0	Yify is the shit. Wish I could send him some donations to Estonia, or wherever he's from.
1	How can we have global warming if it's so cold?
0	Move data to new servers, apply new domain. Done.
0	AOL was involved. Enough said?
0	I guess that reality TV trash gets them more ratings then the music videos used to.
1	"i bring my bazooka to starbucks and i surf for free 24/7 no one asks me to leave or buy more coffee.  free power and free intertubes, a hipster ""gave"" me his laptop too."
0	Fuck off, retard spam.
1	Man they should totally share all that money that they made with everyone, they shouldn't be allowed to profit!
0	This is true with most acquisitions and market swaps for a time.  Doing a full on customer transfer from one system to a completely different one is a shitty process that takes months to plan out and build for (sometimes a couple of years if there are budget or conversion issues)  I would also be interested in a source if you have one available.
0	"Every time I watch the news, I think ""damn, you must have caught so much shit for your name."" But I got made fun of for my first and middle name a lot, so I may just be looking."
1	Thanks! I didn't read and understand the other reply saying the exact same thing!
0	I, for one, welcome our dank meme bearing overlords
0	Jeez, can you imagine a retro commercial channel that still showed modern commercials to pay the bills? I'd give it a year and a half, maybe two years, before that channel would get its first reality show.
0	Ahh the ol' hunt for OP's mom via subpoena trick. . .
1	well we shouldn't have anything to worry about then, cause Obama would automatically veto the bill and there is no way Democrats would jump ship and give the GOP a veto proof passing.
0	"Honestly, a large reason for that, is because if something terrible happens, the public screams at them and heads roll for not detecting it. ""Protect us absolutely, but don't break any rules."""
0	Just some technician who wanted to bitch about his job I guess.
0	Thanks a lot!
0	Network speeds are almost always measured in bits. I can't think of an instance where bytes are used, other than to relate speeds to folks not in the networking or other IT field, but maybe there is an edge case.
0	Let's be honest, they want faster access to porn too, they just won't admit it.  You know who doesn't want easy access to porn? Liars.
0	Well I didn't even have the previous definition of broadband, so I doubt this will help me at all.
0	Just because not everyone needs it doesn't mean nobody does. There are plenty of people who pay high premiums to watch Netflix, and forcing companies to spend less money on lobbyists and more on actually improving their service isn't negatively affecting anyone. If anything, this might create some sort of barrier between corporations and their control over the law.
1	Cops shouldn't be using their phones while driving. It's against the law.
1	Because Google and Facebook (and their handlers from the US government) really want your data, and it would be unfair not to let them have it!
1	But we need national security to guard against our infrastructure. We need to know what people are doing so that evil doers will be thwarted.
0	Also in the news: the other 55 percent have no idea what privacy even is.
0	That's brilliant! haha (But I hope they don't)
0	Report it to the FTC by calling their toll free number.
0	Pandora at 128kbps was terrible. Yet still amazing at the time lol
0	Anyone else notice she hasn't paid her bills for like 3 months now? What an asshole.
0	Also ps4, but not PC gaming.
0	It's true that the analog hole is a last resort (or a temporary measure until a better option is available like in cam rips of a movie before the DRM laden Blu-ray is released and converted anyway), but it's always there as a reminder of how pointless it is to constantly harass your paying customers
0	Dude when I signed with tmobile over a year ago I got unlimited 4g LTE, no throttling,  and omg its fucking amazinggggg
0	You aren't a group, and I'm also certain in the real world there is speech you'd be in favor of making illegal. Things like making a false accusation in a court of law or something similar.
0	Out of curiosity, what other traffic travels through Tor? What accounts for 98.5% of the traffic?
0	since it seems to be googles quest to make youtube shittier with every change they implement, i somehow doubt it.
1	Do I still get to update Flash every 15 minutes or so?
1	But ALL Muslims ARE terrorists
0	EPB...?
0	does it feel good to be the fifth person telling me exactly the same thing?
0	OP, bundled sticks.
0	I don't use flash at all, and if I did let it run it would be on a reputable website. And it always has me going through a bunch of dialogue boxes, if it was automatic there wouldn't be an issue.
0	Yeah I found that one but it's not very good.  Ended up with thunderbird plus enigmail.
1	Wow why didn't we think of this sooner?!?!? Problem solved! You deserve a Nobel Prize!
0	Yeah, it's fine. Check after hours :)
1	Just what we need. Another article saying the same thing as the last 40,000.
1	The gov't has our best interests at heart, just trust them.
0	Everyone always says this, but no. No it would not. Congressional approval ratings are in the single digits, but incumbency rates are in the 90% range. Everyone has a problem with our government, but no one is willing to blame their representatives or their party. Term limits would solve nothing.
1	But this is what they do every day. Its in their best interest to make something that represents the whole industry and not just them because we would KNOW that they are cheating and nobody  wants to look poorly in the eyes of the informed consumer.
1	No bribery or revolving door deals? But then how will politicians get elected?!
1	It's almost as though you don't understand anything about a country you're so quick to pass judgement on the people of. Ha, surprising
0	Maybe it's time we threw a few motors at some CEOs' houses.
0	Good point.
1	How dare you judge a female CEO by her company's horrible record of failures... you misogynist pig!!
0	Police Stalking? Bullshit. The point is police avoidance.
1	But I'm still pretty sure the government is blocking that guy.
0	Well fuck, isnt procrastination a bitch?
1	Its still 30 years off, just in the past
1	Living in Decatur, ATL here - AT&amp;T has supposedly announced plans to start expanding their high-speed networks. Definitely unrelated.
1	Hey don't worry, RST Fiber is going to wire the whole state!
0	If young people spent a little less time voting on reddit, and a little more time voting in elections the world would be a somewhat better place.
1	What is G+?
0	Hey, did I see you up the top of a mountain?
1	yeah fuck him for having jaw reconstruction after the accident
0	WOOAAHHHOOOOoooOOO!
0	Those are easier to transport. Sometimes they even transport themselves.
1	But things can't possibly happen in our time. Stuff happen before we were born, so what makes people think history repeats itself?
1	Yeah and that totally doesn't depict you while linking to a subreddit that complains about titles of posts
0	So what would you have us do instead? Set all the places on fire when it's full of employees and murder everyone related to the heads of Comcast?
0	The mafia had a code of honor.
1	Americans don't want better internet? That must be why Google fiber is hated everywhere it goes, and consumers everywhere hope it never comes to their area.
1	Because capitalism is all about government regulatory agencies determining what the citizens need rather than having them decide that in the free market.
0	Only if caught.
1	We have already done that before, and as a result AT&amp;T is now a negligible minor player in the phone company ecosystem that barely has any power or market share
1	"Ohhhh the Humanity!!! Can you imagine the money we'll waste on gas as a society when more police are forced to actually PATROL in order to ""serve and protect?"""
0	Electric braking should be used in more places. Trains and hybrid &amp; electric cars already does. But not everything with electric motors does.
1	Yeah but the heroin goes to Russia...So that's basically a win, right?
1	Or the weapons inspector who was killed by suicide execution style in the field in Wiltshire. It made you proud to be British an a warmonger
0	This was the United States, now it is the Oligarch States!
1	They make a good point. Does anyone really need even more than a 2800 baud modem? Pfft.
1	Disable a feature that could allow citizens to know where an officer is in the event they are in distress. Yeah, sounds like a great idea.
1	You don't need a car if you own a bike.
1	Yes, let's call on ISIS to attack American companies. That should work out well for us lol.
1	I've heard that demand and supply curves are completely dependent on necessity and never desire.
1	Well one thing we know for certain is that they are most likely one hundred percent in touch with exactly what the average consumer needs.  We should listen to their every word.  After all, I'm sure everyone there is just like the you and I.
0	My dad's a doctor, and I he either heard of or witnessed a case where a guy rung his ex's doorbell and as soon as she answered he pulled the trigger, blowing the lower half of his face off in a failed suicide attempt.
0	The FBI can lick my sweaty ballsack
0	No sir even worse, you will be labelled child pornographer.
1	Wow! I'm awed by both their prowess and choice of relevant and challenging target.
1	Not if we keep signing petitions and callling representatives.
0	Right? I have no fucking idea why they'd want to catch us buying this stuff.
0	They have already done this.  Don't forget they have most likely infiltrated just about every citizens computer with either malware or coded information on your computer the day you bought it.
0	I've got adBlocker, so I didn't know. Apologies if I did indeed post the link to a spammy site.
1	What could possibly go wrong !?!??!
0	SO DO YOU!!
1	No violence in prisons, at all
0	Just about anything you want. Telnet is an insecure way to access the command line on a lot of network devices. A good network admin will have disabled it in favor of a secure method like ssh. I honestly don't understand these guys. They know enough to set up logging, but not enough to secure their router.
0	That's why I said below 30. I believe it varies from country to country, but in the US, it is almost universally 24.
0	Overnight torrents.
0	That title, it's funny.
0	Moto 360 should be interesting, but still more curious about the wearable HTC is planning.
1	Ads and popups everywhere, can't wait!
1	This is great technology news.
0	Whats the difference? Its a worm, of course you're not gonna see complex emotion. Dovthe same thing with a human brain, you'll get a real person in a computer
0	Haha!  Try to step on me now!
0	Yup, and care works both ways. You only have to listen to the SNP speak for five minutes to realise how little they care about the people of the rest of the United Kingdom. They have a victim complex, constantly whinging and whining about how oppressed they are.
0	"Because 180 out of 789 of the Lords (23%) are ""crossbench"" i.e. they have no party affiliation. This would likely end if the upper chamber were elected, because people vote strongly along party lines, and because an election campaign is so much easier to run if you have a party behind you."
1	I love how US Republicans who love free speech are also in favor of porn.
0	"I was with you until ""corporate greed."" Everyone is greedy except you..eh?"
0	THAT would be an awesome robocall.
0	this is illegal? Tuners have been doing this for decades
0	Of course. Those and many other apps.
0	Called it: Project Nova
1	Well... since corporations are *people* and allotted the right of free speech to monetarily sway the government... What's the harm with dialing up the POTUS for some profitable favors?
0	There is an actual list they are supposed to consult before calling
1	Yeah, it definitely makes sense that people should be paid $16,000 for hanging up on a telemarketer.
1	Is there another way into Texas?
1	Texas has the best judges money can buy, so good luck with that.
0	That's not actually true.  The company can be sold by the government to pay the fine.  The existing owners would have lost their entire investment and the new owners would continue to operate the business.  (Presumably without the telemarketing.)
1	Oh, $250,000 is a real bargain then.
0	It's a case study in how people are easily swayed by words.
0	Yet #r_netsec is seen as acceptable, and has been for years.
0	I feel bad that I want to use so many Google services, giving them a ridiculous amount of power, but damn the alternatives are just so bad.
0	Who cares, the technologies for both of these have been under development for decades now. Both offer something cool. Not everyone wants to wear a headset to use a device.
0	So, like a Minions sort of drivetone? I could get behind that.
0	You forget that our country is run by 545 people, not one.... it will be *really* hard to convince 545 people who grew up on the internet to annihilate it for power
0	Source: Carl Sagan
0	Only 95%? I take that as an insult.
0	Aren't they planning to expand their network? I live in buttfuck nowhere and they just expanded and upgraded their towers so now I get full LTE everywhere and it's fantastic.
1	The true voice of reason here.
0	Why aren't I a lobbyist? I'm super convincing.
0	what's the difference between this and bribery?
0	Who wants karma?! I got karma here!!
0	I believe an 05 mustang gt can go 0-60 well under 7.2 seconds
1	That's not technology!
0	Just wait till they announce the price.
0	I've seen my share of MSR videos, this is the first time I've ever seen anything form there come so close to market, other than Kinect (which works awesomely, despite what the Sony fans stir up in their heads and redistribute to the clueless).
0	I have literally never used any of those sites on this list.  Ever.
0	Linux would like a word with you.
0	Well, without SpaceX the US wouldn't have an affordable way to launch satellites without relying on Russia, so there's that.
1	I thought he died.
0	2 multi billion dollar companies? That don't heavily use spreadsheets to view or disseminate data? Yeah I still think you're full of shit. The finance team alone would be up in arms.
0	Media Player Classic FTW
0	That isn't how these things work.  Technology isn't Tinkerbell.
0	I tried to update a couple of computers from 7 to 8 and found 8 wasn't compatible with the hardware, I wonder if 10 will be compatible? A tech friend of mine told me a lot of older computers don't like windows 8?
0	I'll assume this doesn't help with a Motherboard upgrade, sounds like I'd rather pay for a retail version.
1	One less argument for the master race
0	Yea like wtf micro soft
1	DAE HATE CRAPPLE????
0	If it goes by Microsoft tradition with Windows 8 and earlier, then just because you are getting a Windows 10 upgrade does not mean that you have to do an in-place upgrade. You always have the option to format and reinstall.
1	Well thats some sound logic
0	Can't guarantee this, but when MS ran a similar deal to get 8 for 40 dollars, I was able to use a version of 7 that wasn't activated to upgrade.
0	You can upgrade from 8 as well.
0	You guys are actually deleting these?
0	This is straight out of Iron man when Tony is building his suit! Hard to believe it's legit.
0	Free for windows 7 users as well?? Wow, that's actually really surprising.
0	And I can get 10gigE from Cox Cable here in the US. If I was willing to pay for it.
0	"Precisely why I posed the question... Where the fuck are the ""people"" here?"
1	Luckily, HDMI cables are extremely thin and flexible.
0	"We don't have to; the computer will figure out a substance that fits our definition of ""rocket fuel"" that can be achieved with the ingredients and tools available."
0	Heh, we build on flood plains all over the place. Not quite swamp but quite unstable in parts.
1	Good idea; it's not like Snowden had to flee the country to avoid prosecution. We need laws to stop him!
0	If you look closely, he didn't say change for the better
1	All hail, our glorious leader!
0	if they were going to give away anything for free it would be a specially crafted 'light' version which would constantly remind you of the functionality you don't have with prompts that also include a link to get a full version.
1	Yes, just kill the men and women with families waiting for them at home.
1	Not if more sites start using the 8 character requirement, must have a lowercase and uppercase letter, and have 2 numbers. Passwords would be much more secure then
0	It hasn't really.
1	I'm sure it won't be abused.
0	Which was already based on the PATRIOT Act.  This isn't new.
0	On one hand, I'm stoked that we're getting some Halo or Call of Duty type technology available near the consumer level.  On the other hand, I'm terrified of the implications of this being used by our police.
1	And they're crashing constantly!
0	3 days later my phone will have 20 missed messages and 5 calls
0	Yeah, fuck corporate America!  Er.. What?!
0	This is the darkest timeline.
0	I like Family Guy tho.
0	Now microsoft has the patent, theater goers can be happy knowing 99% of phone owners can still be annoying cretins.
0	That's not quite true, we offered similar deals to many high ranking nazis in similar positions, it wasn't just the japs. I don't see why we didn't either just take the information forceably or make a 'deal' and then exterminate the fucks afterward and simply ignore the deal. Who cares if you break a promise to these people? They should be tortured in ways to help further out medical knowledge, fuck em.
0	Because they didn't care about actually *winning* the case. All of their evidence was mishandled, and shotty at best. It was more of sending a message, and shutting his business down. At this point the new Mega has a long way to go to catching up with Megaupload.
1	You get constant guard though, a $360 value.
0	Are there no other big-thinking entrepreneurs?!
0	It would be funny if Sony paid them to hack Microsoft and vice-versa.
1	Comcast customer service people in the Philippines are very friendly though.
0	Didn't they attack Sony because of them doing that shit?
0	I remember the first morning i used it after a nights charge... In 2 minutes it went to 90%.
0	To OP's mom.
1	Still tighter than Sony
1	Whoa, whoa, there! That's almost 20 years into the 21st century! And more than 20 years after South Korea, Romania, Bulgaria, and other much poorer countries got even better and cheaper Internet access. Don't rush so fast!
0	Why do I keep hearing this?! Why are people storing things in plaintext?!
0	Glass and VR have almost nothing to do with each other.
1	Lets put every one and every industry at risk so the government can snoop your shit. This is brilliant and could never be abused.
0	Your is correct, they are addressing the readers.
0	3mbps down.
0	All the better for our private prison sector, looks like it's going to be busy.. And they may need to build more for profit centers.. Err, I mean prisons to hold all these new people.
1	I used to have hughes net and I heard it got slightly better, if you can call it that. Back when I had it you had a 200mb limit a day and if you went over that they would throttle your speeds (what miniscule speed you had) and if you continued to use the internet it would keep you in the throttled mode for another day until you stopped using it for 24 hours. They did have unlimited downloading from 1am-6am so that's something right?
1	But it makes us safer, right?
0	such fine tuned control is amazing.
1	Don't worry! We'll elect Hillary and things won't get even worse!
0	I was gonna say... Start? When did they stop?
1	Remember kids, it's lobbying and not bribery.
0	Hopefully antivirus software can use some of this information to protect people.
0	There's actually a shrewd plan here, but you'd have to read past the headline to find out what it is.
1	And apple. Other than 3 companies with their own ecosystems, there is no competition.
0	How is internet on mars improving humanity? Last i checked there weren't  any humans there.
1	Don't insult mothers, the Pope might punch you.
0	Did you see how cool those space capsules look? Holy fuck I want one
0	Mars is probably going to have better internet than I get through Comcast.
0	This doesn't make any sense at all. Splitting up major ISP's to small local governments would make it harder to spy on us, not easier. Small local governments would be much more willing to protect their citizens data then any of the current major ISPs.
1	If sprints network is an example of net neutrality in action I may have to rethink my stance on the issue.
0	hey, where the fuck did this go on the front page? from yesterday. do i need to start putting on my tinfoil hat.
1	Yep that will teach everyone in the UK.
0	Yah, but what shirts were they wearing when it landed?
1	THAT'S COMMUNIST SPEAK. WHAT ARE YOU, A COMMIE?
0	This is the same logic for gun laws and drug laws. (Granted, encryption doesn't actually kill anyone.)
1	Look how great the patriot act is working out. Let's try it again but this time it will totally work, this place is entirely different.
1	Come on, we clearly need to make information less secure in order to be MORE secure.
0	That's part of their evil plan for world domination!
0	you just lowered your credit rating by asking
0	Not on iOS.
1	They're not your personal army
0	I think it's important to have a basic understanding of how things that are necessary for our every day life and economy function.  I certainly don't know the intricacies of everything under the hood of my car, but I understand fuel gets combusted, pistons move, some gears are involved, and then my tires rotate.  I don't know everything about how a power plant works but I understand that there's generally a heat source (burning coal for example), steam is made, steam turns a turbine, something magic with magnets, current is generated.  I feel like people living in the modern world should have that level of understanding of how telephony and the internet works.
0	This time, What about the last 18 times it's been proposed?
0	"The one thing I like about ebooks though is ""ctrl F"". It's useful to be able to search instantly for a term and find all the places it appears in the book. Other than that I agree, real books are much better."
0	That'll show em
0	If everyone voted for asshat 3, 4, or 5 instead of not voting at all, things would be different.
0	It's whack-a-mole, but with bills.
1	Well obviously they need to set up some kind of paid peering agreement,just like Netflix.
0	Install linux, open a bash prompt and start learning how computers actually work. You'll quickly find that modern computers hide from information from you, that explains how they how they actually work. SSH is a fantastic tool, it provides network connectivity, encryption, secure telnet, secure FTP, secure proxy for your internet traffic, and a whole lot more. it's just one of many tools that cut through the bullshit and give you direct control. When you're done with childsplay, jump over to *nix and start putting your computer (and yourself) to some serious work.
1	Internet on boats may not nessesarily be the greatest of speeds.
0	Another mile down and you get to Papa John's.
1	ISPs didn't see this coming, didn't they?
0	I wonder if it will speed up PAQ compression, which uses a neural like network.
0	Still too expensive ugh
0	State of California
1	i hope it has power windows
0	I'd buy it so hard
0	I used to own a Chrysler New Yorker. The back seats on the outside each had a reading light you could swivel and adjust. Kind of a shame it didn't catch on.
1	That's some nice detective work there Lou...
0	Well, I'm throwing mine out. I don't like the idea of poor people owning a car I have.
0	I'm wrong twice? On what? Is F150 not made out of aluminum now? (it is) is it not the best selling vehicle in America? (It is). I'm not totally sure about tax write offs, but I admit that.
0	That only applies to driving. You can get as drunk as you want by yourself.
0	No problem!  It can be a lot more complicated than I described it, but that's the general idea.
0	Protecting his job, like almost anyone else would do in that position.
1	...an executive action to make it legal to create municipal ISPs? Yes, that is so horrible. We should totally vote on that, since politicians can and should decide whether to allow that or not.
0	Uh... Take a look at most legislation that gets passed, it tends to benefit a small group of wealthy people more often than not. Not obviously, it usually appears on the 300th page of the law where most people won't look.
1	Oh no!  Scary hackers!  Take my freedoms, *PLEASE!*
0	Alot of people responded to correct me but I get 3g when I go over.  I'm not sure if it is based on network in the area or there is something about my account.
1	Well if you don't care about our national security, will you at least think of the children?
0	because I am hard.
0	Agreed, I use Yelp for things like 'Subways near me' or 'Mexican restaurants near me', etc. New places to check out and see if they're worth a try. Restaurants don't always make themselves noticeable.
0	Well then their high school social studies classes did them a disservice or they did themselves and society a disservice by not paying attention
1	"It will only get better when it is pointed out his name is actually ""Raphael"" which is a Hebrew name, which makes him Jewish, which makes him from the Middle East, which makes him A ***TERRORIST***!!!"
0	I'm embarrassed FOR you seeing how much you comment and obviously little you actually know.
0	Then Google isn't to blame. The phone manufacturers are. It's not like Google can push an update to all Android phones.
0	Classic US.
0	This will only work with T-Mobile's LTE network if you already have a T-Mobile phone.
0	"They'd just say ""this is why we need to get rid of privacy!!"""
0	Goddamn tinnitus triggers.
1	...electrical stimulation directly to the nerves inside our brain? *Sign me up!*
0	yup. they also have a minimum wage worker shouting 0's and 1's for 3g.
1	hurr durr teachers r dum
1	Yep he is against that there science
1	We're talking uber high end audio here not math and physics
0	I just hope the next launch successfully lands that primary stage. It would be terrific news. Do you know when the next launch is? Elon usually announces it on Twitter but I haven't been on in a few days.
1	Well obviously critical systems are allowed to be encrypted. Government stuff, corporate stuff, anything important. Who cares if the peasants have their data compromised, everything that matters will be fine.
0	What letter?!
1	Curtains? What are you trying to hide?!
0	I hear the Caesar cipher is all the rage with the kids these days!
0	I'm pretty sure they would probably all agree to flood the ISS with nitrogen so you all just fall asleep.
0	On a 6068 in notepad no less. Spell check be damned!
1	Oh, clearly not!  Which is why cars are still getting 18 mpg highway *at best*
1	How wonderful!
0	Could it not be made to work only on jailbroken iDevices? More people using the app would be better, and a lot of iWhatevers out there have jumped over the walls of the walled garden.
0	I'm thinking more like extra nap time before work.  If I have to work a few more hours than I do now because of self-driving cars I would lose my mind.
0	To be fair, if you have money for a flagship Android and iOS device, you probably don't give a shit whether the app will cost 1 or 2 bucks.
0	Symantec is worse for your computer than most of these.  If you get it all the way installed (never a sure thing) removing it is going to involve wiping the hard drive and starting over from scratch.
1	No the Illuminati said Electric cars were too good for the planet and society so they assassinated them in the desert.
0	SEC network will be available for $5 more a month I think.
0	Like the implementation of laugh tracks. We weren't laughing enough - we needed to be *told* it was funny.
0	I'd take them to small claims court and make them prove I signed signed for one
1	They aren't greedy, they just want to maximize the money they can get from their guests.
0	see: diamonds, oil, sex
0	The current Tesla Model S. Tesla has promised a 3 tier car with similar (if not greater) range for several years now, right around 2017. If I had a choice, I'm buying from the company leading the charge.
1	That sounds very seditious
0	patreon ?
0	Not too sure about that. Batteries are better by volume, yes. But at the same time there has been this crazy competition about making the most anorexic device. End result is that the mAh that a device shipped with has been largely stagnant, as the gains in pr volume capacity has been stripped out by making the batteries physically smaller to allow for smaller devices.
0	What people want is for technology that is currently hoarded by energy companies to make its way to consumer products sooner instead of just being hoarded and sat on.
1	But having all those lithium ions will explode in your pocket.
0	I've been very happy with USB.  Daisy chaining is crazy awesome.  I haven't kept up on the different versions besides some version being a lot faster than another, but I've been very, very happy with the technology.  Considering everything that uses it I think it's been a great success.
0	I'm coming from Windows Phone and missed the back button for about a day until I realized swiping from left edge was an OS feature and most apps work with it by default.
0	How many science points do you think that was worth?
0	The US currency *is* the world's currency. We are the standard to which all other currencies are compared.
0	Thank you sir.
1	Never waste a good crisis
1	Well, since Democrats are a minority party in Comgress, he'll probably just be ignored. Republicans have much more important work to do, such as banning abortion.
0	Can confirm:  Born in '89, still not growed up.
0	What is this face thing is it a new meme!!!
0	Too bad according to a new site wide rule, we aren't allowed to organize consumer protests. :)
1	"""We support jihadies""."
0	Time to start vomiting in other ants' mouths.
1	Careful, sounds like you stand with the child pornographers.
1	Yes, but we(USA) are the good guys, so anything we do is ok.
0	Is there any trouble setting one of these up if you're not the only person on your network? IE: I have roommates and the Internet is under one of their names. Would them not having a VPN screw me up if I tried to use one?
0	The content creators typically sell their distribution rights to different rights holders across the globe. Netflix obtains rights from these national rights holders, but each rights holder can only sell the rights which he has paid the original creator for (meaning local distribution rights). Rights holders in one country would sue if they perceived that a rights holder in a different country was unfairly stealing their local clients.
1	Spying on everyone and everything, always the best way to prevent crime.
0	Peerblock should take you ~2 minutes to install and configure, cheap VPNs are like 10$ a year, really not much time/money invested. Not much investment to be returned, but I see your point.
1	That's  totally different!   I was completely wrong!
0	It really isn't. I personally prefer Chrome, but IE's pretty solid nowadays.
0	You don't have to support the NSA to dislike Snowden. I'll probably catch a ton of down-votes for it but I think he's a turd. If he had just come out and shared how the U.S. government was spying on its own people that would have been great but when he started leaking things that pertained to our surveillance of other countries and how we managed to do it, that was some traitorous shit.
1	Yeah right. And this comment will get thousands of upvotes.
0	Well the US is rather fond of distributing weapons around the world. It helps set the stage for war.
0	Is there anything morally wrong with charging somebody who is more likely to get into an accident a higher monthly fee?
0	Also it does not drive fast for longer distances.
0	Okay.. good luck opening your family store in between Walmart and target.
0	Still just words.
0	This is actually a pretty clear cut case of copyright theft. They are receiving funds and redistributing music they don't own for a fee without permission. It'll settle out of court but not before everyone boards the bandwagon and screams about how Universal is the root of evil etcetera. You can't broadcast music in your cafe, garage, place of business on a radio, to anyone other than yourself, unless you own a license so you certainly can't put them on CD's and send them into prisoners that's just blatant no matter how good the intentions are.
1	Corporations are people too!
0	"Who the hell wants to say ""Ohh, I drive a leaf"" in stead of something bad ass like ""I own a fucking Tesla, bitch!"""
1	well that was a well reasoned and well cited counter argument which totally addressed everything i mentioned in my post and in no way was just a restatement of your original statement with more emphasis
0	Why would an isp sell someone 3/4th of their total bandwidth?
0	This can not be. Wheeler is a telecom lobbyist and Obama secretly has been trying to get Comcast in charge of the internet. There have been so many posts saying that. It can not be Obama hate. it has to be factual.
0	Someone needs to tell Australia. I get 8mbps on a good day, and only 0.5 up.
1	Oh great, another way for Hershey's to charge you more for less chocolate.
0	except mesh networks + decentralized processing and storage of data... makes pulling the plug a royal pain the ass.
0	Shit, I'm a PC gamer and I still don't come even *close* to 450GB/mo. I torrent a *lot* of 1080p movies as well.
0	Meanwhile, between Steam, Netflix and Amazon, my roommate and I are typically around 1 terabyte.  Different people use connections differently.
0	Go look at their website. It's already gone. They also increased the price of every other tier.
0	D-Fend is a pretty good front end for it, makes a good bit easier to configure and fiddle. :)
0	looks to be a lot of shareware shovelware.
1	But of course 50% of job applicants to tech fields are women, tech companies are just so sexest they don't hire them.
0	He doesn't give a flying fuck.
0	I was under the impression that Ghostery itself kind of tracked you too.
0	I feel like this is true for every region.  I live in Texas and I have more affiliation with other Texans, maybe even southerners and southwesternera as a wider region, than I do with people on the rest of the continent.
1	Right? Who knows if Google will even be in business in a few years.
1	You *could* spend $400 a month on internet, instead of food and a car payment. Who needs that stuff when you can just 3D print everything?
0	And yet you've probably spent more time on this alleged non-technology related post than any other in the subedit today.
0	A few of those might be from overseas though, in places where Netflix is not available yet.
0	It's not just the companies. Municipal governments are also pushing against - main reason we don't have it in SF.
0	This is what's going to happen. And I will switch to t-mobile in an instant.
0	Google has publicly stated that the more people use the Internet, the more money they make. So anything that keeps people from using the Internet is bad for business.
1	You mean inbox?
0	"This isn't about threats.  This is arresting and prosecuting people for ""offensive"" comments."
1	Indeed! I'd rather pay an entertainment company the right to know all I do on an ISP level.
0	Because there's no single central server involved anymore that security relies on.
0	Patents hinder innovation.
0	To show off butt
0	I have a Nokia 110, the mp3 player works, but the interface is just horrible.  If you want a mp3 player, spend a few more bucks, there are plenty of low end smart phones in this price range.
0	"Maybe, just *maybe*, having ""nothing to watch"" means it's time to get the fuck off your ass and actually *do* something?"
0	Lemme see it.
0	"what they call ""hate"" today, will be ""dissent"" tomorrow and forever."
0	Plenty of business travelers choose their own accommodations. It's actually fortunate in this case that Marriott cares more about business customers than about average individuals--I would speculate that the proportion of people who care enough to own something like a Verizon MiFi is much, much higher in Marriott's target audience than in the larger population.
1	If you didn't want the FBI snapping pictures of your kid's penis then you shouldn't have had your kid use the public bathroom!
0	Yes, with a meltdown basically impossible due to the design. We probably could have been much further along with this technology if nuclear paranoia never got so far.
0	Also looks like a tree made of dildos
0	Just don't dump it an area with a water supply and its fine.
0	Well said.  Care to explain why?
0	Yes, Bright glow-in-the-dark neon green! So green it stings the nostrils.
0	Yes, the users get CA errors.
0	Cool. I'm also a fan of calling things by precisely what they are.
0	You need to know how to do it. On HSTS sites (including Google) I think you have to type some keyword to enable the button. If you don't know that, no way you'll click through, and if you do know, you usually know what you are doing..
0	I keep saying that in about 50 years or so, nobody is going to remember Steve Jobs as an innovator, but as a con artist who stole from everyone he met.
0	Moto X users happier than everyone. ololololololo.
0	Liar. Reddit and Gamergate are intricately linked to technology.
1	False. For $80/month, I can get 15Mbps/5Mbps, and according to my ISP, it's almost a steal!
0	All behold: Internet Warrior. Fighting injustice kilobytes at a time, because he has been throttled.
1	Whoa there satan, what are you trying to hide?
0	"They don't want to ""beat"" netflix as in harm them. They want to beat nextflix as in still provide netflix's customers with the content they want so we'll keep paying them."
0	Lol stay salty
0	Yeah absolutely. Here in the netherlands netflix started with 2 of the 3 LotR movies. The 3rd wasn't available because a local network had licensed it. As if that's in the best interest of the consumer (hate that word, but couldn't find a better one)
1	But we ended the war in Afghanistan! All the troops are home.
1	But if you don't look at the ads, the terrorists win. Is that what you want?
1	Good thing trade agreements will allow US prosecution of foreign individuals who violate copyright law.
0	Not so, depending on where you're located, and if it's personal internet, it could very well appear as an ISP from a different country.
0	Technically it is possible, but unblock us has a lot of DNS addresses and they just rotate through them.
0	"I disagree that Dota 2 has a higher skillcap than League. The games are so complex and there are so many areas that you can make mistakes in, I'd argue that we have yet to see, and probably will never see, ""the skillcap"" of either game. Just look at 2014 Worlds - SSW was by far the best team there, probably the closest we've ever seen to ""perfection"" of the game, and even then a bronze player can point out mistakes that they did. Not that the mistakes mattered anyway, but point still stands."
0	Chinese bay trail tablets! This is a dream come true!!
0	i fell in love with my sony xperia Z3 and my life hasnt been the same since, in a good way i should add
1	Lol, someone whipped out the alts to down-up me/you. Well done.
1	But... But... But... Muh iSheep
0	My phone sits unusable for between 5 and 20 minutes while the phone installs the updates, this is unacceptable for a multitude of obvious reasons. Worst part is nothing is changed when the phone is finally usable again, any fixes necessary will be addressed through official android updates.
0	I can say this for myself really like my s4 and plan on getting a note as my next phone.
0	That's the thing, when I transferred all my stuff over to my wife's phone, I had completely erased all data and settings from her phone, and then restored it from a backup of my phone.
0	Don't reply without reading the article.
0	CRTC  announced before Christmas  that you cannot have fast lanes in Canada.
1	Wow there's no way that would happen its not like they killed gigabit squared to keep their PNW monopoly
1	"Ya, I'm sure leaking embarrassing executive emails to the public completely unrelated to The Interview was all part of a publicity stunt from the such a genius company, a company that stores its passwords in a document called ""passwords"" and who has had embarrassing hacks of their Playstation Network multiple times. I'm sure those were publicity stunts, too."
0	Right on. It seems we have attracted attention from the ADF (Apple Defense force).
1	How about a series of explosive tubes?
1	Out of all the other comments on this thread, can't you tell that's a very common issue?
0	Thanks! Much appreciated.
0	There already is no competition and tbh I believe Google would fuck the consumer over less than the current dominant ISP's.
0	Why did you decide to pay that?
0	Finned, for her pleasure.
0	Apple was a failed rocket company was it? I was under the impression it was a consumer electronics company that under Jobs went from near bankruptcy to the most valuable company in the world.
0	Good luck convincing Average G. Joe that while he's paying 5+ times more for wind and solar, he's saving the environment as well!
1	Yet most people haver never heard of it. Maybe they should send balloons with DVDs from the border of Canada ?
0	It does. Per kwh, it get more than anything else. But don't let the facts cloud you opinion.
0	Especially videos. The videos I take on my iPhone 5 eat up over 100MB per minute.
0	The line between genius and madness is a fine one, often the most visionary of people are a little bit crazy.
1	But utilizing wind power makes the wind slow down!
0	In other words, Rockefeller stayed on top by offering a better product than his competitors. Comcast stays on top by wielding government to prohibit competitors from existing.
0	Great comparison - a wonderful looking aircraft with amazing advances in stealth, avionics, and technology. All the beauty of Old Boston with all the productivity of Houston.
0	That is disgusting.
1	You get outta here with your witchcraft and logic.
0	they already have that every time you google search for porn
0	Quit teasing us google.  Take my money please.
0	Other companies are not allowed most of the time.
0	Sounds to me like you want an android. Multiple manufacturers so there's a better chance of finding what works for you
0	"For fucks sake, the new year barely just begun and already the next ""Fuck Comcast"" article that went to the frontpage. I wonder why I haven't added it to the filter in RES already"
0	The point he was trying to make is: The amount of ammo is very low on modern jets, so if it's gonna use a 'gun', it needs to make every single shot count. It fires in bursts, and it fires with as much accuracy as can be mustered. That's why we need a complicated computer program to target the guns and make sure they hit the target in exactly the way you want.
0	why would it need, to, it needs to take a beating because its close support, if you can  offer that same support froma distance that is a win.
1	Yeah, and C-130 can dogfight, or can be carried around by aircraft carriers, or stealth.
0	Yes, but the strike range of the 35 is much greater than the A10. The A10 is virtually visual range while a 35 can kill targets beyond visual, so it can strike faster from farther away and use less travel time to a target site.
0	This thing costs more than a brand new motorcycle.  kewl tho. Also it will be much cheaper to only have a small projection window rather than full face.
1	Neglect your civic duty in the face an instance of injustice perpetuated by police officers.
0	Australia ?
1	Thank god you're here to help fight Comcast with your apathy and cynicism. Clearly doing nothing at all is the best way to bring about change.
0	I've heard all of this electronics can be defeated with a brick.
0	No good reasons though.
0	I truly hope to see more of you small ISPs spreading out and giving us more options.
1	Nah man, we just need enough people! They can't give us ALL conspiracy fraud charges!!!
0	Supreme court already rulled on that one... stripping your 7th amendment rights in a blink in an at&amp;t case a couple years back
0	You dont get that issue with a properly funded antivirus program.
0	Looks like a win/win to me. Better than not trying at all.
0	Comcast isn't at fault here. Your hate shouldn't supersede your want of Justice.
0	Oh, I was confused =D
0	Stop using Paypal for crying out loud. They are as despicable as Ticketmaster
1	Should bring back the clipper chip. Never had any problems with that.
0	We've already given them billions of tax-dollars for the infrastructure that they didn't invest in the infrastructure.  It's not my problem that now they have to dig into their own pockets (E, gasp!) for infrastructure upgrades.  I shouldn't have to pay for it again.
0	Maybe now they'll get competition and go under.
0	You have to have money to make money.
0	So, they are not even bothering to pretend to not be Literal Satan/Hitler anymore, then?
0	My parents get 1.5mbps... it is TERRIBLE.  They use the Verizon tethering most of the time because it is much faster.
0	Are you shitting me? Bell, Rogers, Shaw and Cogeco are basically the comcast and time-warner of Canada. We're still getting ripped the fuck off by these asshats.
0	What's with the bullshit title? Don't editorialize in the headlines.
1	Wow!  It's like lighting!
0	Canada has the same problem
1	What a profile in courage, Comcast.
0	You're an unforgiving cunt is all im saying
0	It's called being cautious. Yes, they don't have to reveal it until after the decision, but I'd still like to look at it. I'm not saying they can't make the decision. It would just be nice to read what they decided on now that it's been handed down.
0	At this point absolutely nothing, there is no last mile unbundling and I do not know but I doubt this fully addresses state-by-state anti-municipal laws (though I think that's something Wheeler wants to address), so Google is in the same position.  But ISP's aren't in a position to say set up slow and fast lanes based on how much head the CEO got that week.
1	Yes, clearly laws that are old cannot be applied to modern times! Things like the Sherman Anit-Trust Act, the 14th Ammendment, the Bill of Rights, and the Constitution are too old to be effective. We should just get rid of them!
0	Apathetic? I mean, I'll turn up to vote like I always do, but it's not like there's a single person running for any office I'd support.
0	"The ""lifelong blood oath"" you speak of is called money. The assumption was he was on cable's payroll, like many a politician."
1	But, but, we needed it. Comcast was so evil!
0	He honeydicked everyone
0	Can you elaborate a bit? That's a story I'm not familiar with!
1	Its a shame we don't have more monopolies in America.
0	No, it just went over your head like an airport.
0	About a month early for April fools jokes
0	It's not gay, it's just a brojob
0	Is it possible the reality of the situation and the legacy he would leave behind if he ruled against net neutrality brought him around? I mean can you think of how historic it would be if the greatest invention since the printing press was suddenly silenced in the name of greed and government corruption by Tom Wheeler?
1	Weird because I thought that lobbyists literally bought our government
0	Lol are you serious? Not the Supreme Court who said that black people can go to school with white people? I'm pretty sure half the South hated them. Hyperbole.
0	Chills man. That gave me chills. In a good way.
1	"No no no, you misunderstand, it's ""network management""."
0	"Ah, so that means you were saying ""the day slow, compromised Internet died in USica."""
1	Yay, go Hillary 2016.
0	Will you even get to enjoy the time if you're constantly looking for a reason to be paranoid?
0	The telecoms are already doing what they want. I honestly don't see how they could win anymore. Do you really think the FCC is that captured? If they were in com casts pocket you would think they would have let the TWC merger go through
0	Seriously, why isn't it illegal to tell clear lies in a place like this?
1	As an American I look forward to 1mbps upload on the highest tier of customer level plans. And oh maybe some nice download too but that's much too her at middle tier surely.
0	Corporations are people. Can we make the Internet people and sue him for libel?
1	Yeah, and the Mongols would only stop at the drawbridge.
0	Is plex installed from the factory on the new sammys?
0	I guess you're being downvoted because you can actually get W10 eight now - it's a test build, but works quite well.
0	Google doesn't need to care about over a billion potential customers?
0	Hey! Somebody old enough to get the joke.
0	I don't know man, if he was shot from behind why does his head go back when shot in the head? Physics tells me Oswald would have to shoot from the front of the car for Kennedy's head to do such movement.
1	Nice try NSA.
0	maybe, maybe not, maybe go fuck yourself
1	Thanks, Bruce for that enlightening idea!  Why hasn't anybody else proposed this?!
0	I upgraded this morning and noticed a huge speed boost on some sites. Good to know it's not some temporary thing, but that new feature!
1	The biggest thing keeping me away from TV was the lack of ads. I'll be calling the cable company immediately to hook me back up.
1	Yes, how terrible if we lose all the up skirt shots taken in public.
0	Along with what you said below, I'm not even sure what imgur's privacy policy is, but it isn't even the only website that people can post pictures from. That's why my other post explains how basically once it's out there, you're probably not going to be able to get it down permanently.
1	this must be why my internet bill has gone up 5000% in the last day due to new taxes!
0	I would rather play a video game than try and watch TV with 5 minute commercial breaks like it's the 90's when I had no other options.  I've seen enough advertisement for a lifetime.
0	They must be up tp something
1	Yah no one could possibly come to the conclusion on their own that 332 pages of new regulations on the internet could be a bad thing... must dem evil astroturfers!
0	Legal theft. That, my friend is capitalism 101 for you.
1	Yeah your right, the well reasoned concern is ***totally*** a conspiracy because he disagree's with you
0	"Yeah, these are the same types of people holding the same ideology that fought to keep slavery, that fought the civil rights movement tooth and nail, that fought suffrage for women, that fight gay marriage and reproductive rights for women, etc. Every social or economic issue that comes up, you can use the position taken by conservatives to predict what will be ""the wrong side of history""."
0	If you're too stupid to read, yes, it probably is. But I'd say that your condition is a bit more frightening.
0	Who the hell actually thinks this? the HUGE majority of California's water usage goes to *commercial* use. All those farms? They're using up *each other's* water. They're their own goddamn worst enemy and they don't realize it.
0	Pelosi isn't a senator. She was the House speaker
0	lol. u dum.
0	It's driven by the NSA, slow lanes will make it harder to stream live audio and video from everyone's households.
0	It should be put in your original post
0	when was it above zero?
0	The cool thing is that by using their product you all agreed to this already and the fact that they record these things doesn't actually hurt you. It's all for the advancement of their technology
0	Man do you have any idea how R&amp;D works?
0	That's a straw man.
0	Hit the gym, delete facebook, lawyer yourself up.
0	By using explicit test, not treating everything ever said as a test.
0	I know, the Fourth Amendment is just a section of an article written on parchment several hundred years ago with no offensive or defensive capabilities whatsoever. Meanwhile the drone is probably armed with  cruise missiles and can fly at altitudes several thousand feet up in the air for extended periods of time. To be honest I don't see why people are even questioning this obviously the drone is going to beat the shit out of the Fourth Amendment.
0	I used to work for a DOD supplier. The stuff we sold might seem common to you, but it's not the same stuff consumers are buying, believe me.
0	"The more weapons they have the more wars we will end up in to ""justify"" the spending."
0	She is the current CEO.
0	She has a bright future in game journalism.
1	Faster internet? Ugh, no thanks.
0	Sometimes.. I doubt very much US cities will continue to have shitternet for long, regardless of what happens here.
1	God, no WONDER women don't join.
1	Because that's totally reasonable.
0	$600 phones and thousand dollar laptops have proven extremely affordable based on the number of sales they have achieved.
0	You say that as if it's one of the *good* things about capitalism.
0	"Music. If by ""disrupt"" you mean ""completely and utterly dominate""."
1	will it still be silicon valley then
0	At least they won't run on that godawful Windows crap they've been putting in cars up til now.
0	What does the price of the stock have to do with it?
1	Yeah, capitalism totally sucks, communism all the way right comrade?
0	"I think posts like this are awful. ""lets post a link, referencing something on reddit, but on a different website, on reddit for that sweet karma"" having said that, I am happy to see that Edward Snowden is able to communicate with his most adrent supporters, directly."
1	What?!  Apple using underhanded business tactics?!  No, that can't be
0	One time I was borrowing a buddy's iPhone to look up a quick recipe when the Fukishima nuclear plant suffered a core meltdown. That's never happened while I was using my Android.
1	Maybe they should pay them what the market thinks they are worth.
0	What we want net neutrality to be, and what the government will do in the name of net nuetrality, will be completely different things.
0	wait reddit ceo is being sued?  or is she suing someone else?
0	Yeah, Title Case Looks Fucking Stupid and in Cases Like This, Confusing.
0	He politely asked a question. Answer it, or shut the fuck up.
1	#iPhone Users will be jealous...  ;-)
1	Yea so I can just delete system 32 right?
0	I am not surprised.
0	Because the more they publicly fight it, the more guilty they look.
0	to be fair, the cops' feelings were really hurt when he shunned them
0	Must be all the sexist shirts and dongle jokes
1	Yeah govt is totes allowed to hack into corporations. Legal as.
1	Yes I'm sure this will bankrupt one of the worlds biggest suppliers of hardware to businesses.
0	A competition? For photos! Intriguing. They must be quite the innovator.
1	You've just made me realize that perhaps they didn't target illegal things, but popular things. That way, if they get everything more popular than their legally sold music taken down, people will buy it when they search for Java.
0	It's like there are stupid people, and some of them are parents and educators, and some of them are kids. Holy crap. I never thought it was possible for stupid people to teach a stupid kid and have the kid stay stupid. Thank you Bill Nye for enlightening us. Holy shit.
1	AND THE FREE WORLD IS SAFE AGAIN!
0	No it's a Chinese name.
0	Then put a bucket below their head so you can recycle the gasoline when your done.
0	I bought a Nexus 6 which first became available in November 2014. Moto manufactured it, but Google handled the R&amp;D and software. Does that make my device safe?
0	"Then isn't Wordpad bloatware? First time I've seen ""vendorware"" but it's an apt term. Consider some Nvidia software that comes on PCs, for example."
0	what?
0	i386 does not mean what you think it means....
0	The average non-business tablet or laptop user wouldn't know how to use a VPN, though
1	Use the fedora signal?
0	"With a 3.5% ""convenience"" fee on top of the existing fees."
1	So you're saying it's a vast conspiracy by both the Chinese and THE JEWS?
0	"Bought a 15"" macbook pro this week, I made the right decission"
0	Keep up to date on your MS updates. They've already added to the automatic removal tool.
0	I have no idea how anyone in the company thought this was a good idea considering the appeal of Lenovo is mainly to businesses and government agencies.
1	Please wait until after they pass that new law to legalize it before commenting it's illegal!
0	Guess how much I trust anything written by Lenovo?
1	You definitely sound like a parent.
0	You can opt out of using Google, you don't have an opt out for the government.
0	Why whats the problem? I never used to have problem running both together.
0	Thank you for your hard work on this and all the other threats you folks deal with.
0	I don't have enough upvotes for you.
0	Lets not forget how much we are being charged for TV services as well. Charge you more. Show you less content and advertise even though you are already paying to watch tv. Why the fuck isn't TV free again? We are basically paying them to advertise to us.
0	But apple charges you obscene amounts for brand. They don't need to offer bloatware computers when the average buyer is ok being gouged on price from the onset. All the customers that are NOT ok with that practice buy cheap laptops with bloatware instead.
0	FPS differences aside, they cut portions of the show as well.
0	Cable delivery is a technology.  The practice of speeding up/editing programming for profit isn't.  IMO.
1	Must get this and some beats! My music will sound the best!
0	Oh, no, good sir! I understood your joke! I was just adding nonsense to it.
0	Sort of woody isn't it? Not tinnious at all.
0	I've learned that the 'theme' of people's opinions on this site is so stupid that I find it humorous. It's troubling to read the comments to a post that has anything to do with science/technology
1	I'm guessing this is aimed at professionals, since audiophiles will be using a turntable as it is the best medium.
0	Thanks for the input Sony.
0	Most people don't read beyond the title and first few posts bashing the topic's person, product, company ect. Or praising it if they see positive reinforcement. Reddit has become an extension of highschool, and given the demographic it now has it makes sense.
0	Yeah jesus christ that was like watching a fucking ad to get to the article I wanted.
1	Oh thank goodness. Those darn TV shows aren't fast enough. I want to be able to fast forward through those pesky shows so there are less interruptions in my favourite ads!
1	Sure, if you like your apples with tentacles and growth hormones in it!
0	Non-compete agreements are invalid and unenforceable in California.
0	Agreed. My Yoga 2 Pro is hands down the best laptop I've ever owned, but I couldn't in good conscience recommend it to anyone given the questions this incident raises.
0	its a woman, not a man, women are the root of all evil
1	Yeah it's so hard to install another app and set it as default when Android asks.
0	Harhar, I just got Linux on my Ideapad. Where's your adware now?
0	several censorship scandals, you wouldn't have heard of them though as they were censored.
0	Right. It seems that that would be the best way to crack the Comcast/TWC problem open; help stimulate Google's growth, and let the market shift away from the duopoly.
0	...don't say that out loud, there might be a TV listening in.
1	Cmon man they pay you interest!
0	AT&amp;T's logo is the Death Star. Coincidence? I think not.
1	Sounds like we need to drop some freedom on AT&amp;T and liberate the population they are opressing. What country was this happening in again?
1	Because capitalism is ineffective and bad just like this!!
0	Government regulations, keeping monopolies strong and your wallet empty.
0	This is just a standard fee for being a reasonable person.
0	I don't think so. Most people who hate ATT and other big ISP's would hate them even if they didn't data mine. It's more about the unfair, rediculous prices they charge combined with shit customer service.
0	Because privacy is important.
1	29$ for them to do less work by not collecting your data? Sounds like a great deal to me
0	Cool article. Shame it's getting downvoted.  Thanks for sharing!
0	It's using a wired connection, not wireless, and it goes full speed when not connected to the VPN. I'm fairly certain that it's the processor lacking hardware support for AES that is causing the slow speeds on vpn.
1	Oh man you are right!  Water, electricity and natural gas utilities under perform and overcharge!  Let's end all gov't regulation.
0	My buddy just got back from working out in midland and said Austin is still way worse, but it's your choice. I'm out in dripping springs
0	That method never worked for me. I had no audio until I started using Plex.
1	Well, at least if I get kidnapped they'll be able to ping my cell using a fake tower to find me
0	That makes you stand out too.
1	Yify looks terrible on VLC
1	bohdan77 the expert PR guy.
0	I always hear people make arguments like this, but I've yet to see the American people take down their own government. This is really the time for it, it needs a total overhaul. If I look at my own country, we've forced people and parties to step down over much much less. Often just screwups, not even unconstitutional activities like this.
1	you wouldn't download a car.
0	How does this even make sense? I have 30/10, I don't need the full 30, but its the choice below it is 20/4 I think.
0	Not really. It'll be like 20k by then.
0	which I'm sure will be easier to do once the idiots get their way and make the internet a public utility.
1	Well, data collection isn't useful if it fails to get as much as it can.
0	It can't be removed currently.
1	wow...who would have thought that powerful people wont be playing by the rules?
0	Yep, it's kind of absurd that they have even started interviewing anyone, 10 years ahead of time, considering the ideal people to leave for the trip in 2025 are currently still in high school. You don't want to send anyone a day older than 30 up there if the goal is to start a colony. Health and fertility are of utmost importance for a thing like this. What good is sending a 50 year old scientist that has a good chance of coming down with a disease that simply can't be treated on Mars? You are better off with 20 years of activity from an 80% candidate than 2 years of activity from a 100% candidate.
0	68 days? Fuck, I thought it was years. Those are 100 brave people.
0	Nope, it was automoderator being silly with duplicates. And us mods can't shadowban.
0	Perhaps you didn't notice, but she's quite pretty. I think that's sufficient qualification for a Mars mission that will never happen.
0	Well, he's not wrong.
1	A skeleton crew, time to storm Utah. :D
0	Yeah this will never happen.
0	ITT:  People claiming bullshit about a project that they hardly even understand.
1	it must be some extraordinary computer engineering work that has created such a virus. that talent for sure didn't go to waste
0	Well it is editorialized. No where in the article does it say that Equation Group is the US Government.
0	YAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS THEY DID IT
1	But... but... the prices are the *same* - there is *no competition!*
1	I thought the market couldn't sustain this because there was no demand for these speeds?
0	Socialists BTFO?
0	This is true, and there is also another part of this that people aren't paying much attention to:  Wireless networking.  We have the capability to build wireless networks where each antenna can broadcast for several miles.  There is a bunch of available spectrum for such a thing and the speeds with channel bonding would compete with cable (Super Wifi they are calling it).  However, the FCC is currently entertaining the option of selling a big chunk of that spectrum to the companies lobbying the government for it instead of opening it up for unlicensed use which is what they said they were going to do years ago.  If a chunk of it gets sold, there won't be much of that spectrum left for the public to use.  What is exciting about it, is the entry cost to set it up is far lower than running fiber.  Google and Microsoft are currently setting up networks in other countries and testing them out.
0	Could be a bad random number generator, generating a predictable key
1	But Comcast told me that this would slow progress and increase my bill. I don't understand!!
0	doesn't google fiber have 700-1000mbps?
1	Purely coincidental. AT&amp;T has had this in the works for years!
0	Gigabit internet is never too late. You may not switch to them, but this is a great improvement to our infrastructure.
1	No, we need net neutrality now!
1	B-b-but guys, consumers don't want or need faster internet!
0	"Extra extra! Read all about Soothe therapists who do ""extras""!"
1	What does that mean?
0	France, really? I mean come on france! I thought we were cool. Israel being crazy, i expect but france?
1	I'm shocked, SHOCKED that the FAA cares more about flight safety than privacy... how dare they do their job!
0	Or just use AdBlock Plus, since Edge is literally just a fork which offers nothing of value aside from removing a single checkbox (yes, really.)
0	I'm willing to get the idea that the U.S. is trying to consolidate its cybersecurity front. In an ideal world they can maybe end up with the most secure stuff in all of ever. Unfortunately it looks like their plan includes collecting all the current protection methods and working from there, meaning if someone finds the way into the U.S. database, ALL of the current protection methods used by the people who volunteered are now vulnerable. (likely resulting in something much much much worse than the SONY hack a few weeks ago)
0	That's not what I said. Cmon.
1	NO! Only Israel is the evil problem. Our other allies South Korea and France and Pakistan could never be a threat. Only Israel!
0	What is claimed without evidence may be dismissed without evidence. He provided sources to back his claim and you should do the same.
0	Well, historically and off the top of my head, the USS Liberty, and of course much more recently the occupation, internment, and abuse of Palestinian people ring pretty loudly for me.
0	The NSA strikes again.
0	I used tixati for a while, liked the simplistic approach.
1	The rest are actually anti-image
1	BBBUT stock android
0	No, real fucking grilled cheese sandwiches.
1	Not a monopoly
0	No, for $60 you get all 3 monsters, 12 hunters and 12 maps. THATS content. Skins are cosmetic and fluff content. Its an OPTION for those who wish to customize the look of their character, you are not missing any gameplay content with your $60 purchase.
0	How about robots that grab people instead of shooting them. They run or fly around an area, and they wrap up anybody with a gun. Figuring out if said people have explosives would be a bit difficult though.
0	The point is to eliminate a lot of the bulk of modern electronics by offering DC power directly. If you've got a big DC source at your house, there's no reason not to leverage its inherent advantages.
0	Discrediting Tesla off of one unproven **concept** is like discrediting General Electric for every time Edison didn't get his lightbulb design correctly.  Innovation isn't magic and not everything you plan comes out how you planned it; I'd rather an innovative company like Tesla come up with new ideas, even if implausible sometimes, than a completely stagnant innovative community where everyone is afraid to well... innovate.
0	you can recycle them, but refurbish absolutely not.
0	They'll just use Teslas open patents, claim they invented the technology, and sue Tesla out of existence.
0	"""I come in peace.  I didn't bring artillery.  But I swear to you, with tears in my eyes: if you fuck with me, I will have you all disbarred."""
0	If we continue to allow monied interests decide policy that could very well be an outcome before things improve.
0	so i did some research and you are correct. i thought all his tweets about vitamin water was him pumping the stock up. but you are right he had a stake in the company and when coca cola bought them out he made a ton of money. i apologize for my mistake.
0	It sounds like he's going full retard again.
1	So that's why Microsoft and Apple just agreed to hand over data to the government voluntarily.
0	I get ~10-15 mbps average at home with LTE on Sprint.
0	While we use the term 'create' for what artists/engineers/programmers do, we have to keep in mind what that does and doesn't mean in this context. Pro-IP arguments often ascribe to artists/engineers/programmers some sort of mystical godlike ability to bring entirely new things into the world. But what they 'create' are actually finite segments of information, i.e. numbers. The entire Harry Potter series as a compressed RAR of PDFs, or the entirety of Halo 4 as a giant Windows installer file, is some large binary number. It's not like that number couldn't be found, or would somehow behave differently, if the particular artist who came up with it didn't exist. The artist merely *discovers* what numbers have good practical or aesthetic properties. To say that discovering a number with good practical or aesthetic properties means the artist has the moral right to stop everybody else in the Universe from making copies of that number (at least for a certain period of time) is absurd.
0	I think I still have my talking viewmaster somewhere.
0	No one has ever swam around in their great grandpas nuts.
0	All about pulling the ladder up behind yourself.
1	I bet that solar garden will have a wall around it!
0	Zaphoid?
0	It's a profitable business to catch and attack pirates. They want a new market to do this, it's not actually about stopping piracy. It's about making more money.
1	But the only thing that fuels invention is money!
1	Kids these days. When are they going to do something with their lives?
0	I was thinking more like Grievous.
0	$80M?  Where are they going to find the other $9,920,000,000 (Ha! an understatement by Musk if I've ever seen one) they'll need to actually build this thing?
0	Minimize the amount of waste that needs to be stored by allowing modern designs that can use the waste we currently have as fuel, such as breeder reactors and thorium reactors.  Some waste will still be generated, but much more manageable.  The ultimate solution would be to remove it from the planet, but still too risky/unfeasible at this point.
1	I'm looking forward to hard-hitting and difficult questions, along with honest and insightful answers.
0	Please excuse my ignorance, but a battery holds power.  How is this charged?  It seems like saying you've solved the problem of droughts with a rain bucket.
1	obviously you leave it broken and send it to production and go home early.
0	I think after a short time that would bring the prices closer together.
0	Ah, Wisconsin. Where you can buy liquor in the grocery store, we warn you about our DUI checkpoints, but god forbid you buy a six-pack after 9PM.
0	39 million is the population of Canada. Coincidence? I THINK NOT.
1	Good luck!
1	No, the solution is to make new anti terror laws for computer misuse!
0	I have a question for Sgt. Ortiz: How does this put the police at risk?  I don't think that someone who wants to kill a **specific** police officer is going to get the information that they need, since I doubt that Waze is stupid enough to include even as much information as the car number of the car.  For anyone that just wants to kill *any* cop(s), many police departments already have web sites that allow anyone to see active calls, so they could just look those up and go to the scene of an active crime.
0	"""Meet 3 reality TV stars of the future who will never ever go to Mars, and who probably know it by now."" ftfy"
0	"Samsung doesn't care about copyrights. Their motto is ""copy exact."""
0	In our state (in South Australia we have only state cops), the location of speed traps are published ahead of time in the paper and on the radio.
0	Then how do you use it to stream media over wifi?
0	Can you cast browser tabs to roku?
0	You can buy individual shows through things like iTunes and Amazon. So what's the issue?
1	Freedom of speech.  Corporations are people too!
0	You don't get shit that aired last night in Netflix either.
0	spoiler alert.......^Nobody^Likes^Ads^^You^^Special^^Snowflake^^you
0	You're actually paying, at least in large part, for the cable company to provide you access to the channels. The commercials pay for the shows on those channels. It's kind of similar to how you pay for internet just to stream Hulu/Netflix which you then also pay a subscription for.
0	Only reason the Bone shipped with a camera was for passively logged advertising analytics.
0	Offers... Offers... That's a strange way of pronouncing profits.
0	LG has been serving me nicely for a while now. Switched a couple years ago after I got sick of Samsung.
0	I wonder how much netflix could save (and subsequently spend on licensing) if they stopped their DVD service.
0	I detected a fake cell tower at the local social security office in smalltown, CA. WTH, guys?
1	Yay for child porn
0	You don't know that. You don't know how the mother felt or what the reporter said to her.
0	Did it really take 6 hours before someone noticed the title error or is it just because I'm on mobile that it looks like that?
1	This is completely uncharacteristic of government oversight boards.
1	I know right? Sticking it to a 92 year old woman sure is brave!
1	Well if we went around paying *everyone* a livable wage how would they know the value of a hard days work?
0	I thought this was nottheonion for a moment.
1	Just ask nicely and malicious drone flyers will be more than happy to comply.
0	I imagine it would work just fine for 10Gb in short runs. That said this is outdated everyone knows the real audiophiles are all jumping on the infiniband wagon if they aren't using inferior 40Gb ethernet already. Go fiber or go twinax get outta here with UTP, that crap is for OOB management.
1	Oh but of course because evidence is never fabricated and all officers and government agency's follow the law to the very letter. Don't worry guys the government respects our rights and everything is just fine.
1	If you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear.
1	Yeah who cares if the federal government is illegally violating our constitutional rights?
0	Does end to end encryption (like what iMessage uses) do anything to beat that?
0	If porn got shut down imagine the spike in crimes.
0	Also, solid state versus optical. A 64gb micro SD or memory stick can take so much more abuse that a Blu-ray, the the speed advantage and size....
1	I'm convinced!
0	If it helps, I believe he is proven wrong
1	Why have Almost Human when we have Two and a Half Men and The Big Bang Theory?
1	Yes, but it's paid with tax payers money!!!!
0	"I like ""so grab your dick and double click for porn porn porn."""
0	Wow, web development would be stifled if internet porn died. They are like NASA and F1 to regular technology and cars when it comes to technology trickling downwards.
1	Good luck. It most certainly worked for MS
0	"All they need to do is rename it to ""America Online"" and the cycle will be complete."
0	Which with him would likely mean an automatic parole violation, since you know there's no way he could not use a computer.
0	Warrants require probable cause and official documentation that there is something being investigated. It's a lot easier to fight evidence found under a bullshit probable cause than to fight parallel construction.
0	Is photocopying a textbook the same thing as robbing a bank?
0	Were you downloading recently released stuff? Or more obscure? We're you seeding?
0	He didn't say it was, actually. Note the space.
0	That's one awesome list of torrent sites.
0	"The TV probably has enough processing power to discern the activation voice command (like ""Okay, Google"")"
0	So basically what they're saying is... a TV that you can control with your voice has to actually record your voice. Shocking.
1	If you aren't doing anything wrong, you have nothing to worry about.   Amirite?
1	And the stock market can only go up!
0	It it can do it with a button push what's stopping them from just doing it all the time. Personally I would never hook my TV directly to the internet but this is still fucked up.
0	99% of the time its emf. In this one weird case its a weird ass chip.
0	There's no denying that Intel makes great processors. AMD is still a good choice based on price, though.
0	I feel like I did but guess not. Fucking google it you cock.
0	when they say competition they're talking about economic competition, not the general idea of competition.
0	You can be honest and candid without being brutal. That's just being an asshole for no good reason.
0	Trapped outside the US.
0	I have a pi2 heading my way. I wonder if I could turn this bug into something useful for me.
0	No he didn't, it was shown that the closet was unlocked, and all he did was gain access to a network he already had access to, except he got a faster connection, which may be against the intended use, but there was not to my knowledge any rules against it.
1	The article had to be put through Skype Translator.
0	About as well as snarky internet posts.
0	Oh. Wikipedia agrees.
0	Hey, don't give me credit for that. I'm not involved.
1	Didn't you see the video? It's very persuasive.
0	It says in the article that there will be more focus on the design and the background of the builder :(
0	Really? Linky?
1	Are they being shown the 50 States?
0	Not anymore
0	I miss ziggo so much...and sunshine lollibot (or was that robot wars?)
0	I guess but that is such a stupid point to make. We all know the guy is interchanging consumer with American, people do it all the time. This is the equivalent to a grammar nazi.
1	but i thought they just worked!
1	Bribery? where, oh no no, just because you are paying someone to approve a law doesnt make it bribery, specially since it isnt called bribery.
0	Thankfully Fry's and Micro Center have started carrying these things.
0	Yes, from the UKs second largest ISP - Virgin Media.
0	No timer but 4 minute brew and automatic shut off.  Start it up, brush your hair, bam, coffee.  That took 2 minutes of searching.  There were many others.
1	"Oh come on....those aren't ""bribes"". You TOTALLY don't have have to vote they way they want!"
0	Well sort of. There is Steve, a man. And the only humans he encounters are androgynous squidwards
1	Didn't you know tin foil hats were made up by the industry to sell more foil?
0	I work in retail, and I make sure to let anyone buying the 2.0 systems that they lock out rival coffee brands.  More often than not, they put them back.  I'm glad this blew up in Green Mountain's face.
0	They've lost some.  The problem is it's hard to show what they lost.  I have personally skipped on 5 or 6 hundred dollars in games from them since I got sick of them screwing me.
0	I did declare units.
0	Or because you have no credible source verifying that he has done anything particularly bad, or abused his powers.
0	Do what most of us do. Steal then from the office.
0	And they would've *gotten away with it* if it weren't for us meddling kids.
0	Considering this is an embedded system we can just hard-code those.
1	Have fun wasting that extra 2 minutes a day...sucker
0	Copyright expiration is pegged to Steamboat Willie.  Disney has the clout behind it to ensure that Steamboat Willie, and therefore Mickey Mouse, never enters the public domain.  Copyright law will continually change to prevent that.
0	On your desk is one thing, but when You're trying to leave your house 5 mins ago and didn't start the coffee already it is a different story.  A K cup is faster than making a cup of coffee in a cheap basic coffee maker.
0	"Or made a public ""API"" to let others use it properly too. API isn't the right term, but I have no idea what to call letting others know your scanning process."
0	It's just a joke emphasizing how terrible Verizon is. Geez luiz
1	Good to know, I will now definitely be forking up a lot of extra money for a smart TV instead of buying a $35 chromecast.
0	Only when it's plugged in, and only when you activate the feature.
0	The cable companies are going to be another failed business case study for Econ 101 students, right there next to Blockbuster. They stood around with their thumbs up their asses for ages, assured that they'd never be usurped. They were seemingly unable or unwilling to see the writing on the wall. Now cable is over. There's nothing they can do to save it.
0	lmao I love that this very rational comment was downvoted.  This whole thread is tremendous, actually
0	XBone? Really? Navigating that UI vs doing it on my tablet then pressing cast is a lot worse imo.
1	Why's it always take him so long?
0	It's ESPN which is owned by Disney and they and the cable / satellite companies go waaay back.
0	No, they have a govt-granted monopoly... They'll get special treatment.
1	Yeaaaaahhhh, government hands off my Medicare!!!!
0	John Oliver has gone on the record numerous times (as have Colbert and John Stewart) saying that people should *not* treat him as a news source. He is a comedy show, not a news show.
0	Please someone make a filter so I do not receive twits in my search results.
0	Chrome + firefox + opera extension*
0	Its funny that you thought the internet was private in the first place.
0	Baby steps.
1	Barry ODUMBO got us into this mess! He took er jerbs!
0	300 GB per month... 4 movies sounds about right, lol
0	So, how can we show Tom Wheeler our thanks?
0	Social gamer, meaning farmville and candy crush.
0	One person knows how it works. The President is a person who knows how to build a team, and take their advice, not Phillip II of Spain who cared about every piece of minutiae that comes across his desk.
0	I think it's an issue. People expect their stocks to grow, not stay the same. It creates a fundamental greed baseline for corporate America.
0	That's what Radioshack used to be.  The ones I've been to have been peddlers of cell phones and overmarketed goods like brand headphones.
0	Is anyone actually retarded enough to believe a word that comes out of a Republican or democrats mouth?
0	Probably they have dirt on him.
0	As long as it isn't Sarah Palin,  I am fine with this.   Plus Clinton was a powerful force as a First Lady and a Senator.   She should have gotten the nomination last time.
1	Of course they don't; They don't see the truth about benghazi so obviously they're stupid.
0	I agree.  The title was taken directly from the source, not from me.
0	Awesome. Intelligent discussion at the top.
1	"So, internet, tell me again how I'm ""paranoid"" for immediately replacing adblock plus with adblock edge when this ""feature"" was added. I mean, it's not like anybody could have seen this coming"
0	There was lots of illegal underage drinking at state borders with lower ages. Many car wrecks and teen deaths. Nobody of merit seriously opposed the national rollout of 21 year drinking age.
0	That process itself seems to be unconstitutional. The federal government can only regulate *inter*state commerce, not *intra*state. There is a very valid Constitutional argument against this.
0	We don't need the FCC to tell us it's ok. The government derives it's power from us, and individual rights trump illegal federal regulations. It's about damn time people figured that out and started voting accordingly.
0	Wait, what?  Right now that's what you pay?  Are you data capped?
1	OK great, if we can't hold them responsible then I guess there isn't a problem to fix
0	I implied that he may be a dingo, I never once said that he wasn't a professional dingo.
0	Then don't bitch when magically nothing changes with nobody putting any effort into it.
0	I'm using a very basic, flip-open phone that only makes calls and texts.
0	You'd need to send them some cash along with the message for it to get noticed.
1	yeah... competition is always the first thing I think about when talking about public utilities.
0	They haven't always. And this abuse from the ISPs has been going on for decades.
0	yes, regardless of usage. That's what the monthly subscription cost pays for. The extra cost is just... extra cost.
0	I did not expect such a deep article from cnet. They do have some diamonds in the rough. :) Maybe they just do a ton of shitty clickbait articles to keep themselves having some sort of paycheck, then when they get opportunities, they run nice complete covers like this.
1	No, it's because they're in favor of net neutrality, and the evil FCC wants to impose an iron-fisted authority over how mom and pop ISPs can conduct their business.
0	I want to believe that's a joke because the idea that you gave up after feeling satisfied by an empty word makes me feel gross. But part of me thinks it isn't a joke.
0	The Kindle Fire is a tablet.. but I'll look at it again.
1	But, what about States rights?!?!!? Thanks, Obama...
1	Yeah, because the trend on Windows has been increased performance on low-end hardware with increasing version number.
0	So, what you're saying is that we need neighborhood ISPs to become a thing. One guy can run it for, say, 100 people, for example.
1	Yep. hoteles are doing this for customer protection.
0	Please, show the data that proves your statement. Thank you.
0	Works great until you take your laptop, phone, tablet, etc. somewhere else.
1	But the free market, people!
0	I don't think you understand how government subsidies work, or how company financials are reported.
1	Surely that town didn't have any redditors.  As we all know, redditors are immune to advertising that tricks the minds of simpler people.
1	You mean tax breaks are different then giving money to these companies?
1	To be fair, they NEED that money for their  lobbying budget and executive trips to countries that allow sex tourism.
0	We wouldn't have the USPS if it weren't for junk mail.
1	We should have the *government* control everything! Capitalism is *soooo* 20th century.
0	I get 1 letter a week from my cable company and I am already a customer.  That's money well spent.  I don't even open them up anymore.  Rip in half and toss into recycling bin.
0	Never trust a corporation to do anything, unless it's in their best interests.
0	"Ahhh DRM by the loose DMCA definition. If I ever need to engineer a DRM scheme, I'll just make something moronically simple. ^(eg. An inversion somewhere, simple ""key file"", or ""key byte"" some random place for software; or something along the lines of a a ""counterfeit detection notch"" with a concealed pushbutton acting as its brains for physical lockouts.) Effort? Minimal. Circumventable? Easily. *Legally* circumventable? **No.**"
0	Does your mom have big boobs?
0	A discussion on reddit devolving into an argument about semantics on Reddit? *Why, I never...*
1	But it's profitable for surviellance companies! How can profits be evil UN your a dirty communist? The mass surviellance industry is booming!
0	Once we all stop mongering, there will be no need for the replacement word.
0	Sure, if you live inside a bubble.
0	Now how about how much water they use when everyone goes to flush?
1	But LEDs don't need fans?
0	What percentage of those actually get an update or are maintained in any way?
0	Pretty sure Google will offer pro rated refunds to solve this obvious problem.
0	They didn't already have this in 1963?
0	Some people will do anything to have power over others, and go even further to keep it when they get it.
0	I'm so afraid that this will turn out to be the worst April Fools joke ever.
0	With all the research they've done into green energy and hoarded all the patents for of course!
1	Can't we just download more ram for free?
0	They can start with their own content.
0	you can set your browser to automatically block the trackers from facebook.
0	About half the price.
0	Uh... no. The problem was giving them rights to the infrastructure they set up, that we paid for.
1	Hey that's the perfect bandwidth for Hearthstone!
1	I love it when an article tells me what I do or don't do. Really draws me in and makes me want to read the article.
0	I'm aware that it's windows. It turns out that an infinite supply of crummy free apps doesn't translate directly to the existence of far more capable free apps.
0	Especially in the digital age when people can access digital information located anywhere in a world regardless of borders.
0	I still don't get it :(
0	If they didn't have the expectation that they would get away with it they probably wouldn't have done it. So what does that say about the people working at these agencies ? Nothing good I reckon.
0	no more paying an extra 5 bucks a month for dns fuckery so i can watch US netflix
0	From the article it sounds like there are actually two cases. The second case is the murder for hire case. The second case is pending. The article didn't make it clear if one of the agents was a lead investigator in just the second case or both. The big question is did these agents play a key roll on the first case? If so then legally yes there should be a new trial. However judges can sometimes really twist legal rulings to keep someone they consider bad behind bars. So very good question.
1	I don't use FM radio, therefore no one else should, and who cares if it is highly useful in emergencies.
0	Yeah, I should have noted it was the AM **band** not the type of modulation that I was referring to.
1	Yeah how dare they post an article about *technology* conferences. Don't they know this sub is about technology?
0	Then I guess Tim Cook won't be contributing to the Clinton campaign, since Bill Clinton signed the Federal version into law in 1993.
0	Hahaha, China isn't stupid.
0	I like your suggestion better than mine, it was a bit kneejerk. Although even as I was suggesting it I was keeping in mind the likely rerouting of the DDoS traffic through proxies and nodes in other places like the UK and Brazil. Both to stymie protective measures and cover China's arse from any direct accusations, as always.
1	But now we have Modi goverment . Acche Din aa gaye hai , Right ?
0	The only way flying cars will ever work is never.
1	TIL H1B workers don't pay taxes and don't spend any money in the US.
0	Exactly. Tried. It's not gonna work.
0	Their goals are unclear to me. But they do not appear to be good. I hope I'm wrong.
0	Explaining encryption is easy. Just talk about prime factorization. Everyone knows what that is
0	Properly encrypted data is indistinguishable from random data.
1	Let's just ban unpickable locks for doors while we are at it. If the government wants into your house, why stop them just to feel safer from burglary?
0	Sir, r u still beating ur wife?
1	Nah, let them merge. Nothing possibly bad could happen then. The efficiency gained will get passed on to the consumer and definitely not pocketed by executives. Still plenty of competition and free-market whatnot.
0	It's a balance, like how we have public schools to balance the amount of stupid you will breed.
1	Because when government gets involved it always makes things better.
0	How do you propose we convince old people to stop electing their peers to Congress?
0	"I don't know which direction to lean on this issue.  Should we let the FCC, the same organization that doesn't let you say a ""bad word"" on the radio without paying a massive fine and that also enforced the ""fairness doctrine"" be in charge of internet regulation?"
1	Why shouldn't they have unfettered power? It's not like the phone companies have rules they have to follow
0	So...there will be no more Future Shop stores.
0	It isn't an argument. That's why I asked for whatever you're smoking, because I like to get all retarded before I argue so we can be on an even playing field.
0	I would assume from context one about climate change.
0	Do they have free Wifi at the gym?
0	I also use it to plan things with multiple friends, sometimes chat or -rarely- to check on people I haven't seen in ages. I check it maybe twice or three times a week and plan accordingly. Eventhough I severely dislike their privacy policy and while I would considering using alternatives, for now it seems to be a comfort I'm not willing to forgo in exchange for increased anonimity. I'm rather careful with what I put on FB though and I randomize a lot of the information I share on the internet. I seriously pity the algorithm tasked with finding a pattern in my google searches, it's mostly a lot grammar in various languages and gaming related searches. I also never use FB on my smartphone.
0	Yes but they're also 50 million-100 million times bigger, see my point? Also apart from nuclear there isn't a suitable alternative fuel for cargo carrying trucks and ships yet, while for passenger cars there are many alternatives already. Cars are the biggest problem by far.
0	A Windows 8 upgrade key will not activate a clean install of Windows 8 by default (there are ways around that though).
0	It is not because the link is saturated, when Netflix paid the fee to the ISP they were almost immediately upgraded
0	Sounds like your reason was a lot different than privacy concerns then.
0	Shit title is sensationalist shit.
1	Wow..breaking news
0	That's what it is projected to be for release. its not that big yet.
0	An Airbus won't let him do that, there's a flight envelope protection. He would need to manually disable those systems first.
0	According to Wikipedia, it would be closer to 8 instructions every 10,000 seconds.  The 286 apparently had an IPC of ~0.1.
0	Such a website already exists.
1	Because as well all know, UN refugee camps full of starving displaced people are hotbeds of rocket activity, and they're all terrorists, right? Especially the kids, they're extra terrorist.
0	I thought they just relayed the statistics of which things are present on each page and when the pages are visited; and only as long as you say yes to a setting (that, to be fair isn't very clearly explained) during the first time it runs after installing.
0	I want the opposite.
0	As if this machine won't? It takes literally 30 seconds to change out a fire extinguisher.
0	If its already on fire, I doubt getting wet will damage it further.
1	Ahh yes great the multibillion dollar companies already working in collusion with the NSA are going to save us from them! Hoorah!
0	I don't turn mine off.  But I am not a cop.
1	That model worked great for Detroit.
1	Yeah you're right. They're not important people of industry or education, physics, etc.
0	I managed to break an axle on a 2nd gear roll. Then my clutch hydraulics fucked up, because GM. Due to my mods, I had to fork over quite a bit, especially since I went with some beefy axles. Gotta pay to play, I guess. Still blows.
1	Yeah, what do I know? I just have experience, training, and live in a state where it just became legal.
0	When the police are literally the ones depriving us of rights, I don't think it really is too far fetched.
0	the fact that this is mostly being ignored is ridiculous.
0	Might be an article about autonomous cars.  Hard to ticket a vehicle for speeding when the computer driving it refuses to go over the speed limit (and it might have a video record of speed signs if a limit decrease were obscured).
0	"How do they define ""probable cause""?"
1	But I thought institutions weren't people
0	it was the first thing I ask when i was looking at homes
0	Says food safe. I'd assume that means small amounts are harmless.
0	I e-mailed. Let's see if the response is as laughable as it was for SOPA.
1	But, the House is Republican, and they're all dumb and evil!
0	Not enough Democrats will do that so close to the election. And not enough Republicans even if they all agree to counter it.
0	I've sold Fiber to Brockway, Ogdenville and North Haverbrook, and by gum it put them on the map!
0	come to denver pls
0	You probably get, what, 3 down and .1 up?
0	Be nice of they deploy to PA too. Maybe it'd somehow help out Erie too. God that'd be great. And somewhere in new York, like buffalo or whatever. Aw fuck it, just make at least one city in every state. Maybe it'd help even people not in those cities.
1	But the commercial said Verixxotle is striving to help america??
0	Based on the current state of the technical preview I would be surprised, unless the latest build is months behind MS.
0	It doesn't matter, the point is they're still running copper to my home but they're charging me enough to install fiber.
1	A big corporation being taxed like a normal citizen? what are you, a communist??
0	True but those aren't tools that Pixar owns so it's not like they have the option of making them free.
1	And I'm sure these corporations are doing this to make things better for the people.
0	Whats it like living in a shit country?
1	But boo hoo both parties are the same
0	I will never buy one... I've seen 2001: A Space odyssey
0	I don't know what's more troubling, the supposed vulnerability or the artwork that makes them look like /b/tard skiddies who wrote this during their 9th grade math class.
1	Good thing we don't have any other priorities.
0	There's a woman in Sweden that has a 40gb line to her house. She uses the heat from the routers to dry her laundry.
0	WE DID IT REDDIT, WE SAVED THE INTERNET, THANK GOD FOR NN!
0	Don't downvote. Answer. It was a serious question. I don't understand what you're talking about.
0	I have a recently new (got it around last summer) HP Envy x360 TouchSmart and pretty much didn't touch or got rid of some random stuff that was installed with the Windows 8.1 OS, all by, I think, the Best Buy Geek Squad. Is there something else I should be looking for? Is my laptop apart of this?
1	Cause you know, there is no crapware on a closed system like iOS
0	But that still means nothing to a person who doesn't know much about computers. This whole thing started because OP said everyone should format their computer after buying it and if they don't know how then they're ignorant. Not how easy it is to format. OP was being an ass and that's why I said something.
1	Damn net Obamacare neutrality socialist kenyan bs!!
0	Ok but how much are you paying, no one I know has speeds that high.
1	Thanks Comcast!
0	Currently lacking a rig for that, but solar index says fair for the day, poor for the night.
0	Tom Cruise talked a lot about MI 1-3. He even did interviews about them.
0	right up to the point where she starts asking about microsoft office
0	I'm in Utah and I don't believe the poll.  Nobody around here wants the NSA building to be in our vicinity.
1	Yeah, let's infect r/technology with putin's ridiculous propaganda fake news site... Good idea
0	Which is interesting, as enterprise support on XP has risen to astounding pricing levels now that it's end of life.
0	If there was an accident involving a driverless car and someone got injured, no matter whose fault it is, driverless cars are going to have a PR nightmare.
1	You will be the only one looking stupid when you support murder of civilians on roads.
1	Holy shit a 17,500 car pile up! Why haven't I seen this on fox news yet?
1	what a fucking shock.
0	I may not know everything, but I'm open to what I need to learn and I'm not going with nothing.
0	You should use the Oculus Rift in the car.
0	I'm excited for self driving cars, but also a little disappointed because I only just got my licence last September.
0	I didn't say bar people from taking the test, I said make the test unpassable for virtually anyone. You can't drive unless you are at least as safe as an automated car. Well, only a small fraction of people are going to meet that bar. More likely though, municipalities will just ban human-controlled non-commercial vehicles within their borders.
0	I don't think he's arguing for or against anything either.
0	"Oh the American method is much easier. Drugs and other contraband is ""sneaked"" into prison all the time."
0	He says it used to be a farm, before the motor law.
1	"Yep, exactly it. Because even now people are dying for various reasons on the roadway. You know what people are doing? They are saying, ""Fuck it! There's too many people on this earth anyway!"" Each and every one of them"
0	You know they have programs that mass upvote/downvote shit to control what can be seen?
1	Yup i'm sure Lyft and Uber would simply close up shop. I mean when you have the choice to still make a lot of money by adapting or just close up your multi-million dollar business you just close up.
0	Don't need to pay for no GPS tracking device, use old flip phone and hated to use Win 7 on new box. XP still works fine on old box with Ubuntu.
0	no shit?
0	What % of the 15% still on XP are pirated copies?
0	So badass that I'm switching from an unbroken lineage of Microsoft operating systems straight to Linux my next system upgrade. I actually pay for my windows, too. Even get upgrade packages.
0	And cheaper and more reliable!
0	Except its funny because they were one of the countries manufacturing intel core i7's, so not sure what you think its like there
0	That's very un-Redditan of you to say that.
1	You can't possibly support people breaking the law, can you?  If you want to change the system, vote.  Or leave.  But don't EVER advocate breaking the law.
0	Guise google would never do ANYTHING evil, right?
0	Seriously, if your work place is still using software that will only work on 15+ year old OS installs, I don't think the problem is with Apple or Microsoft.
0	Yep. Ridiculous, isn't it, people expecting to be able to fix their own property. You don't buy a house with the expectation that you can fix faulty wiring or a leaky roof. That's why you sign a warranty service agreement for limited terms to barely cover you past the point of planned obsolescence. If a fault isn't quite covered, damage is accidental or the house gets more than a few years old we want to just chuck it into a landfill and buy a new one.
1	ohh yeah drop a name, that shit always works
0	Did anyone expect anything different?
1	Can't wait until cars start policing you and arresting and/or giving you a fine when they detect you breaking the law.
0	You seem to forget that you aren't going to be the only one there. If you have a line of 5 other cars then you could be waiting 2.5 hours just to start charging your car. You still get line ups at gas stations and there are 4 every 3 blocks. But no one considers that issue because they are to busy bowing to Musk
1	Thousands of people on reddit can't be wrong. AmIRite?
0	If anything, Reddit has taught me that many, many more than that can be wrong simultaneously.
1	Well yeah, but we only have 9% to go
0	Your grammar and knowledge about our ancestors are both atrocious.
0	Yes, it quite literally is.
1	Ayyyyy lmao
0	Some people did... remember the company 2K games?
0	So only in California?
0	old people.
0	Hackers 2, coming this summer
0	Don't you have some warm budweiser and NASCAR reruns to tend to?
0	So every single person in china is trying to go to this 1 website every hour?
1	More proof of the failed experiment called free market capitalism.
0	The reason people don't like calling that unlimited, is because 2G service is unusable.
1	Come on, Alibaba/Facebook/Twitter/[Insert Over-hyped Stock Here] have been so successful!
1	Wait where is all the hate for free market capitalism.
0	Just came back from India after a month long trip. My t mobile worked on all the cities I traveled in, without a problem. I mostly used data and texting and that was free. Calling was 20 cents a minute and I used that rarely.
0	So, I use RootMetrics' service/app. Is this pretty much the same, except with a much larger user base than RootMetrics'?
0	People don't buy fancy watches to tell the time more accurately. All expensive watches are status symbols. This one just happens to be more useful.
0	All of these PR edits that we catch makes me wonder how many slip by unnoticed.
1	It'll never work anyway - just look at Apple and their failed retail stores
0	Everyday it sounds more and more like our govt wants us to devolve into old school nazi rat on your own family type of society. I worry for us all guys, with leaders like this how can we not become worse people and a worse country?
0	I wondered the same.
0	You may laugh but MS isn't. They lost a lot of people with Win8.
0	at that point, they should just make it free with no conditions/upgrades ala OS X
0	or windows 7, or pirated versions of windows 7/8 it's a huge chunk of the PC population right there.
0	should be pretty hard for them to hack an unpowered computer.
1	They're not white though, so it doesn't count.
0	I won't argue that Verizon cares or not I'm more just saying that pad PR probably means more to a company that is just relatively recently trying not to enter the market in question than one of the aforementioned members of the axis of corporate evil in America. I'm sure Verizon dosent give a shit because they have the mobile service market nailed down pretty rightly but this could affect people's choices when looking for alternatives to Comcast and the like.
0	What does that mean?
0	actually when I upgraded from win 7 they had some special going and I got win 8 for under 40. at that point I figured it was worth it. I'd never pay more than that
0	You can modify the GUI to look like Win 7
1	I'm pretty sure MS would rather go the route of spending untold millions of dollars to advertise a product that forces a lot of people to get used to a weird new interface that they end up hating just because it is different. Great idea, IMO
0	Too bad the current Win7-8 install are keyless and is just a postponing of the activation.
1	Guess you are not really pirating anything if its free.  I dont want it now.
0	If the OS supports it, sure.
0	It's not free , their playing some kind of angle. They will get money somehow either trough selling your data , the app strore or some other kind of pay to win strategy.
0	*IT'S A TRAP!*
0	I think the joke was that people typically rush to the comments without reading articles, not that this particular article is lacking or anything
0	As a Canadian that uses both of these companies (albeit one reluctantly... looking at you Rogers)... Kindly fuck off NSA.
0	That was the issue in the 1990s. That Microsoft was including internet browsing on their operating system which the luddites and Apple fan bois were against.
1	Let's socialize losses and privatize profits. Totally makes sense.
0	I checked the article and the author did this too.   So I went and looked at a newspaper and EVERY headline was written this way!  What is happening in the world,  some kind of new-fangled headline-and-title capitalization cult?
1	Why let facts get in the way of one's opinion?
0	Of Mice And Men reference. ~~George~~ Lenny is a big, mentally impaired person. He has good intentions but doesn't know his own strength. Ends up killing rabbit trying to pet it.
0	It's fine, they have Netscape Navigator as a back up.
0	The question is, is this being built from the ground up, or is it just a reskinned, Internet Explorer at the core?
1	Yeah you're right, Iwata was helping with the rumor leak
1	Her problem is she probably just didn't make good enough coffee.
0	"They should just call their new browser ""The Internet"" and then it will be okay."
0	It works for me! :)
0	Tomorrows headline: Yahoo buys Internet Explorer for $9.2 billion.
1	"I told you guys that this ""Net neutrality"" thing would destroy the internet."
0	So they're ditching that garbage finally? Good.
1	It's a good thing that your plan works perfectly when dealing with mobile phones with data subscriptions.
0	Wasn't their some novel cancer treatment that was attempting to use modified HIV to treat cancer? So they were literally trying to give cancer aids
0	I bought my daughter the UX31 laptop a couple of years ago (with a 256G SSD), and she loves it. The 305 is probably what she'd be getting today.
0	How is this politics?
1	Linux jas been making billions for years doing this.
0	yeah. the point is that internet providers rip you off. someone did the numbers with a Canadian ISP's overage charges, and the result was that the ship-ssd-then-discard was cheaper per GB. I've heard that in Austraila the internet sucks, so I made the same assumption
0	"Good. Honestly I'd like to see Google taken down a peg or two...they're getting very close to ""dangerously large"" in some areas. Healthy competition only benefits the average user."
0	I was aware of it already. Pay for 12mb down. only get 3. Get it fixed, next day its back down. I tried cancelling with them online today since my phone is broken and after 30 mins of them trying to cut a new deal with me, they copy and paste a number i have to call and disconnect from the chat service. How professional.
0	Net Neutrality actually hasn't been ruled on, it is not law yet. It does pertain to mobile data, but this would fall under network practices and wouldn't fall under that. This is more of a general consumer rights thing, and a contract violation. If you paid for unlimited data, you should be getting unlimited data. They are just playing all sorts of games, that's all that's happening here.
0	Yahoo has been trying to get my mobile phone # for months.
0	Recently switched to Bing for my general web searches. Far better results for day to day usage.  Could no longer support Googles unethical search practices. Still use Google for 'technical' searches but outside of that Bing wins.
1	"Such as, helping those who can already help themselves, or telling certain people they can't get married cuz we find 'em icky!"""
0	I'm not thrilled about the battery side I rock two batteries with my S5. But I'm really disappointed about the sd card. Clearly this is just a way for manufacturers to rape us with high costs for higher memory models of the phones.
0	It is about skill and resources of the techs vs the skill and resources of those trying to get at the data
1	Then why won't he produce his longform birth certificate
1	He may be a raging douchebag, but he's *our* raging douchebag.
0	Someone should do everyone a favor and kill Ted Cruz. Fucking worthless sack of shit he is.
1	Which is more expensive than just USING YOUR BRAINS, LAZY FUCKWADS
0	Which in turn costs 30 times as much as a solar powered pocket calculator.
0	Yeah, needs little foot things to elevate it at an angle I can't type straight down anymore.
0	Yeah, that sounds reasonable.
0	No it doesn't. Grow up.
1	WOO GOVT INTERNET
1	As we know most people leave their phones at home when wearing smart watches.
0	It would actually be War on Drugs 3.0.  The Patriot Act did nothing new, it just expanded the powers of the War on Drugs to cover 'terrorism', a word without meaning.
1	Came here to comment on the same thing.  Enhance and Zoom!
1	We'll never have another person like Hitler because he was evil and we're better than that to follow such a crazy person.
0	There isn't a rule against NYPD employees editing Wikipedia.
0	Crud. I was going to switching from AT&amp;T to TWC due to AT&amp;T not playing nice with discounts.
1	I'm sure nobody expected this.
0	could you tell me what you think GG is? i am having a very strong vibe that your understanding of GG might be different from mine
0	File this under: things that are no surprise at all.
1	On Wikipedia?! Never . . .
0	All the big ISPs bought out all the small providers and practically were allowed to split up the country.
1	HEY! its only a few bad apples!
1	"Not to worry - it's ""under internal review"""
0	a welcoming police hug around his breathing tube
0	Verizon does this though..... Bastards.
1	Now everyone knows i ask siri what the weather is.... dammit
0	That's awesome. Siri and I have such a dysfunctional relationship. I hope they enjoy going through to all wonderful things I've said when she hasn't given me the answer I want or need. The worst is when you accidentally summon her. I tell her to shut up frequently.
0	"They are pretty good. Unlike Google, they don't sell the information to third parties for marketing purposes. They also provide everyone encryption that is so well-implemented that it frustrates law enforcement. Apple does behave in a privacy-sensitive way. It's just that the climate being what it is, especially in tech, them doing ""better than the other guys"" is not that meaningful at least for a security researcher who would really prefer everything be perfect."
1	Pshhh...I've done this in Kerbal Space Program. Big whoop
0	"That sounds ridiculous, to me it seems to say ""reasonable network management is reasonable if it's used as reasonable network management"" I guess it says it must have nothing to do with other business practices but it's so vague that they could easily still fuck with your internet based on that definition of reasonable."
1	I thought the FCC and Obama were going to sneak some clause in so they can own the internet!?
0	If you had someone in a position to torture them you could do the same thing with a plastic bag.
0	Why on earth would you use link text to show your math? This feels wrong in the same way flying a kite at night is wrong.
0	Shouldn't that be 404?   :-)
1	Yeah, just chuck the iPhone you just bought and switch to another company!
0	That sucks. I had 5 for the longest time and when I finally had 10 available to me, the jump was amazing. I can't imagine if I was able to get 50Mbps, I would probably shit myself.
1	What about the part that rescinds American democracy?
0	This is insightful and needs to be higher up.
0	If you are sincerely asking, any weapon that can be reasonably used to defend one's self or the State from threats both foreign and domestic. Essentially, we have the right to own all small arms and self defense tools.
0	Die Another Day
0	Somewhere a cetacean is having a headache after this
0	You should check out 10 Items or Less, its the same crew mostly and is just as/if not funnier.
0	What are you talking about?  I'm catching up on my sports and I'm watching the halftime from Super Bowl from 2004 right now.. wait, did I just see a nipple?
1	that is why they you have all those .net and .coms that have all episodes for free, or you could just pay $1.99 per episode to rent
0	This is good and bad. I believe we all still need landlines for emergencies. Plus they are much simpler than complex phones and during emergencies, all you care about is your message being sent out. This is why I tell everyone to at least have one corded phone plugged into their wall, even if they have VoIP, or no landline whatsoever.
1	Yeah. Pay $8 and see 3 ads every 15min. If I pay... I should pay 19x as much, get 4min of commercials every 12.5 minutes, like cable.
0	600gb.... mother of god.
0	Why not magnets
0	Also phones it in that when you watch tv, ***you are the product***.
0	"I've got an automated call once that I'd gone over my limit, but from what I understood they ""forgave"" it 3x a year, or maybe on a rolling 12 month cycle or something. Since the nanny will be done pretty soon and I don't download a ton of stuff and we only stream an hour or two of TV a night, I think we'll be fine going forward anyway."
0	"They make plenty of money on merchant fees from so called ""deadbeats"""
0	Have you considered a lucrative career in organised crime?
0	So does every software company ever?
1	Fuckin' Zoolander dude!
0	"""It's like killing Caesar, everyone's guilty."""
0	"That just devalues the gold watch, at least in my poor man's opinion.  Usually luxury items that cost that much money are functionally better, whether it be a mechanical watch keeping time more accurately, a car handling better and driving faster, or a purse have a superior build.  There is no function added to the gold version of the watch, it's just exactly the same as the ""poor man's"" watch but covered in gold."
0	Apple has always been about style. Some substance and user friendliness too, but largely style. A soon-to-be-obsolete watch is not much different than any other fashion-du-jour.
0	After making any changes there is a simple sysprep script you can run that resets all the Out of the Box Experience settings.  How do you think lenovo gets all the crapware on the machines in the first place.
0	What's a gubmint? A minty tasting gub?
1	Hard to believe for a nation as progressive as Turkey.
1	Yes, don't download the entire software update because of this one app you never have to use.
0	How much did that actually cost you?
0	they are pretty much attempting to sue the United States Government, good luck with that bud. You should use my donation to actually keep the site running, not on this hopeless endeavor.
0	Again, I'm not familiar with exactly how VPNs work. I also don't know each individual VPN's policies and how reliable they are.
0	Actually, it's a Democratic Republic. Get your facts straight.
1	"Crap!! I'm behind schedule! I need to write the, ""I am rich"" program for the watch and make a killing"
0	You should try being civil. The cool kids are doing it.
1	Glad we're picking our battles wisely it seems
0	i wasnt condemning them for doing it or singling them out as the only company to do so. its all bullshit, but it sells product so there is no reason not to do it. Apple's marketing is just better than other companies.
1	I'm sure they would just love it if everyone forgot about all this spying on everyone nonsense. I mean if you have nothing to hide you're good am I right?
1	Patching things before they are ready creates other problems despite arbitrary resolve dates? Gasp!
0	Apple kept Firewire for a long, long time on their Pro line. And though there's significantly less difference between USB 3.1 and TB than between USB2 and FW, they could keep TB around for differentiation.
0	Is it weird that the party with the senator who has never sent an email is the one that's against net neutrality?
0	Chai Tea?
0	Until they install Google MemoryTM.
0	If you Americans put another bush in the white house, you really ought to stop pretending to be a republic and just go with emperor.
0	The anti-black thing is a little bit of a deal breaker though.
0	Never said  He was.  He didn't basically save the country with CCC,  SOCIAL Security,  and the war.
0	I would say yes and no. Google has MASSIVE name recognition. People may flock in droves because of that. These other MVNO's don't have the reputation that Google does. That said, I've been with an MVNO for many years now. I'm on AT&amp;T's network with an iPhone 6 for $46/month. I tell everyone that I'm paying what AT&amp;T's service is actually worth.
1	You could set up a netboot, that's really easy to do
1	Just slap something together in node, couldn't take more than 45 minutes
0	If I wasn't already sold on the need for net neutrality, this would sew it up for me.
0	Ridiculous price
1	Did you hear of macbook pro? its a laptop, but with nice processor
0	It's silly they didn't just include 2, but you can do power &amp; data at the same time, so you would need a hub. USB is an open standard, so you should be able to shop around and not depend on Apple to make an expensive one.
0	Wasn't trying to
0	Sadly your comment still presumes someone should be allowed to tell me how to live :(
0	Bell is becoming the Comcast and MPAA all in one of Canada!
1	See, you should be thankful that iWatch wouldn't cost this much.  Now, be a good sheep and buy the Apple watch cause Apple made it SO much cheaper.
0	"""bla bla bla.. behghazi....bla bla bla...."""
0	Its great that basically every fighter since the 1950's has been photographed intercepting a bear.
0	He's just not sending emails. That doesn't make him an idiot.
0	Wazzu must have been completely different for you than it was for me.  Did you still enjoy your time there?  I think I would have loved it just as much if I didn't drink, but I don't know.
1	"""Avoid heat"" followed immediately by ""use a wireless charger.""  Brilliant."
1	Yeah, why should it matter that whites disproportionally control seats!
0	lmfao this ain't xbox live little boy.
0	Even more basic analogy: I don't want someone who doesn't use toilets to be my plumber. I don't want someone who doesn't use electricity to be my electrician.
0	He has people do it for him. It's sad, but not that surprising.
0	It is relevant in a sense that they don't care to do even a slight bit of digging on their own, but rely on the hand-picked, suitably massaged  news served by the mass media.
1	The human body can't even see over 30 FPS!!!
1	We should just go back to 2600 baud or 56k modems since that would clear up the congestion quickly. This is the sort of thinking we need on capitol hill.
0	Having net neutrality is better than not having it.  So I'm in favor of it.
1	Worked for Bin Laden, amirite?!
0	"...Huh? Are you implying something complicated about net neutrality as a free-speech issue? Or when people say ""these cartoons are stupid"" are you reading it as ""I want agents of the government to censor these cartoons because I don't like them""?"
1	And I'm assuming you've NEVER done ANYTHING that you don't want specific people to find out about.
0	And how many news stories originate *from* the internet, or are reported on the internet first?
0	I hate to break it to you but your best friend might not be the end all source of information you assumed he was.
1	"""....created by liberals"""
1	Government bad. Corporations good. Commodify absolutely everything down to their basic, atomic units, and the free market will naturally resolve all problems, whatever their nature, because money is the main motivation of everything that anyone ever does.
1	How shocking that clueless conservatives are trying to spin history and the facts!
0	That's not a very good analogy. My phone and my laptop run off a battery (DC) but are charged from an AC power supply. Comcast controls the flow of information, which is up to the receiving software to interpret. Obviously they have to know where to send it, but beyond that they should have no business looking at any of the other data that their client is requesting. Do you work for Comcast or something?
1	If we allow them that, what are our women supposed to do?
0	Works on Xbox consoles as well.
0	The same API applies to all the devices that currently can connect to HBO Go through Comcast (basically anything BUT a PS3/4). It's not Apple's API, it's Comcast's API for use in simply letting people authenticate HBO Go.  The problem isn't that there is not an API to authenticate on PS3/4, it's that they are filtering out PS3's/4's from using it.
0	Since this isn't an internet or bandwidth issue, I'm not sure how that's relevant.  Comcast the cable provider isn't supporting the PS3/4 with a login API.  Comcast the ISP isn't doing anything here.
0	Yeah I could.
0	Loch Ness Monstah!
0	"Wait, is this one of those spam posts? Is this just one really advanced ""my brothers, sisters, aunts, mom made $40,000 from this website"" kind of scheme? If so then where do I go to make dat money?"
0	So what?  They give you back the phone with a hardware key logger in place.  You use it like normal.  They have everything you input.  The point isn't to try to crack your code, it's to have you give it to them yourself.  The NSA has a history of doing targeted intercepts of shipments of new hardware in the U.S. Mail and then installing their own firmware or hardware keylogger.  If you mail your  smartphone to avoid customs, they can just intercept it and exploit it (they have a library of 0 days that they find or pay for) and then send it on along like nothing happened.  Afterwards you use it like nothing happened... But your data on the device is no longer secure.
0	When a billion people fart at once, you harness that
0	People do that all the time.
0	So does the LG G2.
0	My kids play this prank on me all the time. The password would be cookies, 6666, 5555, 1234, 9874, I wont know until i get home and ask my kids to change the code back.
0	"uTorrent on android sucks too. Use ""Flud"" instead, its awesome. Best torrent client for android, in my opinion."
1	But what would I put on my hidden volume then?
0	and Samsung phones. I think TouchWiz had this feature for a while, at least that's what I heard.
0	I think Skype beats it. *Shrug*
0	Because you do, that means all employees do? That is the point after all. They did not write the law about you.
1	Oh but its all ok ! its is not them installing that crap. They just provide a conduit for their partners to install whatever crap they want with the setup !
0	You know it's really simple to disable that, right?
1	Hey, look, everybody has a R- in their designation. Could somebody explain that to me?
0	Someone else mentioned it, I haven't heard of it. Its website looks like it is from 1998, so it seems to be stuck in step #2
0	It's cause Roxio (Nero's main competitor) was licensed by Microsoft during the XP days to provide in-built cd writing.  Once users had that (despite the whole interface being appalling - I can't count how many users used to think they burnt a CD when it was really empty with that thing) as a default thing, no one needed Nero.  Ironically people still used Nero for a while but it caused conflicts with the default burner for a while, and as they continued to ruin their software it became a real catastrophe.  They had image viewers, video players and various other bloatware,
1	But money is speech
0	Yah think?
0	I didn't know it was on 7... could've sworn it was an 8 thing. Thanks for the tip - I've got one system running 8 and one on 7.
1	Oh yeah?  Well you're a luddite! Twitter fridging is the future, whether you like it or not!  Stop trying to hold back progress!
0	Nonsense in most cases there is a difference between voting and nonvoting shares. And voting shares are rarely sold on the open market.
1	Ugh all I want is to be able to get all of my movies and songs without paying the content creaters for it! Is that too much to ask?  Next adblock plus will be doing the same thing!
0	What about mplayer ?
0	I haven't updated u torrent in forever and it seems okay. At first it was just laziness but then I heard they just kept getting shittier so I made sure to never update
0	"Like others have said, it's using your CPU power to mine cryptocurrencies (bitcoin, dogecoin etc). Some people might think ""so what?"" but mining causes your computer to run at a very high rate, and if it's done every day you'll notice a difference in your power bill. Not only that but if you're trying to play games or w/e it could overheat your computer and shut itself down. Plus it's just a dick move on their part."
0	*DO YOU LIKE ASIANS?*
0	RemindMe! 10 hours
0	If you ever actually did run Windows 93 than the Uchronia randomly mentioned in the manifesto sometimes makes sense.
1	Yeah, rampant AIDs and wandering warlords really don't hold up to our out-of-control police problem.
0	It certainly allows more freedom to large telecommunications companies. They're free to charge you more for the same exact service you're already getting. It's great for them.
0	Well net neutrality was supposed to make the internet perfect, right? So everything wrong is now a net neutrality violation.
1	Yeah!  We need Democratic Fascism!  Hail Emperor Obama!
0	But this is reddit where we circlejerk anti-republican!!!!!
1	But other than issues of climate change, evolution, women's rights, political funding, universal healthcare, science, banking regulations and now net neutrality, Democrats and Republicans are the same!
0	"Well yeah because if they called it ""the make rich cable providers all powerful and even richer at the expense of all Americans act"", it just wouldn't have a fair chance at all!"
0	what law is being broken for a private company to refuse service to you?
0	Capitalize *faster*!
0	I am not sure which estimates you are referring to, but they beat the expectations for earnings per share.
0	Are you guys... Turning into the USA??
1	At least there is Firefox Hello.
0	Pretty much. Those ads were also pretty annoying.
1	But aren't corporations people too?
0	If you have another solution I'd love to hear it
0	The relatively untapped riches of China's middle class is a hell of a drug.
0	Yeah, I've had it with these monkey fighting cable companies on my Monday to Friday TV.
0	37.5 baby. Except I never actually work that little
0	I still don't get it.
1	Yeah, nice to see people aren't falling all over each other to claim such fame and fortune.
0	We're just better than regular people at making coffee.
0	And I have a life outside of reddit and don't need worthless validation from useless Internet points. So good for you :)
1	Wow, despite it not being out yet. That's some quality journalism.
0	So nearly a billionaire for proprietary coffee cups. Yeah I'd be 'bitter' too.
0	"Again, just because there's space available to throw trash, it doesn't justify wastefulness and laziness. Jeez, at least have the balls to just say ""I don't give a fuck about the environment; I'm gonna be dead before this becomes a real problem""."
0	No problem!
0	"I use both Waterfox and Palemoon (on different computers) at this very moment. May I ask what the problem was? I really like Palemoon's interface - the classic style - but they have a very strict attitude against things that ""complicate"" the browser, like full Media Source Extensions support. For things that require MSE, I have to switch the Chrome, unfortunately."
0	Too bad he only bought 2 shares!
1	But that adds an entire 15 seconds to the coffee making process... Fuck the environment, I want a streamlined breakfast!
1	Yeah. Cant believe she went there, open the doors, and pointed them out.
0	Illinois has a major debt problem. Maybe we can start getting rid of police officers. I guess we'll know which ones to get rid of when we can finally get them all wearing body cams.
1	I doubt it. I suspect the computer is already secured with a technology called hammer and landfill.
0	Unless, you're open to the public about it and your spouse is on board.
0	Wait where's that string in the middle going?
1	Yeah leave Russia alone
0	"They should make a rule... you can't hit ""not there"" unless you've reported 1000, verified locations"
1	Ffs no, it's obviously Switzerland
0	Somebody the other day told me that we will eventually run out of IPv6 addresses. I nearly spat my coffee out.
0	Yeah, it takes longer for bits to travel from New York to LA than from New York to Omaha.
1	A corporation telling us what's true. Sounds like an awesome idea.
1	Then they should remove all highway/city signs showing where the police barracks is.
0	But why would someone go on the internet and **lie** in the first place?
1	But Obama is from Kenya!
0	Lucky you, Comcast blocks HBO Go on PS3.  To your point, Hastings has to walk the line between what's good for the company and what's good for the internet.  I think making deals with ISPs is a poor choice.
0	There have already been cases where towns have shut down ladies' night at bars due to discrimination lawsuits.
0	Google is worth $400 billion Facebook is valued at $200 billion but come on we all know Facebook is actually worth a fraction of that. A merger to get the google logo on Facebook would give Facebook real value it would make sense for them to do it even if google paid them nothing.
1	Yeah, but if you don't allow cognitive dissonance to take over and vote for one of the shady bastards, then you have no right to complain!
0	So many people not reading the article and commenting. Using her own email was legal, not maintaining and disclosing all the emails she sent was illegal. You think this would have been handled after W did the same.
0	I can't fathom the people who claim to be about progress yet want the Clinton Dynasty to remain in power.
1	Because those two things are even remotely relatable.
0	As a future old pervert I take offense at that statement.
1	Hillary Clinton did something crooked?  Noooooooooooooo.
0	In cases where it doesn't even last a day, people that may use it for work, I completely understand wanting to get more out of a single charge, that's completely reasonable. However, my point was more directed at those who complain that their phones won't last several days as if they aren't asleep for 7+ hours a day anyway and not using their phone thus freeing it for charging. Barring any special circumstances like being stuck at an airport, as you mentioned, there is usually no reason why someone shouldn't be able to charge their phones as they sleep. I feel that complaining about battery life when there are clearly times to charge it in everyone's life is unreasonable.
0	I have the Maxx. I prioritize battery life over processing power. The battery life on this thing is sick.
0	Owning a current iPod touch that is 88 grams and using it around the house, it is awesome in my pocket, pants or shirt chest pocket, and when I downgrade to the fat brick of the iPhone when I leave my house it makes me sad, makes me feel like I'm living in the past.  It's one of those things you don't realize you actually wanted or appreciated until you try it and then go back to the way it was.
0	They actually just said they weren't going to sell their mobile division.
1	Hey man, what the hell? I'm the one who gave you the info, where's *my* pint?
0	If they make it sound like a threat to freedom and security, anybody who doesn't fully understand the topic will side with them
0	Google is gonna be Skynet
1	Surely the price of games will drop due to this right?
0	At least Nutchos sounds like he won't get in the way and is thankful.
1	Just like we did with Patriot Act right? The first Democrat in office overturned it.
1	What is TLS?
1	Yeah, I mean if you're not doing anything wrong you should have nothing to hide.
0	So many anti-Google circlejerkers replying to you.
0	They'd like to also be your internet, electricity, tv, cable, and life insurance too. Won't you let nice Google be your master?
0	And terrible for everyone who had their rates increase dramatically, you fucking leech.
0	The first time that I discovered that Gmail was parsing my incoming emails for flight itineraries and automatically sending alerts to my phone when my flights were delayed, I was both in awe and kind of frightened.
1	But I thought all those regulations were going to scare businesses away from offering better service!?
0	"If you can remember the 90's.... you weren't THERE in the 90's bro. Is that what the kids are referring to one another as these days, ""bro""?"
0	I'm not crazy about Google and Facebook snooping. In fact, I really don't like it, but I also don't equate it with government intrusion.
0	Lots of mistakes in d3, but as someone who bought the game in the first week and put it down after a few days, I picked it up recently and its so fun now.
1	It worked in England!
0	I've got a generic wrist watch that I have to change the battery every 6 months, cost 15 bucks.
0	There's a reason for that - pc buyers aren't willing to compromise basic functionality for thin-ness.   It's the polar opposite of air buyers - has to look good first, then everything else.
1	Do we still hate them?
0	Just as a heads-up, we had to deport him because he refused to uphold the poutine quota we imposed on him.
0	I am surrounded by the future.
0	Enjoy your NSA tracking bracelet.
1	Yay, I can put my phone in my pocket with a protruding tumor!
0	I really hope they release it for pc too. Not that I wouldn't love virtual reality, but I would also just like a pc version
0	It's like they are so desperate to be an iPhone that they are even willing to copy the cons of the iPhone like the lack of expandable storage or a replaceable battery... and 'Samsung Pay'? Jeez they aren't even trying anymore.
0	If you've read The Lean Startup by Eric Ries, he talks about how a lot of companies are starting to adopt this method. Having teams come up with a product or service and then work on it in the same way a startup company would function. The only difference is they get funding from their own company, not from angel investors.
0	I love the room and it's sequel. I just wish they were harder, more complex and longer. Id love a game that took 50-100+ hours to solve, but ill settle on 30h.
0	Yes, but you can't judge them on their dev kit but are suddenly excited by Valve's version which is probably going to be worse than the CV1
0	*You're* calling it?  So a company releases a VR headset ahead of a sequel and you thought *outside* the box to connect the pieces?  Good thing we have guys like you because I'm sure nobody could have connected those dots.  I almost hesitate to call you Nostradamus.
0	this report was for phones sold new in 2014, so there are no pre Iphone 4s phones in there.
0	That's completely informative. It's heavily biased but if the information is factual I see nothing wrong with that.
0	You say this now, but once I got a phone with wireless charging I would never want to go back.
0	It takes 2 or 3 accounts to completely change a conversation and downvote others out of view. I'm sure this can be outsourced for very cheap.
0	You do realise that you and the people you know are probably not a statistically useful sample of a global market?
1	Yeah, I'm sure the iPhone 6 was so revolutionary it bore no resemblance to the 5s
1	WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT ME? YOU'RE SO PRIDEFUL JK NOT REALLY I'M JUST SUPER PARANOID.
0	Hey, it's not like they are hosting the Olympics or World Cup any time soon.
0	Isn't there a free service? How does that work and how fast is it?
0	I love the book and the sandwich
0	Technically Cingular bought ATT but took the latter's name in the acquisition.
0	That sounds illegal
0	I love it.  Hope to see more posts like this in the future.
1	Perpetual motion devices exist. I saw it at my barber. It kept on spinning on its own
0	"""We demand clear and rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!"""
0	I think Chris Hansen would like to have a word with you.
0	It probably depends how the manufacturer of your laptop implemented the keyboard. The only times I ever have any issues at all with my surface pros keyboard is when there is some dirt or dust on the contacts. Microsoft often gets the blame for third party fuck ups like shitty drivers.
0	Anyways, you're doing the whole tech industry a favor for choosing either Windows or iOS. Fuck Google.
1	"We already say ""facebook"", don't we?"
0	The thing that sold me on the Edge was the sapphire crystal screen. Not a hybrid material like the iPhone, but an actual top spec sapphire crystal pane.
0	Meanwhile, no matter what this silly thing costs you can buy lead acid batteries for way cheaper. Weight isnt an issue in houses so you dont need ultra light and expensive lithium batteries. $2K will get you a 30+kW battery pack of lead acid batteries.
0	There's one piece you left out so I got to add it in. Windows 8 and 8.1 metro apps are like super power friendly. But they can't get people to use them, especially not exclusively (which you need to achieve the greatest benefit)
1	So 8.1 means don't buy 10?
0	Exactly. Somehow it'll be to your benefit and a really good deal for you, or else.
0	"Certainly it isn't always that simple, but it typically is, assuming things even get that far at all. Many cases are caught proactively by the bank these days. I've gotten multiple calls myself in the last year from my bank asking me to confirm ""suspicious"" charges (all my own purchases thankfully)."
0	We are So-Lo-Co.
0	Quiet, fool, before the emacs folks hear you!
0	"It's massively popular, they've just failed to make money off that popularity. So if it fails, someone will say ""we're going to be the new Twitter, but we're going to make a profit off it"". It's not as if we'll sow a new mentality closer to the heart."
0	Somebody in Financial Reporting is filling a cardboard box with the contents of their desk.
0	They spent a ton on their office space, and I cannot imagine what their payroll looks like.
0	Insider information off the public facing Internet?
0	Graphene will change everything
0	I don't use Tor, but I was intrigued when I learned about it a while ago. But then I learned that the NSA and friends was participating in the network (I guess so they could snoop on it). So is it safe from snooping, or is it pointless?
1	people that want to fix what they fuck up? maybe get people to like them again? good luck making money with that buisness model
1	oh? they listened to there consumer base and did what people wanted them to do? what horrible people
1	So yeah clearly it's government regulation that's causing all these problems. If we just gave them less to worry about (like gov't grants without strings attached and no worries regarding anti-competitive business law) then surely they'd be able to provide fantastic service wherever it might be needed.
0	he became a turd in my eyes when he started putting gambling in his games through the crates/keys bullshit
1	300Kbps is perfectly fine. Why do you need faster to check your email?
0	Why can't ad blocker companies have a mode for sites like this that actually download the ads like normal, but do not display them. That way the site would never know you did not view it.
1	As opposed to the non-rural areas in Gainesville? :P
0	they should name it the *Oswald Bullet*
0	Look at what presence in China means for Apple. I get downvoted most everytime I say it, but Apple is working closely with the Chinese government to prevent apps from being sold in their store if the government doesn't like the app. Any free speech app involving anti-PRC books, Tibet, are banned. Most likely due to APIs the Chinese government can access to remove content. That means capitalism has evolved to where we have a corporation taking in a ton of profit thanks in part to working with a totalitarian regime.  Capitalism doesn't care if you like free speech, it just wants cash.
0	Except there is eBay, online forums to trade or purchase it as well and other ways to get your hands on it. As I stated before, piracy is a void-space in the marketplace. You want a digital version to play on your phone, or handheld and it doesn't exist - so it's pirated.
0	ifixit gave both a rating of 1 in repairability, so they are similarly bad. At least the surface has a vague excuse with its form factor.
0	No, but it is slanted and dishonest. ARS 13-3405 does indeed make simple possession a class six felony. However, ARS 13-604 allows prosecutors to charge class six felonies as class 1 misdemeanors. ARS 13-901.01 prohibits incarceration for first and second time nonviolent drug offenses (with the exception of methamphetamine). There is no minimum sentence of four months as claimed by norml on the first two offenses, and simple possession is charged as a misdemeanor.
0	If you feel the need to affirm it, then red flags have already been raised.
0	Do you know exactly when and how it will release the decryption keys to the CPU?
0	"It's not true. The only thing that is staying secret are the negotiation documents. It's basically just ""The Making of the Treaty,"" not the actual treaty itself. The full text of the treaty will be visible for 2 months before Congress votes on it(assuming fast track authority is given)."
0	Implementing a huge law is more like someone dumping a couple million lines of code on you that's never been compiled and telling you to trust them, the first time you need it it will compile fine.
1	lol, get him to show you his birth certificate while you're at it - there's another thing that doesn't exist
0	The letters are like right next to each other.
0	True, but this one seems pretty intuitive to me. Can you imagine the chaos of 10,000 companies sending armies of lawyers and lobbyists to bicker over every word in a document thousands of pages long?
0	Because if it's passed it'll fuck us
0	Ok a pun thread has to have a common theme. You can't just start writing random phrases with the word.
0	Even Google couldn't match Google Fiber's speed and price nationwide. They aren't even entering Oregon until they get changes in the law to reduce their tax burden. So I think it might be presumptuous to just blame shareholder capture for Comcast not doing it.
0	Or you could just replace the switch yourself.
0	This made the news? Weve had that for years here in Europe.
0	Can you actually flash open source codes onto automobile computers and replace propriety software? If you can replace the propriety software with a free one, what part of DRM can they even enforced anymore? Technically, we are no longer using their software. We don't need their license to make the hardware work.
0	"Why does the service van say ""Jean Claude Van Damm"" across the top?"
1	Was Gandhi a vicious totalitarian dictator?
0	The coloring book gathers information on its users such as age,race, color selections,color usage, type and brand of coloring utensil, and location of user. All data collected is anonymous metadata.Please sign the EULA on the second page for further information on data collection and restrictions on use.
1	I am sure that's all there is to it.
1	Sounds like they need more time.
0	Even if they made them very lookalike, at least the beekeepers would notice.
0	Your solar panels can't store energy at-all.
0	But if we all chip in itll be like one quintillionth of a thing
0	I think he means the excess power that the generator is creating that is not being used can be stored in batteries.
0	Did he help kill the merger, or delay it until there is a more favorable administration in charge?
0	Where I live in the U.S. Electricity is cheap and abundent (Thanks T.V.A.). My prices don't fluctuate day or night. So the only benefit I can find for me would be a backup in case of a power failure. That's a lot of money for something that happens once a year.
1	As a Nexus 6 owner there is still a little more room in my pocket
0	The ultimate redemption story.
1	Fuck you and your free speech if it makes the government or a large corporation look bad.
1	Yea they payed him to stop the merger and create net neutrality rules, makes total sense.
0	"You claim ""loads of technical understanding"" and you link to a sub called ""futurology"" of all things... the unintentional irony is pretty thick."
0	Be aware of heresy.
1	Hooray, more fucking DRM!
0	Without even reading the article, I'm going to assume the title was blown the fuck outta proportion to get more page views.
0	except there is a method of allowing silverlight to be recognised on chrome.
0	You care enough to post in the comments about it.
1	I might have to cry on the fact that this monopoly wasn't established under the idea of giving great value for customers.
0	It never left .to for me.
0	Well, while people are busy celebrating I'm sure they will already be moving into the next phase of their plan, if this part of the plan was ever meant to go through ta all. I suspect they're doing that thing where you try to do something atrocious, only so the awful thing you really want to do seems acceptable in comparison.
0	Wow, I remember playing with that as a kid, some time in the late nineties.
0	"when your company swallows the next largest competitor and your argument for it is ""there will hardly be a change in competition"" you know something is messed up"
1	We did it, reddit!!
1	Because he is the person who decides to be Hitler
0	Apple doesn't use SATA for their SSDs. It's a PCIe interface.
0	It does tend to skip people though.
0	Ask them if they put curtains on their windows and close them at night?
0	what california did, hire an independent third party to district the state.
1	No way ! This was *totally* **not** known before ! Like, many years ago !
1	Republicans are doing some great things
1	Freedom?  Progress? Americans do not need those!
0	Now to defeat the Trans Pacific Partnership
0	It's also not gerrymandered.
1	Psh there aren't any have-nots because people in Zimbabwe have it worse than us.
0	However if it is just a optional clientside modification, is it really harmful?
1	Seems legit.
0	First off the article title is misleading since this is a presentation of the fingerprint frameworks in general not specifically the S5 and you've linked to blog spam that provides no real information instead of the actual presentation.  Second, the largest issue from this is that the age old discussion of biometrics used as authorization vs identification and that the trustzone, just like every other system, is not infallible due to vendor implementations being potentially incorrectly setup like isolating the finger print scanner device.  Not a ground breaking presentation but interesting.
0	"Did I say the word ""protest""?"
0	no f'n wonder the servers are always busy - people are snooping snoo.
1	Just download more spectrum !!
1	Ah yes, those douchebag customers who *forced* the telcos to release mobile hotspots and usb dongles, then twisted the arms of laptop manufacturers to include SIM slots and wielded their mighty power to force ATT to provide service for them. They're the real problem. I take your point.
0	Facebook said the study did not track the exact words and letters that users typed, but whether or not they typed something.
0	That's probably the smartest course at this point.
0	hipstercide
0	I wonder how bad the power factor is on cheap LED bulbs like this?  I doubt they have any kind of correction for that price.
1	But but but.... We've already spent so much money creating this unconstitutional mass surveillance business. We can't just dismantle it!
1	He just did.
1	A major exploit in one of the most popular phones in the world?  Yeah that is certainly just anti apple rhetoric!
0	Patch Tuesday, though.
0	please and thank you
0	I use extremely little data. I might have a need to look up an address or check my email on my phone once a month. Paying per byte would be the best option for me.
0	Catch 22. They have no priority to roll out to an area with no subscribers.
0	This is the way electric prices are set for consumers in fully deregulated states, but there is *so* much regulation to protect consumers against 10,000% price swings and gouging that they basically can't buy time-of-use.
0	Wow. I always thought in the us that the cap was like 20gb. (I'm paying 20 dollars for unlimited 4g in the UK and I haven't been throttled when I hit 15gb)
0	Economically, unlimited plans make no sense. People who consume more resources and derive more benefit should be charged more. The issue is just setting a reasonable price point.
0	Tom Cruise
0	"Canuck here. Have a PAYG Sasktel plan  that would let me roll over data to the next month so long as I topped up $ again in 30 days. Fine, sure. 6 months in, they change their policy: No more data rollovers, to be ""more competitive"" and match what other providers were doing. Well, Fuck You Sasktel, that's one of the main reasons I went with you in the first place. This isn't a damn race to the bottom. Guess how much data I've bought since? Zero, zilch. With free WiFi and a paper map of the city for directions, I am not missing it. And for the 5% of time when I think it would be nice, I can make do without. I'll load up on my next road trip but in town is not necessary."
0	Having had both T-Mobile and Sprint recently, their coverage is vastly improved of late.
0	That isn't what a monopoly is at all.
1	Because accusing people of rape is just as bad and ruins lives the same way as the actual, violent, life-altering, suicide-inducing act of rape.
0	The problem with software (and music/movies/etc) is that the cost to produce something original is far greater than to purchase and reproduce.  If you want to reverse engineer a physical item you buy, a significant amount of work will be involved, even for simple objects.  If you want to make coat hangers, you have to make or buy a machine that makes coat hangers.  If you buy one and want to buy more coat making machines, you have to then learn about all those parts, and so on and so forth... but soft objects don't have to deal with that.  If we treat them the same as hard objects, it will completely destroy the drive to produce those products because as soon as you produce something of value, everyone can get a copy.  Even if you DRM it, people *can* crack it.  So honestly, I think that it *should* be treated differently. I maybe biased though because I want to make a living creating digital content for people, but I can't do it for free, and don't have the base to do something like live shows of some kind.
1	You sick criminal pirate bastard! You literally took food out of someone's mouth by doing that!
0	"Having worked in the IT/Technology field for 20+ years,.. I'm of the opinion that Windows track-record is significantly more ""dirty"" than OSX. (all things considered equally). I'd rather sit down to a Mac any day than Windows."
0	You're unlikely to see a difference unless your engine is modified. ECU modifications are usually used when you upgrade the exhuast system as the engine can take advantage of this increased flow. It can be a complicated procedure that can take hours by a professional. Ignore eBay 'tuning' chips, they're often resistors affecting the MAS (Mass Airflow Sensor) that trick the engine into adjusting the fuel/air mixture, but don't take into account RPM/throttle positions etc., and can be dangerous and fuel inefficient.
0	For about the same price I got a USB OBD2 reader which came with pc software, so on top of reading codes and diagnostics it can display real-time data like temp sensors and ignition advance that you won't have on your dash dials.
0	Fuck your stupid ass links all over your page wired. That's some pleb level shit right there.
0	See? All you need is a $20 bluetooth obdII adapter, a $5 app, and a $3000 oscilloscope. Oh, and the knowledge to use them and piece the information together. But just take it to AutoZone and throw an O2 sensor at it, right?
0	Kid settled though, so Microsoft got away with it basically.  No precedents set, no major public change.
0	Anyone who can't figure out how to read the code has no business trying to fix the problem anyways.
1	Gee, who could have possibly predicted that the DMCA would be abused in such a way in order to screw consumers?
0	gotta keep that value up now at all costs, dont we!
0	Well, he said that there is a wage gap when there isn't.
1	I never tough there was a positive side. It's nice to learn I was wrong.
0	It gets the simpletons who can't read beyond a headline onboard.
0	North America is best America.
0	Turns out they were too optimistic.
0	What if I pay someone to just put it into their player and let me watch it over the internet...?
0	No, they and you are both wrong. That's what the downvotes are for.
0	"Make them genre-specific.  ""Show me a stream of random spy action movies,"" for example."
0	If they gain entry via a ruse, they are only allowed to use evidence they observe during the entry- generally they look for enough evidence to get a warrant (establish probable cause), then they can come back with a warrant and really search the place.
0	I don't know, I feel like that is actually the huge advantage Netflix has over traditional networks. I love being able to watch one continuous story instead of an episode at a time. I think curated Netflix channels could be a neat feature, but it's probably not the direction they want to head in.
0	There are always fixes in the browsers to assist with this.
0	Mostly no. Imagine trying to model real world climates by sampling 50 random dudes apartment thermostats. Tldr; it's completely meaningless in all possible metrics.
0	Chad was reduced to a part time producer and his responsibilities scaled waaaay back roughly around the time the perceived conflict between TWiT and Shwood/JuRY with Night Attack. Granted correlation does not equal causation, but it was an interesting decision. Especially since right before that they completely removed all traces of NSFW and FrameRate from TWiT's website
1	Not at all, every phone I have had has an fm chip that works with headphones. The thing is, the music quality is higher and more personalized on apps like spotify or Pandora. Also it is just horrible that T-Mobile doesn't count any music service towards your data usage.
0	It's ok... that new site will only be posting stuff that was on Reddit 2 days prior anyway.
0	He's a great Internet personality. He is famous for a reason.
0	In India Generally racism = discrimination based on social/appearance/religion. The idea of race (western sense )does not matter much in India  because in India we have other shit loads of discrimination going on .
0	Well then I suppose he *will* be coming inside.
0	I can order some Kush at that price, it just takes 3-4 days to be delivered instead of 15min.
1	There should be a tl;dr somewhere in the document for them to read.
0	A collective? You socialist savage!
0	Ah, that is what I though was the case, and makes perfect sense. Damn overload of negatives confused me, as another commenter said.
0	Sorry about your friend. We haven't charged overages for data in 5+ years practically maybe longer. Are you sure the charges weren't for something else? Did they give you an itemized bill?
0	I am seriously convinced you are only 14 years old now.
0	Sounds like a pretty good way to get murdered
0	They're not hitting AT&amp;T, or Verizon's core markets. They're taking out the little side markets, that they're core markets depend on to keep costs down. They're starving the beast slowly. And once they get the lion's share of those markets they can offer the core markets of AT&amp;T/Verizon at the prices they *used* to be able to afford to with their profit margins. See even if they don't make a dent in their core markets they'll force them to raise the prices, AND lower their stock because the profits will be down. Clever.
1	Sounds about right. Once San Antonio made it onto the short list of proposed Google Fiber cities, TWC *graciously* upped everyone's speeds by essentially one tier on their chart of service options. I'm sure it was purely because they care about the customer experience.
1	I love the tone of this... oh..hahaha... people are stabbing themselves over their choice of smartphone... lolz!
0	They broke the first rule of corruption club.
1	Portland really knows how to spend taxpayer money
0	Emptying the bin
0	Why else would the keep paying for it, if they didn't enjoy it?
0	smoking the blue blunt.
0	right, your legal system is fucked :P
1	"Sony and other content makers: how dare these ""people"" tru to access content we do not premit them access to"""
0	Radio-Canada on the other hand dominates the ratings in many categories. Tout le monde en parle comes to mind.
1	Nah dude. It's just easier to be pissed off at Sony
0	Sony is becoming more hated thing Microsoft.
0	This is the real answer.  FM radio gets less relevant each and every day.  Nobody wants to spend development time and resources trying to minimize FM static when there is no demand for it.
0	My M8 gas an FM radio too.
1	but the iphone is more expensive therefore better!
0	This does happen which is why there are laws against it. This would violate national and international antitrust laws, they would be sued for millions if not billions of dollars if they were caught. How do I know? I am an engineer and I recently had training at work regarding this issue, and then found out our company had to pay nearly 50 Million because of antitrust laws that were broken about a decade ago. It is really bad for them if they did that. And it is really really illegal.
1	So sue 'em.
0	Yeah, the big Chaebols are similar to big Japanese companies like Sony. It's not uncommon to see one division of Sony actually sue another division.
0	That means they can track you anywhere you go. NO one else matches your E-Fingerprint. Enjoy.
1	Should probably call up Apple, that might be something their company hasn't thought of.
0	I just assumed that google was doing this kind of collecting.
0	Blockbuster:video rental store::Kleenex:tissue paper disposable handkerchief.
0	If they can't open it, what makes them think he can?
1	but... the free market will solve all the problems!!
0	Yeah it's really weird when the comments stick to the topic of the original post isn't it?
1	There's no need to. There is no way our glorious, completely non-corrupt politicians would do anything to hinder citizens' freedom for something so minor as money and power.
1	This is EXACTLY why we need voter ID laws!!!
0	Virginia pls
0	Okay... we're just going to make a new rule. Before any politician is allowed to speak of, vote on, or think about creating laws regarding anything. They have to past a competency test in that area. If they fail it, they have to go home, study and retake the test in 2 weeks.
0	That's what governments do, bro. They write laws and regulate businesses. Note that the law isn't that Tesla isn't allowed in Maryland, but that a car manufacturer cannot sell directly to a customer.
1	Its ok.. i hear both parties are exactly the same.
0	I'm talking about t-mobile. Not your att plan. I actually looked at some of your other replies in this thread and realized you weren't all together that bright.
1	Yeah but we can let France deal with the radioactive waste
0	The blind optimism on reddit about things like self driving cars is nauseating, and mostly seems to come from the type of people who just discovered the internet in the past 5 years or less.
1	Yes love how the investment graph is the last thing you see on that page.
1	How very American
0	"First link in the ""Read this next"" section at the bottom of the article is ""Seven Reasons Cheap Oil Can't Stop Renewables Now""."
1	Once you split an atom you have two half atoms to split and thus it doubles the amount of energy.
1	its not like you can drive a tesla across the country and charge along the way for free or anything.
0	Try it for a few days(they have a free trial program). You might not have signal in your house BUT you might have signal everywhere else. It's pretty much different for everyone man but I can't believe it took me this long to switch from at&amp;t.
1	And my degree in Petroleum Engineering is totally worthless now too!
0	This is good for bitcoin!
0	Also calls can be delivered over 2g. Whereas data mostly get transferred via 3G and LTE. So calls kinda got their own spectrum.
0	You can't create competition for existing businesses.
1	C'mon, give the guy a break.  Chess is hard.
0	Holy Crap... Running iTunes to boot. Pass
1	Gotta keep people on their leash.
1	Seriously why did they delete the child porn and fappening subs?
0	Can failing a second time be historic?
0	Oh they were pissed. That spawned another month of arguing over hotspot. They wanted to 'upgrade' me to an unnecessary $15-$25 charge (monthly) against my will. I will use MY data I've paid for access to however the fuck I please. You don't come after me if I use my phone to play music for other people around, what comes out of my phone is none of their business.
1	They're correct. I just hate having unlimited data. All that bandwidth that I can use.....what a nuisance.
0	To b fair though this is a shitty gif even though it's all trying not be shitty.
0	If it's only plated then why would the word silver show from underneath instead of the word platinum just played in silver?
1	T-mobile and Sprint based service... Smashing success confirmed!!
0	Your comment doesn't even make sense. If you're so smart why don't you go ahead and explain what's going on since you seem to be privy.
0	If he is tried then I agree it should be a light punishment, community service or similar. The point is that it is still a law that was broken, luckily people know it wasn't done with any harmful intent so punishment won't be extreme.
0	I know that, but when an actual cell tower is on law enforcement property I'm saying I kinda wonder how easy it would be for them to intercept the communications of it. If they did that, they would have the whole towns communications. It's a village so it's not very big. That single cell tower covers the whole thing.
0	This was similar to the idea behind the local loop unbundling rules that were gutted from the title II regulations that will govern net neutrality.  We had this back in the 90's when all ISP's had the ability to use the Public Switched Telephone Network.  The incumbent ISP's were required by law to sell access to the PSTN at a reasonable rate. Wow look at all the competition we had. This is exactly what we needed to truly create some competition in the US. You know a real free market.  Instead we will be stuck with the same big ISP's unless a municipality wants to create their own network.   I have yet to see a republican ( the supposed supporters of free market) argue that these provisions are necessary for a free market. .
1	Agreed, someone should make a law against monopolies.
0	Seems like a waste of money.  CMOS cameras are super cheap, especially the 480p ones.  If thats all Taser has to offer, then they got nothing anyone wants.
1	who would've thunk that government-enforced monopolies are bad and that the free market is good?
1	Don't worry we have the NBN coming
0	Yep. I live in Austin, in an area that'll probably get the second wave of Google Fiber, and somehow AT&amp;T managed to roll out gigabit (speed tested at my house as 1gbps/1gbps) service a year ago (two years ago in some areas). Google has only turned on their service at a select handful of neighborhoods at this point. It's as if the infrastructure was already there and they just had to do some last mile wiring.
0	Right, so they should just remain in technological darkness in order to spite the telecoms. Would you apply the same logic for negotiations with water and power companies?
0	The worst part about this isn't their behavior, though, greed is greed. I'm mostly disappointed that the systems in place to keep this greed in check are totally failing. Isn't our government supposed to ensure that monopolies and collusion like this do not occur?
0	HDMI 2.0 is already out
0	I don't see a problem with this. Isn't this what the telco's did to get a few billion in government money to rollout broadband across the country? Didn't they just keep the money and do nothing?
0	That is correct. However some states have similar statutes, most classify it as the highest grade misdemeanor though.
0	Mine doesn't. And I haven't changed anything too drastically on it.
1	Because its not like the CIA monitors that
1	Cause it's all or nothing right? There's certainly no way this complex and technical issue might have any gradient of nuance.
0	Well, to put it in perspective, they used excessive force probably twice that.... so you know, all things in perspective.
0	I hate to say it but for the most part I don't have any issues with them. I get the speeds I should be getting and have about 95% uptime. I know that I am in the minority though, and if Google ever comes to Denver I am switching.
0	Seriously, if you make a genie kill the cast of archer someone will kill you.
1	Well with all this competition, Time Warner Cable is going to struggle, and it'll probably be a good thing for them to be acquired by a bigger company
0	Woohoo it's coming to slc!!!!
0	They're touching your genitals, not putting theirs inside your ass.
1	But I just got a salary raise!
0	The sheriff probably thinks that changing the mouse icon to a dinosaur is a malicious hack.  These are the people who are in authoritative positions.
0	If only my phone safely supported custom ROMs. Damn you, Verzon.
1	I imagine he'll be executed for his senior prank in the future.
1	Because I'm sure the NSA won't do everything in it's power to acquire all of the necessary pieces.
0	We have a shitty password system lets try and fuck this kids life up.
1	How bout we send that computer to jail it was an accessory in this God awful crime that caused hurt everywhere
1	Which is almost just as obscene!
0	Should instead have offered him a position at IT. But who am I to make suggestions for such a matter.
1	TERRORIST!!! Nsafbiciaatf arrest this person!!!
0	I think you're confusing a 4 year old and a 14 year old.
0	it's a prank, bro!
1	ZERO TOLERANCE!!!! THE NEXT TIME THEY COULD PLANT A BOMB!!!
0	They were already there, but officially could not sue until the rules become official, which means the lawsuits will start on June 12th.
0	"So what do you suggest; ""Despair and Conservatism?"""
0	The problem with an attack like this is you also send your target your address, and after a few ding dong ditches he is gonna stop answering the door.
0	Couldn't he decide to have it no longer function as a prison? Whether or not the base is open and whether or not the base is a prison are two very different things.
1	Oh yeah, but they're all just apathetic
0	For fuck all's sake, the NSA was just created to consolidate things that the US was doing anyway because it was a cluster fuck that led to things like Pearl Harbor.
1	I can now get healthcare with a preexisting condition and not go bankrupt keeping myself alive. Man was I BURNED.
0	But, if everyone in on the list then no one is on the list.
0	"I don't for a second believe that any president can just ""end"" it immediately."
1	Oh man that's all I want, he's got my vote.
1	lol, yeah, that's why I was referring to.
0	Welcome to politics on Reddit, lol.
0	I'm interested to see what the nsa will find to use as slander against him to ruin his campaign. Clearly that is a major upper-hand that they possess when it comes to dissenters
0	It might just be my experience, but I see Libertarian posts reach the front page often, never have seen a Socialist one, their is lots of Snowden worship, hatred for Obama, but love from Rand Paul and Ron Paul, extreme anti government spying, but when it comes to corporations they say it is fine or they ignore it, look at how much this site jacks off over google and Elon Musk. Is it all that way? No, but dear god does reddit and even more so this subreddit obsess over corporations and Libertarian idologies.
1	Don't question the circle jerk, that's like the 2nd rule of Reddit.
1	i think we can all collective say this: yea right
0	Rand Paul exists to suck corporate dick.  There is nothing more he has to offer aside from that and random bullshit feel-good statements to make people feel nice.
1	Because Jews!
0	my point was that closing an off shore prison should be a heck of a lot easier than dismantling the NSA.  whether hes doing it or not, it certainly wasn't immediately, and both point to rand, most likely, knowingly lying through his teeth on this particular subject.
0	Because they both have corkscrew penises?
0	Yes? The $700 price jump and drop a year and a half ago and just yesterday was what, like a 15 dollar fluctuation?
1	So now my isp will throttle everything I do online! Sounds great
0	Define 'define'.
0	He never said WEP. Most WPA2 routers allow pin codes by default and this can be cracked reliably. A lot of them don't let you disable the pin. Even if the firmware lets you disable the pin completely, most people forget to do it.
0	Which category are they if they are hogging the left lane on the turnpike/476/80?
0	I agree, but a judge can't decide precedent based on an overzealous law firm's behavior.
0	Unless they were dumb as shit and wanted a gold phone case.
0	look around for gypsies
0	Couldn't they just amputate your arm further up and quickly attach a new arm at that juncture?
1	But if I'm not interested in buying it, then who is???
0	Not to mention errant clots.
0	Didn't Google quietly pay Adblock to let their ads through? I've been using uBlock and it's been amazing.
0	You're funny.
0	I want to be the first centar!
0	Seek a doctor of you have an erection lasting 35 or more hours
0	Ok sorry, hard to interpret over text only.
0	Proprioception!
1	Meh. Standard operating procedure for ISPs. But it's only bad, of course, when done by the Chinese government.
0	All the evidence we have suggests that the brain is the seat of all that makes us unique individuals, so why is this not called a body transplant instead?
0	You obviously don't live in Karen Bass' district.
0	What exactly do you think net neutrality is?
0	Alternatively ad block exists.
1	And before that China successfully spear-phishing Google and a host of others.  But NSA did all that too, correct?
1	"When ""9/11Was a false flag"" is the top comment, you just KNOW there's some quality content inbound..."
0	Microsoft should just make a more efficient version of Windows to rival Windows.
0	I would recommend getting a powerline adaptor kit instead, especially if you are a gamer.
1	No representation sounds like part of the conditions that led to American Revolution. You guys should rebel and start your own country!
1	Freedom is a priviledge reserved for the American People. This should be known by now.
1	Who are you? The ghost of steve jobs trying tomstifle this guys creativity? Sheesh.
0	Or Valve. Drool! Have you read the Valve employee handbook? It is absolutely amazing how they empower their people through nudging and culture.
0	Proactive Electronic National Investigation System
0	NDA shouldn't be an issue, but a prospective new employer coming across it might be.
1	Don't forget all the WMD Iraq had. They definitely had WMD's.
0	Shhh we don't talk about Bandar Bush's buddies.
1	"Because they said ""don't be evil"" once, which means they should totally be allowed to take over the entire planet, and that they are incapable of doing anything evil!"
0	"Instead of ""Netflix for Pirates,"" a more apt nickname would be ""The Pirate Bay for Idiots"""
0	You make it sound more nefarious than it probably is.  Yes, there was information about potential attacks floating around in various agencies but it was incompetence not a long con on the American people that let attacks get through.  Of course once the attacks happened manipulating public fears into getting involved in a completely unrelated conflict *cough* Iraq *cough* was completely immoral.
1	It's good to know that this and the other surveillance programs really helped us stop all those terrorist attacks.
0	Wasn't there a reporter who's apple account was hacked because the csr didn't follow the rules regarding account verification? It was an inconvenience during an awful time, but the daughter wasn't the account holder and their neighbor was able to cancel easily by going to the local office.
0	Domestic, international. Wherever people want me to ship. I'll go step a further than Rand and promise to shred your address and never contact you again.
1	Because the rest of the world doesn't have much money and isn't as free as America. Please wait. We will drop ~~bombs of~~ freedom on you. Just give us a reason.
0	Not an overnight charge, you can get about half a charge in 20 minutes, full charge is closer to an hour
0	I'm sure if I had a surface I would feel different.  I used to hate apple's UI, until I read some HCI stuff about infinite pixel depth at the top of the screen and realized they got it right.
1	Bytes are like 8x more advanced than bits
0	Ya'll are super aware of the other cars on the road. I barely know what I'm driving. And I've been driving it for 10 years.
0	Thanks, I thought it was longer for some reason.
0	Err... If you are referring to the Thunderf00t videos that tear this concept apart, then you clearly have no idea what you are talking about.  There is an overwhelming amount of evidence that suggests why Solor Roadways are completely impractical.
0	Oh yes, excellent point.
1	But can it play Crysis at ultra settings?
0	Hiring convicted felons is a really, really, really, really, really, really complicated subject.
1	Yeah, he'd be much better off with the unsupported OS.
0	Me too. So much cash.
0	I recommend anteaters, I think the reason should be obvious.
0	That was my point though, i use a VPN for netflix as well and if they were to cut off my account i would simply make another one, and if that didn't work, i'd pirate. lots of people would go straight to pirating, though.
0	I'm not sure what the deleted post said, but you can use Google Docs/Mail/Calendar offline
1	I can't wait for the Apple version that will cost $499
0	No reason *not* to if you don't plan on upgrading. It won't help anything having it installed if you don't plan on using it.
0	Its called per eptual image hashing. The images are reduced to black and white 8x8 pixel images, then, those 64 bits are used to compute the hash.
0	Again, thanks for your input to my future life choices, I'll bring up your specific concerns tonight with my SO.
1	Yeah, but they're famous, so they don't get the same expectation of privacy!
0	For 1985, when the article was written? It was dead-on-balls accurate.
0	they knew it all along!
0	If it's on their phone service, end-to-end, it would be VOIP so why couldn't they?  If it has to jump to POTS or the cell service then they have some deals to make.
0	It is, and unlimited data in those countries too
1	you mean not having a paywall to information is good? what a suprise
0	But, all those trucker jerbs?
0	Neither is being rich.
0	I believe you can.  I watched a diy on replacing Prius batteries about a week ago.  I believe Nissans have a similar enclosure.
0	No judging.
0	How will attempting to track people on the darknet make their jobs easier?
1	It will once it creates a black hole
0	That's a problem with the system in general, not the f-35. Companies constantly underbid and then pull bullshit later, but that's not exclusive to the F-35
1	Yes. Because one single vote is the only influence the senate president has over the senate.
1	And then lost when the next new car technology comes out. Waaa!!!
0	I rebuilt my 1957 Ford F100 to three phase ac. Its got twice the towing power now and it had a v8 before hand.
1	Yes, preventing people from voting on things is what democracy is all about.
0	You forgot Oligarchy
0	"""Some people they love to tell you ""Money is the of all that kills"". They have never been poor, they have never had the joy of a Welfare Christmas."" - Evercleafr"
1	As a West Virginia resident, I can tell you that WV has a lot of issues stemming from blindly protecting its own interests. Such as doing anything to protect coal mining regardless of what/who it hurts. As long as it protects coal miners, it's good. We can't have people who went directly into the coal mines from high school having to look for a new job! Protect them at all costs!
0	The last thing we need to do is making walking and physical exercise easier ... we're already well on our way to having people look like theyre from WALL E.
0	More or less everyone's going to do it. I'd rather my country prosper more than yours, if that's how it's going to be.
0	We know, we've used redddit before.
0	sadly as I get older, I realize this more and more.
0	You try drinking that and you might reduce the population in California.
0	Point of order. You're talking about Libertarians (notice the capital L denoting a proper noun, it refers to the political party). This should be distinguished from libertarians (lowercase l) which is a more general term describing the philosophy.
0	Look I'm just trying to help OP out with his paranoia over reading the permissions. Unfortunately if you want the privilege of using google's apps you have to comply to their terms. It's the simplest negotiation in the book. If you don't like the barterer's minimum price, move on to the next vendor.
1	People would rather have cancer than autism.
0	Dat pump and dump.
0	Let me clarify.  He is not, in fact, an enemy of the state, assuming you define the citizens as the state.  The powers that be, that want to keep doing their underhanded crap see him as an enemy.  I don't consider them to be the state, nor do I consider him to be an enemy of the government.  He is technically a criminal, I suppose, but he is most definitely a patriot, and I would say that he is a friend of the state, state being defined as the populace.  Corrupt assholes are trying to paint him as an enemy.
0	Mommy, the judicial system is getting too close to the car!
0	I agree, but I also think it should be something that's limited to paper records and not posted online where it can then reside in all kinds of databases and haunt people's lives forever.
0	Forcing loads of dodgy cheap porn sites to start requiring visitors to hand over credit card details or other personally identifiable information as proof of age - what could possibly go wrong...?
0	Sugar... in water!
0	Feinstein is a thorn in our collective sides, and a direct affront to everything liberal policies are supposed to stand for.  Can the Democrat party remove this nutter and put someone sane as a runner?
0	And the note 3 is made of plastic. BOOM!
0	Robots. Rocket. Space. Sun. Done.
1	I like how you extrapolate that into a direct attack on you and wax into an emotional passive aggressive attack.
0	I love Bernie, but who knows if he'll still be the same lucid, intelligent man that he is in 2 years. For every one Bernie Sanders, there are 10 old fuckwits
1	but we dont want any james bonds rolling around and shotting us with their super silent guns and bullets!!
0	Anarchist cookbook??  I wonder if its even been updated, or if they are referring to the ancient version from the 70s.
0	"I am admittedly saying this a place of ignorance, I find it impossible to believe that any other system could approach how fucked up our system is.  Except for perhaps the NHS (my apologies if that's where ""here"" is), what with England and America seemingly such kindred spirits on anything that makes you face palm."
1	Maybe Logan's Run had it right...just for a different reason.
0	"We should invent some kind of entity that would help people collectively work together.  We could call it a ""corporation""."
1	Well, so long as the FBI needs to catch it's own internal plots against the security of the nation we *clearly* need to censor the internet.
0	It's a valid concern, but I feel like this generation is more at ease with a rapid expansion of technology. They can handle sudden tech booms changing how we live our lives every 3-4 years. They grew up adapting. It's in their nature.
1	I don't know what this assclown is talking about.  Apple products just work.
0	I'll be in my bunk
0	Because he exposed our government breaking it own laws which makes them illegitimate and they know it .
0	That might be because it is money laundering.
0	can confirm, using a win xp machine at work still.
0	I think that the issue with the Indian trial was that the methods used were kinda sketchy. I'm signed up for the emails from the Vasagel Team. I'd donate if I had any disposable income.
0	That's my feeling exactly, I'm a bit relived that this isn't a prevalent opinion even amongst religious people in Indiana. Like you said, it seems to be just a far right subset.
1	But I love the CNET downloader!!!!!
1	And non-business people are altruistic and have no interest in self-preservation or self-interest.
0	Well you're a brown towel!
0	Fellow SFDC employee here, they actually match $5k annually, and you need 48 hours to get the $1k grant! Get out there and volunteer!
1	You have no idea how this works, do you?
0	Not true. The federal government could arrest anyone in Colorado for selling weed, they just haven't and don't want to go to court probably. If someone was discriminating against a religion, race, or any other protected class in Indiana, the federal government could charge them.
0	can't you just go to india to get it done?
1	Fucking altruist companies and they're blantant altruism. They're obviously only doing it so that their consumers, employees, shareholder, and management team can feel better about themselves. *Sigh* Can a corporation be any more self absorbed?
0	I am so for a real third party not any of these that have popped up as of late, THE RATIONAL PARTY would be a good one.
1	Yeah they said the same thing about Jim Crow Laws. Worked out well for African Americans.
0	You mean to say that early adopters pay more and that helps to bring about price drops for regular consumers. Wow! That is unheard of in technology circles.
0	Criminal Minds is the worst offender. I would love it if they spent like, 30 minutes one episode just putting together the most elaborate profile of some women hating, mid-30's, white male and then in a shocking, self-aware twist the killer is like some pre-teen asian cheerleader or something.
0	Let's not pretend there was much in Indiana worth saving before this law passed.
0	Sure, but they're gaining shares, which is good. I would be totally fine to have a full windows system with actual working apps and cross platform.
0	Seconded. There should be a subreddit about surprisingly interesting stuff.
0	Are you sure you linked to the right page?
1	Chromebook!
0	Well, DuckDuckGo provides a sponsored link and doesn't track you, so there's that. And they survive somehow.
0	I wonder about this thing. The current trackpads are fantastic but the new one removes mechanical motion for fake feedback from a motor. Im not sure which system is prone to break more. I prefer not to have motors in things because they get loose and rattle but my test with the new trackpad felt almost the same as the old one. Really felt like it was depressing.
0	So I guess everyone in Silicon valley is a moron? Did you even read the comments above?
1	Like the new surface 3 pro! It does all the things right that everyone else does wrong!
0	Adblock plus won't stop them from spying on users, but a VPN would.
0	This is actually why I moved off a chrome. I kept getting fake extensions that were adding ads everywhere and having shit installed that I didn't authorize.
1	Yeah, that's why I read all my terms of use for every product I purchase. Especially software!
0	No they don't. Fake Blizzard games were in the store a bit back.
0	Wat?
0	That title is the worst quadruple negative I have ever read.  What is it really saying?
0	How many cities actually have it right now.  Sure Kansas city is finished for the most part but have they even hit 50% of Austin or Provo?
0	Works fine for me.
0	wow finally its going to get some apps
0	Well fuck... There goes the neighborhood.
0	Anyone know whether if it's possible to select the language of Windows 8.1 (and Windows 10 upgrade)?
1	What? They respond to market forces? That's bullshit man, that's not even fair.
0	Also, if the professor shares PowerPoint's, you can copy and paste figures into one note rather than trying to scribble something down in a notebook.
0	I might be totally off base as I don't follow microsoft news too closely but it seems like the company has been doing so much better since Balmer left...
1	Because everything online should be free
0	404 (File not found) would not be a correct response for an invalid domain in the first place.
0	I do recommend PIA, I use them and they have been decent to me.
1	It's not enough!!
0	Popcorn time?
1	But free.
1	Reddit would never try to fake the effect of a community
0	Totally arguable whether they sell your data, granted
0	ITT: Too many shills too many shills
0	Has he tried to outlaw gay marriage.. oh wait no. In fact he thinks that government shouldn't be in the marriage business.
0	I like this.
0	I would probably be the best possible outcome.
0	And why did they die? Because they couldn't get help.  And why couldn't they get proper help? Because drugs are illegal. and we don't know enough about them. Why don't we know enough about them? Because they're illegal.
1	They should have put a horse mask on it to up its approachability.
0	Before you talk shit, let's see you donate 6.5 million to charity. And post proof to reddit.
1	Stock prices are based on popular opinion of tech gadgets, not profit and expected growth &amp; return. DUH
0	We are back to the feudal system and companies are the new feudals of the world.
0	If that was available on a netflix like service that's a huge amount of money they are missing out on. You are not disproving anything.
0	I've been up and down their site and I can only find like, six or seven good ones. Ten **max**.
0	but does it know why kids love the taste of Cinnamon Toast Crunch?
1	What an asshole, he should donate more.
0	Just skip to the part where we give it the launch codes and stop wasting humanity's time.
0	How is that different than what Ford is doing if they require a licensing fee to use their patents on electric vehicles.
1	"UPVOTING this post because it has the word ""Tesla"" in it!"
0	They passed a weakened version the carriers are challenging in court. I'm not sure when it actually takes effect.
0	I'm not sure I consider the judiciary ordering the blocking of torrent sites as *censorship*. It's no different to the police closing down high street stalls selling counterfeit goods.
0	"You should do a TED talk: ""how to use pants"""
1	Encryption kills!!!
0	I have my friend the NSA for that ;)
1	This is totally going to do the trick. I'm sure they have no way to obfuscate their IP's... Also, it's very likely that government policy will be dictated by naked people.
1	If only we could run the government like we do private business.
0	As if they don't have hard drives full anyway. You think you get stable internet in a war zone?
0	You can setup domain login through VPN, if you desire, on the standard logon screen for windows. You can even deploy it through GPO. That way all you have to do is have a computer connect to the actual network and they're golden for remote network access.
0	Hands at 10 and 2.
0	Well, they are licencing their patents for a fee, so no. The article is pretty shitty and the headline is just awefull.
0	I heard it was because of racism.  The man is keeping him down.
1	Right he's such a racist living in the Philippines around people of a different race than his own.
0	Think of it like this. With Hulu you are the customer, with A blog you're the product.
1	Fair pricing and actually good internet speed. How dare you demand such things, peasants??!??!!?
0	Not something I would expect from such a long established corporation.  Neat.
1	But first, we need to argue over who to blame then force them to fix it... because that's more important.
1	Hurr durr you're now on a list
1	Oh. Only $1500 a set?  I'll take three.
0	I'm not saying the system works now. I'm saying it can. We haven't reached the point yet where public opinion doesn't matter. It's not too late to harness the democratic process.
0	"Well yeah, but it's not really ""just before the dawn"""
0	In most states not without the threatener holding a weapon and making movements with it. I can lounge in a each chair on my lawn and tell people I will rip off their head and shit down their throat so long as I am sober and unarmed.
0	like selling customer data to third parties and tracking every single fart you do when you use their services?
0	"I agree, but people will say that you are ""destroying"" the solar industry by charging solar customers more."
0	That is not at all true and varies considerably by state.
0	I don't know about that.  I'd think any HOA violation would be a civil matter, not criminal.
0	You're right, no US government official cares about his warez history. Just wanted to say that there actually is solid reason not to like the guy.
0	The simple answer? Trust me on this one.
0	That's super unfortunate you are having a tough time with it. I can guarantee that your issues are definitely in the lower percentage of cruze owners... Anyone I know who has the 1.4 turbo 6 speed absolutely loves it. I don't have any of those issues. Now the 2.0 on the other hand... Eww.
0	I am using linux
1	Yeah man, there's a thriving black market for solar panels, they'll just trade them for crack.
0	No, I havent fanboied for any other make, its just chevy makes garbage(and is run by morons) and Im still pissed my tax dollars went to bail them out for making shit cars and running their business like shit.
0	Even if that were the case, it doesn't seem like they are selling as many in the same timeframe relative to growth in the smartphone market as a whole. Every year more and more smartphones are selling, huge double digit growth, and yet Samsung hasn't had any of that in years it seems. They aren't keeping pace with the market, which means they are shrinking relative to it. Apple has had the same issue, but Apple is still showing better growth in numbers year over year compared to Samsung it seems.
0	Yeah, but you'd be surprised how many people that would actually understand it don't do this.
0	Joke's on them, I'm too poor for a new car! 94 Accord fa lyfe!
1	Because all animals incapable of fending for themselves are extinct
0	'99 grand prix
0	Yes I do! Awesome car and I have had no electrical issues, just water pump replacement needed due to a coolant smell. And if you drive it right you can get just around 47 mpg ;)
1	Now do you see why sometimes it is better not knowing where your food comes from?
0	Silly aequitas3. We're not a lab.
0	They're stem cells, who gives a shit? How many tens of thousands of cows die every year for meat, and you're going to complain about the use of stems cells from a few cow fetuses?
0	Maybe they sent it to space
0	So you went and looked it up but didnt link
1	You could've killed someone!!!
1	Data copied is still online.... shocking
0	Out him? Out the kid being arrested already..?
0	Ahh... the glorious spontaneous disassembly!
0	why?
0	Isn't internal affairs meant to do that?
1	My county makes me so proud
0	So he's smart enough to steal credit card info but he's not smart enough to realize what he's doing is wrong? Unless he's mentally unwell he should fully know what he was doing was wrong
0	No...Mid 1800's if IIRC, at least in the US.
1	It's all a secret plan by the conservatives to get people to vote against leaving Europe. If we leave the the government will take away my porn!
0	I'd be surprised if that many women actually signed up for this.
0	Adult Friend Finder IS a dating site. The fact that it is more geared towards casual hookups than eHarmony or something doesnt change anything, you still have to treat people like people!
0	My brother in law works for a small ISP, I'm not privy to all the details, but it's my understanding that they're not happy about this because of some kind of increased operating cost. I'll shoot him a text in the morning and ask him more about it.
1	but this is communism, they must work to earn a living!
1	That would *nevar* happen.
1	Since the beginning of time. Its human nature.
0	No, don't fuck him. He wants to get fucked.
1	Seems reasonable. If you own Monsanto or Syngenta shares. Got something against Capitalism?
1	What if they mean dial up, since it's 'speech' over the phone?
0	It is a google feature - what are you running?
1	I mean what could possibly go wrong?
0	Just because someone's paying $1,500/month to share an apartment with 3 other people, doesn't mean they have some sort of great living standards. There are people spending well over half their income on rent there.
1	Those evil evil women
1	You know what? That is fucked up. You're right. He shouldn't be punished. What he did was justified. Those women deserved it because they're disgusting women! Fucking sickos.
0	Spaces designed or based on homosexuality.
0	Yes, but outrage gotta outrage
0	Explain why that makes me paranoid. I am very interesting in hearing that.
0	Yes they will. Don't kid yourself.
0	Or they wont stoo
1	Of course. You can't be up to anything good.
1	Thank god. The importance of the telephone cannot be overstated in today's communications.
1	Yeah, they'll totally stop because it's no longer legal.
1	pairing requirements include; access to your contacts, gps, bank records, driving record.
0	You just need a heavier bird shot. If you're far enough out in the country, buck shot would knock just about anything down.
0	Yeah, I agree on that respect should just use the bill number.
0	Or keep Rand out of the building.
0	Why would there be no difference. The culture in the US is significantly different from the UK. it'd be similar to arguing that there should be no difference in level of smoking or obesity between the two countries.
0	Found the MRA.
1	This is just what I wanted
0	\o/ i know this guy. Too bad to see such reaction from companies whose vulnerabilities were honestly reported.
0	"""Keep on truckin'"""
0	Oh it is. I guess I don't know what you mean by a home button. Like on the Galaxy series?
1	Who cares what Americans think? This is a democracy and only what corporations think matters!
0	How can you sue or tax a corporation if the corporation is not a legal person?
0	If he did just put it up on the internet would he be liable? I am not sure if you can classify what he did as hacking.
1	Why do you have something to hide?
0	TIL bug bounties.
0	It's not the access that is the major cause of alarm here, it's that it is being provided through an advertising/people tracking company - and, it's a group of selected sites.
0	Do they even need to pass the bills at this point? They can just move on to not even mentioning it .
1	But but but its the USA Freedom Act so it must be good right? Right?!
1	But then it wouldn't be a protest.
0	As a first guess of a bill's intent, just read the title and presume the opposite.
1	are they going to pay this out to the users they've fucked over?
1	OMG you mean people in Somalia aren't going to have the ability to stream Netflix??!?! What a violation of their fundamental human rights! They should clearly have no internet instead, this would be far more just.
1	"""torrent"" means illegal filthy pirate scum!"
0	Comcast knew they were about to get bent over when FCC saw what they were doing on this one... and decided any deal is better than the asswhupping they were about to get.
0	"Seriously.  I was excited to get a 12Mbps line.  Then I got my PS4.  Now I'm just like ""what's this slow bs"" every time I want to download a game.  It's crazy.  Also, I think AT&amp;T throttles my porn.  Which, I know, sound dumb, but I pay for it to have glorious 1080p on-demand porn, and dammit, I want it to stream well.  Works just fine through a VPN. -_-"
0	Bloomberg: desperately fighting change for a few old white guys
0	Sorry we don't do petitions here. However, if you would like to make a self post telling us all why we should care about this issue and how it relates to technology that would be allowed.
1	Yeah that sounds like a good democratic policy.
0	do they have to renew every law in america or is it just this one that needs renewing?
0	This would be fucking epic
0	Yup. Scroll down to your state and call both senators. Tell them (the secretary who answers the phone) you are an active voter in [your state] and that you oppose the extension of the PATRIOT Act. Takes 30 seconds each.
1	And the free market works!
1	Never heard someone in Reddit with this point of view before
0	If she was running, I'd apply for American citizenship just so I could vote for her.
1	Cause living in a prison is so safe.
0	Iraq is sooooo 2004.
0	Democracy in action!
0	Thanks for the help, enjoy the gold!
1	But I'm paying $30/month!! That buys me a business class T1 line that I should be able to use however I want, right, right?
0	They can't read YouTube comments into the record because that would be cruel and unusual punishment.
0	He's a Republican. Therefore evil, according to reddit.
1	I'm sure that the NSA will obey the law if their authority isn't renewed.
0	And shit for brains. Not sure that balances out.
0	It = all cool
1	taking away distraction improves concentration.. what a surprise
0	"To appear ""hip"" and ""with it"" to the tech crowd.  If we let our kids dick around on facebook and instagram everyday, surely they'd grow up to be great scientists and engineers."
1	They couldn't drive it that far
0	"Obamas like ""they will bend the knee or i will, ehhhh, destroy them."""
0	"Right, and they can't for a number of reasons. I'm for direct sales but the current outrage about it is a little misguided. Its always presented as ""X state banning/blocking Tesla sales"". When technically its that Tesla doesn't want to comply with current laws."
0	Because Texas's idea of big government is building a rocket fuel factory next to a elementary school.
0	Good Ole' Texas. Where the government tells you what to do. What happened to freedom?
1	Nuh uh, all of my preconceived Texas stereotypes are accurate.
0	Car dealers are just mad they didn't come up with it first
0	Eeevery car I've seen already had a like a mile or 2 on the counter though, from tests, and changing places like going from lot to lot.
1	It's scientifically proven policymakers can't think past their own term
0	I got boxes and boxes of Pepe!!!
0	I've worn glasses everyday for the last 20+ years, they seem pretty comfortable to me.
1	Of course it does.
0	Which is a shame, they have some pretty good stuff.
0	Less crazy, more shithead.
0	Only the true derivative of Operation Blackout can stop this train of abuses and usurpations.
1	Oh no! What a terrible loss!
0	Minimum wage, increased taxes, increased financial regulation, forced comprehensive sex ed, increased labeling of GMOs, supports restricting the second amendment. Not making a judgment on any of these positions, but that's what I found in about 3 minutes.
1	Who?
0	The board handles the firing the CEO usually. People who own the company, or their representatives, fire or hire CEO's.
0	Flat taxes suck for the poor, unless its set so absurdly low tgat theres no point even having taxes. 5% is the difference between eating or paying rent or getting essential medical care to someone working minimum wage job(s). Whereas someone in the upper 1% could take a 95% tax and still be substantially wealthier than the average American. What part of that is fair?
1	glad to see both freedom loving Dems from Washington supporting it.
0	The only way she's leaving office is in a casket. Winning against her would require support from the Democratic party.
1	Yah because Rand has really flipped and flopped on the issue, so who knows
1	But Americans will *feel* safer!
0	A guy figures out a way to take the violence and fear out of an illegal market the government created and he is going to get hung out to dry for it. I guess the government wants as much violence as possible. Which is the number one tool of the state.
0	This is the sneakiest way around net neutrality yet.
1	Blame comcast
0	...No, no it isn't. At all. It's a hell of a lot easier to create a whitelist of allowed sites than it is to attempt to block certain media types. Why do you just say things that are as far from the truth as they could be?
1	Good job NC! You just keep making me proud to be from here!
1	Victory! It is now more difficult to run pirates sites with a .se extension! Taxpayer money well spent.
1	Poor people don't have bank accounts to protect!  They literally have *nothing* to hide!
0	How expensive does the internet need to be to pull this off for everyone?
0	But they will make less money, so they will not be able o have children.
0	MmMmmHhmmmhm!
0	That's why you have diagnostics hours, and just charge labour.
0	Ah. The fault light generally indicates that a sensor somewhere is reading a bad level and you should get it checked at your convenience. It's mostly for emissions because something not working within the correct range means more emissions. The larger problems are normally something you'd feel, hear, smell or see but during the warranty time frame they are generally less common.
1	What an exciting time we live in! Finally, companies can sell their products to consumers directly!
1	Ok so the congo has now entered pre-school. good for them
0	Uh, they put them up for auction specifically to prevent scalping.
0	Bay Area Rapid Transit
0	I agree wholeheartedly. If there's no way for competition to legitimately begin, then they know they can keep getting away with everything they do.
0	i avoid lyft simply because i hate that pink moustache thing.
0	They aren't even useful for anything without ECC.
0	I see what you did. You replaced the S with a dollar sign. How original!
0	Why would it. The market is anything, but all powerful. That's why we have governments.
0	I enjoy driving, hopefully when i'm older i'll have a look at building my own. Why is everyone so dead keen on autonomous cars?
1	Piracy is *literally* theft, you know.
0	"cue ""Red Barchetta"" by Rush"
1	Yeah even a 6-year old understands their software, so it can't be very accessible.
0	Ive been telling people for years to not trust paypal, I won't use it at all. I would rather deal with bitcoins than paypals bullshit.
0	There is no central bank or govt that can engage monetary policy to stabilize it. Slight inflation encourages investment.
0	Ah yes, breakfast, the ultimate measure of control.
0	When I cut the cord I felt so much better without fucking reality TV. Then one night 6 months later, my wife and kids were out of state but I stayed cause I had work. I was drunk and there wasn't much going on, so I flip on Mob Wives, which I had enjoyed previously. Holy fuck, 5 minutes in and I shut it off. No idea how I got sucked into reality TV in the first place. It is all utter shit.
0	Half correct.  Windows 10 will natively run Android apps (yes, you can just install an APK), but does require a little bit of work to convert iOS apps using said developer tools.
0	Yeah but it's non-Union. That's where the savings come in. The writers aren't WGA, the actors aren't SAG, etc. they can be paid peanuts.
0	Well, they give away a car every season.  I think that product placement is allowable.  It's not like they are going to give away a *BRAND NEW GENERIC SEDAN!!!!*
0	Meh, stock android lacks many features touchwiz has.
0	And that's the price you pay when not buying the hardware made by the same people as the software.
0	And this after everyone here has said the bill expands the NSA surveillance and banks get immunity.
0	I'm concerned when you take the word of a liar to stand for something in the case of someone else not lying.
0	Good luck to them. This would do away with a lot of the complaints about turbines in the UK - that they're noisy, ugly, harm birds - fuckin nimbys.
0	I wonder if my msdn key will work.
0	Hawking's talking.
1	I'm surprised, I expected Microsoft to give in and just hand out free Windows 10 to anyone who decided they didn't want to pay.
1	Yup and soon the optimization becomes to eliminate all humans.
1	Yes, if only we could get the right guy in office everything would change for the better.
0	Wolfenstein: The New Order reference.
0	Well that is disappointing.
1	If they wanted to know our favourite apps, there are a load of news sites and blogs all about that. It's sad that an intelligence agency isn't already aware of this.
0	Chappie gonna get a new brain?
0	Norton will keep it safe for years to come
1	Apple is EXACTLY the reason this is happening. They've been strong arming labels against Spotify. All hail Apple! The supporter of competition!
0	Level 843 and I have not paid for any Booster or shit like that.
1	See what we could do without unions or regulations!!!
0	Wait, it doesn't try to not crash into things? That sounds terrible.
1	Technology doesn't exist, right?
1	Yeah. It was hard going to our local tech store and buying a CD.
0	oh okay cool
1	Wow a $500 selfie stick, I am impressed
0	Also 802.11 wireless is affected by moisture because of the frequency
0	You are clearly harassing me now. Under the new policy I give you a warning.
1	Yes, because the republicans have been champions of internet freedom.
0	Most of these suggestions break backwards compatibility severely, so no, it is not gonna happen.
0	it seems naive though. Imagine a bot claiming every combination of words under 100 characters as a domain name.
1	Companies are people too dammit!
1	That's what my parents taught me, and I trust them.
0	Because they have a D after their name and the Democrats don't have anyone else with a prayer of winning the white house in 2016
0	"Aaaahhh! Now the title of the Futurama episode ""Amazon Women in the Mood"" makes more sense!"
1	Yeah, roads are totally the same thing as the internet.
0	I like the reversed order. It is much more secure. You first see if you have encryption, then you quickly make sure the location makes sense, and finally you see who is responsible for the target. If these check out, you can assume the rest of the garbage won't lead you astray.
0	unfair, stupid, dumb, facistic, whatever you want to use, but these guys are not children
1	Because that distinction is absolutely essential for discussion.
0	Is that movie about Amazon Women on the Moon?
0	This has officially crossed into the realm of too much trouble.
0	it didn't predict it... it is the cause of it.
0	Christopher Stevens was not important enough.
0	I am mistaken. It will be revealed in 2016 and released in 2017. Sorry for the confusion.
0	Still not a FTC ruling. The FTC blog post is referring to a Michigan law recently introduced that would allow direct-to-consumer sales.
0	Being digital doesn't mean it isn't stealing.
0	That's uncompressed though- just like how standard 1080p BluRays are 25-40GB,
0	Thats what the people bribing them want you to think so we the people remove congress and then what? Have no voice in government?
0	It's worse than that. They don't even care about us enough to hate us.
0	Voiced by Gilbert Gottfried
0	Vote in a new congress. Replace all the current fucks as they have proven ineffective. ALL of them. Even if you 'like' them
0	well, yeah, actually caring about something in a deep way that isn't some sort of sport is an alien and uncomfortable thing for most people.
1	This should be great for all those apps (90% of the play store) that are serially locked because parallel computing isn't a priority.
0	I shall wait in the comments for someone to let me know why this isn't really a thing to be excited about.
0	Whether it's good or not it's one of the most visited news sites.
0	They should have tried it for a month free first.
1	"It's an ""up to"", it likely averages around 17-10/Mbs."
1	Yeah, no conflict of interest here....
0	So someone made this decision a decade ago and just never bothered to revise the policy. Efficient!
0	Of course. Antitrust laws are just scarily weak nowadays. Its the new gilded age, and we have been sleepwalking into it for a 30 years.
1	was this purchase with broadband reinvestment act funds?
1	Yeah, everybody knows legalizing pot and banning 'hate' are the real issues.
0	You are mistaken. You do not recall correctly.  Fire someone for their sexual orientation and get back to me.
1	Hey.  At least that employee wasn't a woman.  Imagine if he treated both sexes the same way on this issue...
0	Cool, more power to you. Personally I'm going to be strongly supporting Bernie Sanders, his polar opposite on everything *except* the NSA, who stands firmly against the plutocrats that Rand Paul wants to give enormous tax breaks to.
0	He kinda goes around the world at night, he doesn't sleep, he just flies around the globe EVERY night.
1	Which guy is that? I think I need your help in finding out the TRUTH!
1	Yeah but I heard onetime Paul didn't smile when he shook a Black guy's hand, I'm pretty sure he's racist.  Or maybe he's isolationist.  Or no, he's a neo-con, that's right.  Whatever just don't vote for him he hates you!
0	It doesn't matter if he's actively watching or not. The company should not be tracking employees when off the clock. She would have filed suit on the same cause of action in any case.
0	Well LA did have the Rodney King riots and the celebrities in Hollywood, so not sure if that means civilized.
0	Bernie Sanders.
0	Rand Paul is a Kock brother youth. Tread carefully when considering his ideals. This guy is figuratively Joseph Goebbels
0	This was a company phone. If she didn't like being tracked, she could have paid for her own cell phone plan and left the company phone at home/the office when she was off-duty. I'm not saying what the company did was right, and they probably shouldn't have fired her for the infraction, but she likely violated policy by deleting a required app from her company device.
0	There is a reason my pet snake is named Ted Kennedy.
0	So Telstra is the Aussie version of Comcast. Got it.
0	Why not?
0	Yeah and if you trust the megacorps of the world when you are protesting against the state (and frequently them too), you are nothing but a fool.
0	I didn't know that you don't have lights on the roads in The Netherlands.  It must be because all your light poles fell over in one of your storms.  Oh! Maybe it was because you built all your lights so low to the ground that the first truck knocked them all down!
1	There's always that statistical outlier that proves my unfounded fears about a fuel source that I've conflated with a weapon of mass destruction.
0	"Well, I've seen them advocate bringing guns on campus.  Anyway, depending on what they say, they might be untouchable in that regard- technically the government is ""controlling"" the Internet, but only in the sense of reasonable regulations that really needed to be put into place."
0	Then we could put solar panels onthe road roofs.
1	Can't trust this article it's from Al Jazeera.
0	Why not put a cover over all the roadways and put the cells on those? Then the roads would be protected from the elements, wouldn't face fluctuations of the power they produce when covered by vehicles, and wouldn't need to be produced to withstand impacts your average traffic.
1	You're totally right. We should never innovate. The math just doesn't work out.
1	Right, why even do the trial? You have already assumed the answer so what's the point?
0	No, it's one of the least useful locations to put them. An investment here draws money from actual solutions.
0	another reason its not a great idea is that during the day if there is traffic, the cars will be blocking the panels. When the roads are empty at night, there is no sun.
1	Reddit rushing to conclusions and getting something wrong??? NEVER!!!!
0	honestly id just run by your food court and pick up some plastics. put them on the top and youre good to go. if you're one of those folks who counts every. 0001 ounce, cut off the handles about half way
0	It hasn't even started yet.
0	Title is poorly worded.
1	Planned obsolescence isn't real!
0	Let me guess, they are going to raise rates for no reason and in the next 5 years see little network development and still record profits.  Fuck these rules certainly ruined us.
1	Pfft..this is ridiculous.  Freaking birthers/tea partiers/OCWS at it again.  Does anyone reallybtake these crackpots seriously??
1	breathe easy, don't break the law
0	Yep. Not since Ma Bell got broken up. Of Course, it then bought up a big chunk of the Baby Bells since then.
1	But these guys are just trying to tell people what they cant say and you want the government to stomp on that right.
0	One of the less intelligent things I've ever done was creating and very briefly using a Facebook account. I haven't used FB for at least three years, but cannot totally delete my account. When I figured out that I was an unwilling participant in a for profit operation driven solely on what I said on Facebook, I was outta there. I sure wish I could completely erase my presence from that blood sucking vampire.
0	"I recently found an old AOL disk and brought it into work as a joke.  My co-worker asked if people still used it, and I said ""oh yes.."" and then went on to explain about 'rural america'."
1	So let's try to force labels to stop allowing free tiers to competitors so that we can offer free streaming... Sounds fair.
0	Yeah, damn. Most users don't care about privacy and I get it. People want to share their lives and Facebook does it.
0	My father maintains his account because he likes a few of the writers on there for certain things. Its cheaper because he brings his own connection but I wonder if those subscribers are lumped into that 2.1mil
0	I pay $59.99/mo for the same exact speeds you're getting. What the fuck TWC. I fucking hate that company.
0	I don't think the market is as untapped as many people think. It's just a question if there is enough demand for that price and if the company actually makes a profit. If those numbers work out there are dozen of companies who will enter that market very fast and nobody knows if Tesla can keep up with that competition
1	But surely a responsible oil company would never use methods or pipes that had even a chance of failing!
0	They make enough that they can keep ramping up production while building out superchargers and showrooms. They can't build them fast enough to meet demand while growing something like 50% a year. They would have been showing a profit for a while now if they were not growing so fast.
1	Jeez the impact Bruce Jenner has on the world is unbelievable.
0	Press [E] to work.
1	That sounds better than providing internet to farmers, thats for damn sure!
0	You know that always is the case with any energy source? It all has to do with the scope your looking at. Have to look at the macro not the micro for this
1	poor Indians should be Grateful for getting this free of cost
1	"But what about the ""SOLAR FREAKIN ROADWAYS"" YouTube video??  Are you telling me that was a lie?"
0	they probably are
0	***ZING!***
0	Nuclear power will solve that problem for y.
0	But he is People Academics.
0	If it's possible, leave a paper trail after everything. Have a meeting with someone? Send a summary email. Have a phone call? Send a follow-up email. It's saved my ass a few times when my analysts would say I didn't do something (usually when I was helping pick up their slack). I'd just show my supervisor the emails with them thanking me for helping them finish their work. After a while their credibility was shot. You can usually tell who the lazy ass workers are - always leave a paper trail with those people because they're the first ones to blame others.
0	part of the reason i rarely print things and grew a beard
0	Man does that trigger ptsd.
1	"But they said they were ""sorry"" so they are actually good guyz rights??"
0	A dollar a day?!?!  Are there people that actually spend that much??
1	yeah, the name is the problem. Hope you dont spend too much money with the rebranding efforts
0	But, COMPUTRS R DUM!
0	Do you got what plants crave?
0	Keurig went after their own current and potential customers by presenting increasingly expensive, more limited options.  Apple simply added a sleeker, more expensive product to an existing mix.
0	Not people who drink k-cup coffee.
0	I've taken mine apart a few times to clear scaling caused by the super hard water by me. I've since taken to using only distilled water. Fixed the problem completely.
0	While it may not be a legal requirement it is a practical one.  At the end of the day the only two entities a corporation is responsible to are the government in which it operates and it's shareholders.  Now those shareholders can certainly decide they'd like the company to perform in a less than fiscally optimal way for various reasons but that rarely happens.  At the end of the day there just isn't any reason that a company would be responsible to anyone else.
0	well humans aren't as monogamous as people like to believe.
0	And kill their current business model? Oh Tom, you are an idiot or a liar.
0	"Lumia 520, from your description. My 620 is also getting Windows 10, which will come out two and a half years after the device's original release. And the ones that were ""custom"" for American carriers and abandoned by them can still get the latest released and pre-released version of the OS through the MS dev preview and insider preview apps."
0	At any of those high levels politics is the main driving force. Military, corporate, actual politics, it's all the same. You have to play the political game to advance.
0	That is much different than advertising features and those features being held hostage by a poor update schedule that is muddled by Google, the phone manufacturer, and then the carrier.
0	"I have a Nexus 6 and I stayed unrooted for the longest time. One day I was just like ""Fuck it"" and rooted the thing. Definitely not regretting my choice."
0	Agreed. And with the new Surface 3, not the Pro, I think MS will pull a lot if iPad users. Full OS for the same price as iOS. Unless Apple introduces an iPad Pro that runs full Mac OS, they are going to get competition.
1	Yeah, man! Just like when I had the iPhone4 and the 4s came out and SIRI was exclusive to it!
0	I really hate headlines like this because the way they're phrased, at first I assume that actual action is being taken... in reality this is just some writer's opinion. I happen to agree with it, but I really don't benefit much from hearing my own view repeated.
0	Google has been fragmenting their core system into updatedable modules and components.
0	Best you can do is find out who is at fault and not support them in the future.
0	Another windows only bug?
0	Isn't that the point? To get people to buy new phones (and thus new contracts)?
0	Was it ever 'effective'?
0	Must be too many dick pics to go through
0	Thank you for that link
1	Oh my god, I can't believe they've done this. Time for everyone to switch providers.
1	I'll say it first, I'm shocked!!
0	"I went into the verizon store to upgrade my phone recently... Fios rep tries to sell me since I'm moving soon. All I want is internet. 50/50 plan. He gives me the ""Special offer"" of 50/50 with the local cable channels and HBO for $75. I take a look at the channels listed that I would get... literally every one of them are channels I get for free with my HD antenna. He then also tells me I'd need a new modem / router (I already have a verizon router). Ended up just walking out. Went online and checked their internet plans. 75/75 plan for 50 bucks and all I have to do is call their hotline and say I have the modem. Took me 10 minutes and I saved 25 dollars a month plus equipment fees. Their sales people are fucking awful."
1	Verizon would never lie to get themselves more money!
0	No. Working is a trade off. Your labor traded for money. If they eliminate you, they eliminate the work you do. Someone else ha to do it or the output suffers.
1	They sampled 30 college students.  This is very thorough study that is evident of a strong trend throughout an entire generation.
0	Anyone who thinks Torrents has anywhere close to a big selection has never listened to anything less popular than fucking Freebird by Lynyrd Skynyrd.
0	They are here already. There's an alien in the kitchen
0	"Why's everyone acting as if that's a lot of money for Comcast? They aren't going to ""pass it on"" to anyone, they can just eat that loss. They don't care."
1	Yeah! Time for my bill to go up for them to recoup the loss!
0	Man I'm with you, I listen to a little of everything, but I've found a bunch of awesome bluegrass through spotify. No idea how I would've found half of it otherwise.
1	Used? You mean expired license?
0	How much do artists get from google all access or whatever it is I subscribe?
1	But a diamond is an investment!
1	Don't you know? Indie is a *sound* now.
0	damn woman it's a pussy not a clown car.
1	And more than one USB on your computer? No one needs more than one! Apple always has our best interest at heart.
0	Well done! You've illustrated one hell of a point.
0	I only buy full albums, so I don't know about single prices. I don't give time to look now, but there have been Amazon and Google down always sell what they say they sell. People have gotten different qualities. There's also don't evidence that they're sometimes transcoded which is very bad. Apple makes record companies use their own very strict software to encode music for sale on iTunes. It a plus make trans coding very unlikely and different formats and bitrates impossible.
0	Or you have to put *loads* of energy into recycling it and transforming the recycled products into something else
1	Apple doing something shitty?! No way!
1	Noo! I'm sorry, you're so wrong! If there's no free alternative, people will *really* feel they need to pay, and then will have to choose between Spotify or Apple's new service, and of course pepople will choose Apple cuz it'll be prettier. No one can understand this, jeez!
0	GM would have to go bankrupt like any other company, restructure, and come out better for it. Instead they're just doing the same old shit and they will fail again.
0	Well, not in Canada then. Sorry your guys' media companies are such pieces of shit.
0	That's some literal fascist bullshit couched in a wall of text. Fucking reddit.
0	I'm so sick of corporations that think only they should have the rights to make money off of something they had no hand in creating.
0	They are only 15% of global market and 45% of US smartphone market, not exactly dominating.  Their presence in europe and asia are negligable.
1	Exactly! Fuck companies that give you things for free, and fuck choice in general!
0	And Obama cancelled the space shuttle program. NASA is being hit from both sides of the aisle, unfortunately.
1	Well for IE and Safari, Microsoft and Apple has no choice. How else are you going to download Chrome or Firefox without the default browser?
0	I don't know if it's because more people use Chrome than FF, but until I really got good at Malware removal, I always found Chrome got more messed up than FF.
0	How is this even possible?
1	That thing could out fly radio frequencies alone
1	More money for the corporations, so it will trickle down to the rest of us!!
0	after that, we can finally sleep tight
1	If it doesn't come from the playstore it must have virus
0	Iphone users don't know that
1	B...but software isn't physical so why should i pay
0	How much bandwidth does that use?  Is it costing you money?
0	A lot of radio audio files are stored as .mp2 rather than .mp3. It's actually pretty standard in that industry.
0	Even if this was a REAL problem, Google will have fixed it within a decade.
0	because people in large cities love to have latest and greatest every new year.   New look, new phone, new house decorations and of course new car.  Otherwise you might seem out of touch with style and reality!
1	Right, because the world would be much better without police.
0	Now for brockton....please?
1	The free market will sort it out.
0	because they are technology illiterates?
1	bro my mac runs circles around your linderps. it does facebook better than anything.
1	*That game would have to take up a hundred floopy disks to be considered excessive*
0	To be fair that's exactly what a narcissistic prick would say.
0	Compared to lead-acid? I'll take lithium ion, thanks. :-)
0	"Sure they could.  Or they could not and argue that you've accepted this agreement for the past five years and now it's unreasonable for you to want ""unlimited""."
0	Where? Albania or Serbia?
1	Yes random teens deserve death
0	My worry as well. I'm impressed at the moment, and I hope he just wrecks my first impression of him. However, I'm of the opinion that we won't really know until after he's out,and maybe not for a while after that. I can't help but be a bit skeptical, but for now it looks like I've got egg on my face. Hopefully I don't get the chance to wipe it off.
1	No way? A business goal is to generate money for the owners?
0	And Obama was going to close Guantanamo.
0	Mine *ex*ploded. It didn't have enough mass to fall in on itself.
0	I have the 18Mbps plan. I usually get 5-7. Interestingly enough, though, my Xbox (wired directly, as in not using the WiFi) actually gets 20Mbps. I suspect they purposely give either crappy or tuned-down WiFi routers. I'm going to try setting up my own WiFi instead of using the one provided...
1	You can always go with an OC3 instead. Very affordable at $15,000 to $100,000/mo. But NO CAPS!
1	yes but if they ever put the right engine in it would be 200 mph, so you got your money's worth.
0	DSL speeds are dependent on the line quality and the distance. That's not BS. But they should also be able to estimate it before they sell you service, so there should not be a big shock after you plug in your modem and activate service.
1	Well it's because the godless liberals are communists!!!
1	Yeah, but don't you know the constitution applies when I want it to apply?
0	It has a bunch of foreign stuff. I enjoy jpop and jmetal(?) and it does have some video game soundtracks on it, but they are usually big ones like halo and Bastion.
1	No no no, it was upto 200.  Your expectations were just too high.
0	That price is incredible.  I want one just as a house UPS.
0	And also the best thing.
1	Pono or oh-no, people.
0	"I'm surprised movie studios haven't given up yet. Now they're just sounding stupid and silly. ""Or else.."" hahaha."
1	Why would you want to own anything you buy?
0	Reasons for piracy aside, calling it stealing is a bit over the top. It's 'just' copyright infringement.
0	My cat went under a bed to give birth and I couldn't reach her :( some of her catbabies died because she didn't lick them enough
0	I don't like that they pulled some artists music from Spotify over to Tidal. Anything that makes the market more fragmented sucks. If this continues we all need to have 3-4 different apps to be able to listen to all our favourite music. And that means paying 3-4 times as much too.
0	I really don't know what degree of erosion one might expect.  The force is small, and individual atoms ejected extremely fast would beat the force of several atoms at a slower speed.
0	"One does not simply...""accidentally"" invent a warp drive."
0	That's not a sprint, that's a hobble.
0	i would say Greed.  Greed is America's business  =:-(
0	Is this in all of EU or by EU do they just mean England?
1	It comes with wifi, sign me up. Goodbye Comcast
0	Half of reddit acts like everything is the end of the world nowadays. Ever seen any gaming related subreddits? The only game allowed to be excited for is fallout4. All others are shit. It's hilsrious.
1	How dare you complain, greed is good for the economy!
0	Hey, I doubt it. At least not in my lifetime.
0	Yeah, I used monkey loosely which isn't even the same as the Great Apes, which we are even more closely related to. Though we are all primates, with monkeys and apes.
1	Legality and morality are the same thing, right?
0	"That's the difference between product placement and ""promotional consideration."" The former is cramming something in and shoving it in your face, because someone is paying to have it done (e.g. awkward Microsoft Surface ads shoved into a show), while the latter is a company going ""here, have some free stuff...hint hint."" Apple used to do the latter a lot. They'd hand out laptops to possibly be used as props, and filmmakers would either prominently place them or opt to cover the logo."
0	Yeah I explained elsewhere that wasn't what I meant. I was refering to the people mentioned in the above comment.
0	I can stream Netflix just fine with DSL -- yeah, it hickups sometimes, but normally its golden.
0	Which means that even if you're only using it for 2-day shipping, you only have to order one thing a month for it to pay for itself. Pretty awesome.
0	Leap years are consistent and predictable. Give me any year and I can tell you if it's a leap year or not. I can tell you whether 2100 will be a leap year, but I cannot tell you whether 23:59:60, June 30th 2100 will be a leap second.
0	So anyone have link or is there a group that is doing anything about this?
0	You get what you pay for. VPNs aren't that expensive, even decent ones.
0	This was the same when I worked a call center for Staples Corporate to pay my way through school.  Because we were dealing with fortune 500 companies and their inventory, we were well trained and given leave to do just about anything to make peoples problems go away.  It was the best non career job I had.  I actually felt like I made things better for people, not just talk them in circles until they give up in frustration.
0	Uh, I would find a PM useful.
1	Yeah, but what if it's *really* annoying, or it offends you like a rainbow flag or something?
0	Hell they can sue every programmer who ever wrote a max function.
0	That's also very true
0	Does this guy go around shooting lawnmowers as well?
0	I'm not calling him anything friendo
1	Great idea! In US it worked perfectly!
0	What if somebody accidentally parked in your parking lot? Slash the tires and smash the windows?
1	Yeah don't talk to your neighbors.  Just start shooting.
0	WTF? Care to elaborate on what metrics you're using to come to this outrageous conclusion?
1	stfu u fuckin troll
0	Oh how about when they try to undermine what you say with a '2edgy4me.' I'm sorry you lack the intelligence to form a counter argument, but there are other ways to disagree without looking like a ignorant little kid.
0	From an SRS regular so no surprise there.
1	Well you could only access reddit at home or from your cellphone.
0	Trolling is not flaming though, trolling is flame baiting.
1	Because corporate and government mass-surveillance agencies are known to avoid targeting open-source software. I guess it's just too much work for them to plant backdoors in OSS.
0	More likely Reddit is selling advertising space to an ad company, and that company has this website as one of their clients. A lot of ads you see online come from Google, and the sites that display them just know that they're getting paid by Google to allow ads on their site, with very little knowledge of exactly what ads will appear. (Though Google does have ways for webmasters to request certain ads not appear on their sites, the webmaster has to be aware that ad is showing up for some of their visitors)
1	I've been subscribing to their annual service on multiple family computers for years. How nice that they reward pirates and not loyal customers
0	I have a car made in 1985 by GM. It's horribly inefficient, but it still **passes inspection**. Is that crap?
0	Literally anything you didn't write yourself and even some of those if you're widely used.
0	I said internet access, not specifically personal internet access at home.
1	Was my singing that bad?
0	Absolutely most of. I've seen them openly admit that they are, profitwise, an advertising company.
0	When I read it was supported by ads, I figured it would be something like when you open your browser and ad would pop up, and that sounded fair, but if the ads are just on the booths themselves, that's friggin awesome!
0	That's what made it hilarious, I just assumed the director thought it was funny so left it in.
0	Those SIM cards didn't go into people's brains they went into phones and then the song give it up started playing
0	It's WiFi, so no.
1	Access to a telephone is a basic human right!
0	Some would say that makes them trash.
0	I'll read that soon. Thank you for correcting me. I thought it would be the same kind of idea as the US
1	Because people apply for the job and don't want it.
0	In Denmark there is a limited number of personal licensens that cannot be resold. Without the licenses people will just drive the busy weekends and not the poorly paying weekdays. Resulting in a worse taxi service overall and lower income for full time drivers.
0	i almost guarantee if someone looked in his financials he would find a large payoff from one of the big ISP's.
0	Fusion will happen eventually, but I very much doubt by 2020.  More like another 50 years.
0	Creative Commons is intended for media, FYI
1	Yes,  because competition has never spurred innovation.
0	The taxi drivers are getting the shit...well... They were. UberPop was already illegal in France, UberPop kept on going and stealing the business due to unfair advantages, so the cabbies fought back.
1	Such an eloquent argument! I was on the fence reading this tread, but now I'm convinced Griffin-dork must be wrong!
0	Why woumd the government let the shitty taxis win?
1	France is always capitulating.
0	Better than being a bunch of underpaid overworked slaves to capitalism.
0	Will advancements like this bring serious reductions to the cost of homes?
0	Clearly people were benefiting from the voluntary interactions. Low skill drivers could offer cheaper service and people that couldn't afford Taxis and Uber Black were able to find a ride service they could afford. So just because not everyone has okayed this yet, those people are not allowed to make peaceful business?
1	just like pirating, beautiful
0	Why not just join uber?
0	You mean their government surrendering?  Yep.
0	Ok google, *I believe you*
1	No no it's more important to get Snowden for that, he's the real bastard
1	Obama was a GREAT choice.
0	So... Nothing the NSA doesn't know about everyone already I guess. Maybe this is just a cover.
0	I do.  Movie watching.  Windows disc installing.
1	Obviously the government isn't equipped to manage these highly complex information systems. Perhaps the private sector can provide the solution the American people need and demand?
0	You've always got Reddit, bro. For as shit-showy as we can be, we can also help a lot of people out. Good luck to you, hopefully nothing comes of this other than better security.
1	Yeah, I'll just subscribe to a new service to listen to one album
1	Oh no.  China knows I watch My Little Pony.  My life is over!
0	As cool as it is, you can't change your iris. Just like finger prints, it's cool shit until someone figures out a way to spoof the system and then you're royally screwed.
0	This is what happens when the government is more focused on protecting it's ~~blackmail~~ domestic spying program than it's citizens. Just look at the FBI's stance on encryption to see where their priorities are at.
0	"If they are like Citibank it's because in the fine print you signed it says if you volunteer your authentication credentials to a third party you are no longer guaranteed protection from unauthorized charges.  They generally cover you anyways but aren't obligated to.  Sounds like Chase is entertaining the possibility of no longer covering Mint users if their accounts are ""compromised"" as they have already compromised themselves."
1	Only in hindsight could we possibly see this flaw. There was no way, NO way to predict this.
1	He was also wearing a Golds Gym tank top in one of the photos, so we better close down all the Golds Gyms because only racists go there to lift.
1	Why not both?
0	My guess it is not so much a right or wrong thing, but more to honesty.
0	Not our flag.
1	like y=x^2 ?
0	People need to stop voting for republicans and democrats, because they are the ones who made this happen. They worked together for it.
0	Any list with Monsanto, Halliburton and Walmart together as supporters makes me nervous.
0	as long as people have their iPhones, facebook, and all their other trite shite, i can't imagine a revolution. i'm just hoping for a political revolution, i.e. people actually starting to pay attention to the system and voting for people who actually represent their stances.
0	Is Solarcity actually any good? They keep on trying to get my family to sign up but we don't think it is wise to commit to their 20 year plan.
1	wow that is so neat
1	Put solar on top of the trees, problem solved.
0	*X*
0	*often. I remember an article that was circulated a while back about the FBI having trouble hiring developers because none of them could pass the drug test.
0	No.
0	How do we go about forming a party like this in Canada?
1	I mean nothing can go wrong when we trust tech illiterates to not open phishing emails right??
1	You're right. The average person should do all their online banking in plain text on an unencrypted device.
0	Microsoft and AV providers should flag this as malware and have their software remove it, because that's what it is.
1	They were just spying on the antivirus company to make sure that they were doing a good job on protecting citizens computers from threats, obviously.
0	email is mail now. 90% of it is spam, 10% are bills.
0	We are getting (and in some areas have) gigabit in Austin. My brother just got off the phone with TWC, they were offering 30MBit for $60+ a month. It's his only option, until fiber comes in 1-3 months.
0	Mine won't go over 8-10 on WiFi. Wired with Comcast its a out 18. We are supposed to be 50. At my parents who have itv3 pull around 40-80 depends on the day .
1	Why? I'm sure this won't have any impact on how these organizations cover net neutrality.
0	#WHATS THAT? I CANT HEAR YOU OVER STUFFING LOBBYING MONEY IN MY POCKETS.
0	So wait, they buy up the people who are opposing them? Goddam murica
1	Clinton 2016!
0	And this was your *first* clue?
1	Oh no! Now I can't trust anything Huffpo writes about!
0	"The targeting of political non profits filing as community non profits with names like ""Fuck the IRS"" or ""tax avoidance patriots"" isn't political, it's common sense. Liberal groups that also triggered the ""it's common sense this is a political group, not a goodwill"" alarm were also investigated.The tax enforcement is so lax in this country it's not funny. They rely on something like 96% compliance. In other words, if you don't pay as an individual, they're probably never going to find you."
1	Don't worry, what with them being required to finish their fiber install in New York, they'll likely just go ahead and fiber everywhere else. I mean... once you've got the crimping tools and have practiced, continuing to install is easy.
1	I'm sure your country doesn't have its own spy agency either
0	I wish everyone involved would pull a Jonestown.
0	"There's no such thing as ""China hacks"" - only NSA PsyOps"
1	Good job NSA. Keep up the good work.
1	Yeah, and fuck her for getting Apple to agree to pay all those musicians, too! It's a double standard because she didn't make Apple pay photographers for taking photos of her.
0	I got it so they would stop sending me bitchy emails about downloading stuff.
1	Does that mean he should get the rights to the song? He's making money by taking photos of her, but she gets the rights to the photos she's making money by writing songs about him, so he should get the rights, right? DOUBLE STANDARDS!
1	My windows XP never got a virus
0	A good example is how China kept pollution data classified as a state secret. WTF?
0	Unless you're using a fresh one every time, they're still pretty damn cheap.
0	SlingTV is just cable, prices are basically the same considering the limited content.  45 bucks to get like 15 crappy channels, sports, and HBO.  It's underwhelming at best, malicious at worst.
0	"where did you get the idea that they ""just pulled a number out of a hat for Snapchat?"" the valuation is given based on the last round of funding raised. if someone was willing to invest 500 million dollars for 10% of the company, that company then has a market value of 5 BN."
0	She's audio cancer.
1	Boy, this sounds like a real long term solution!
0	Nope. It was that very same AMA
0	Haters gonna hate, but Taylor wins again.
0	I could not care less about this story but I do think that the turnaround time is suspicious.  She writes an editorial in the Sunday paper and Apple makes a major 180 degree business decision the same day (or even over the weekend assuming they had a day or two head's up about it).
1	Because she's got money
0	Also only available on selected countries.
0	It is literally not stealing. By the law and dictionary it can't be.
1	Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for updating me on this absolutely pertinent information.
1	Ssshhhh, don't go against him. He's anti-piracy and everyone who disagrees must be delusional!
0	Spotify is so cheap it's ridiculous not to.
0	So do something about it. Press criminal fraud charges against Verizon executives AND PUT THEM IN JAIL.
0	Which, honestly, is minimal.  In NYC there are a lot of people that look for an apartment with internet providers as a major criteria.  Having FiOS on your property makes it much more desirable.
0	He seems to have addressed this in a postscript.
1	But... But Apple makes billions on iPhone sale and thus need to pay for smth they haven't made a dime on yet
1	Nothing worse for an emerging artist than MASSIVE worldwide exposure. I can see their point.
0	Fun fact: Swift and her family own her label.  It's her decision.
0	In unrelated news the city has signed a multi-decade, billion dollar deal with Verizon for a city wide Fiber rollout.
0	"People like to call reddit ""social media"", but for me personally it's just a better forum/bulletin board system."
0	Apple is giving a free trial. No revenue means no royalties.
1	Well can you blame Apple? It's not like they can afford to pay them while the 3 demo months are happening!
0	Copyright covers expressions, works that you have created. Trademarks of for names and labels. Patents are for inventions. Copyright is rarely used for physical products.
1	Because that's how the free market works
0	It was godawful when it first came out. Slow, buggy, security holes, very poor aesthetic and intrusive ui. Patch after patch finally rendered it somewhat capable, though it has since been superseded by windows 7.
0	Why is the Arch commuity so vocal? Why can't you guys behave? I'm a slacker. But we don't go around shouting Slack Slack everywhere. You are the reason why people hate us Linux guys so much.
0	This was a great decision on their part. Also to make the field hazards more difficult for wedge robots since they were hardly affected by anything before.
1	Imagine that. 1000+ people that didn't know this was possible? Myself included? No way! Illuminati confirmed
0	SSDs are eventually doomed but they're still useful for external drives - media volumes, backup and the like.
1	"Ok maybe some fine ""ethical"" citizens can brigade him and his new company into acting like decent people"
0	Regime here simply refers to the system/platform that they have created.  It has no authoritarian implications in a legal context.
1	Yep that explains why adblockers don't work in Chrome
0	I've used it, but not often.
0	"Doesn't know the difference between ""there"" and ""their""."
1	This is the only solution we have to weed out illegal aliens.
0	Good point.
1	Who needs food anyway?
0	TIL defending your property and wanting to be a hero are the same thing.
0	That makes sense though. Uber is only the app that allows the drivers to interact and find the drivees.
1	Competition is socialism! And freedom breeds terrorism!
1	But they're a tech company, it's not their place to assume responsibility for their non-fleet of non-drivers.
0	Who is stupid enough to fall for this basic social engineering cheat? Email providers NEVER ask you to send them SMS.
1	But, Uber isn't a taxi service! It's just an app!
1	Yeah cause guns are scary and anyone who owns one is obviously a nut job.
0	Don't know why you got down voted, it's true
0	It's the same idea, except nobody is going to use it because they have reddit which is already established and has a huge base. As a result, the only people using it are those who can't use reddit for content that isn't permitted or accepted on reddit. That means that basically the site is made up of content that is unacceptable here,which makes it a very nasty unpleasant place.
1	Censorship of jailbait? How terrible!!
1	Well, we will know soon which sites will be taken down next.
0	"Seems more like a jet without a cockpit than a ""jetpack"""
1	"I wonder who tipped them off to the ""political incorrectness"". Surely it wasn't Reddit"
1	The takedown request was made in good faith.  How can you possibly expect them to keep track of every bit of IP they own?
0	iMacs?
0	Kind of funny when the original Xbox and stuff like Halo caused FOV in games to get notched way down for the first time ever.
0	Of course, there are 4 at Microsoft headquarters.
0	"""Does this common household product cause cancer? We'll have the answer at 11:00."""
0	Android + almost any alarm clock downloaded from the play store + NFC sticker = alarm that forces you out of bed. I also have one in my car that turns off WiFi and turns on Bluetooth.
0	"Don't know why you're getting down voted. I completely agree, I like my devices to have a bit of heft on them. Beats might not be the best headphones but this ""fake"" weight added on to them is actually something a lot of portable electronics do."
0	Time for the long dark fap sesh of the soul?
0	You could at least wait until the expiration date of the last bottle peimted with a QR code
0	Is every tech CEO required to wear silly designer jeans and a tucked in button-up shirt? It's like they all shop at the same store.
1	Well, if it's for good security then sign me up! I want total security and no freedom please!
0	I've got them beat, I don't even have a WiFi password (no neighbors!)
0	And if you go around punching people in the face, you go to jail. You're not entitled to content, at least be honest about the fact that you want the service for free, and you don't want any ads.
0	In fact most drivers *prefer* Uber and Lyft to renting a Yellow Car and paying nearly $1,000,000 for a medallion in NYC. Why wouldn't they? They make more money and have more freedoms.
0	"As a person that was transferred against their will to the phone department of the electronics store I worked at, I agree - I don't think I knew how to access the ATT activation page and still let you keep your plan.  Pretty sure there was a forced upgrade to the internet plan when we were invoking the ""free upgrade"" thingy for a new phone."
0	Regardless of price and speed?
0	They will if they made $500 million in extra revenue in exchange for a $100 million fine!
0	You want a real penalty?  Require them to refund every penny they have made in the past 12 months, from every customer.
1	Awesome ... I'm sure that fine money will trickle down back to it's customers.  And I'm sure AT&amp;T will heed this warning
0	I never thought I'd be saying this, but I'm fucking loving Tom Wheeler as the new Chairman.
1	"Yeah!  Just like ""scientist"" are using smoke and mirrors to claim global warming is a thing."
0	Nope.
1	That's so you can't tell you're being hacked.  It's a feature.
0	Oh by disabled I mean I have root on the S5 and froze the app along with the majority of Samsung apps...including any update capabilities. On the Note 3 its a custom rom that never included it in the first place.
0	Hasn't this regulation been in effect for like, one day? Great job TWC
0	No, they just allow your hardware to go completely obsolete after a few years such that you can't upgrade the OS which means you can't install the new applications, etc.
0	What do you want to bet that those fake celltowers (stingray) the cops are using  take advantage of this exploit.
0	actually that is considered assault (at least in the us)
1	NUH UH! Everybody knows apple doesn't get viruses.
1	The same free market that creates competition in the ISP industry.
1	Why on earth would you say that? Leaving $12k worth of gear without a signature on an empty, abandoned office floor seems like a totally responsible thing to do.
1	Finally. I am so sick of abnormal people delivering my packages.
0	This happened with their camera-enabled TVs as well.
0	Yeah, I was going to say, I personally do maybe 20,000 google searches a year.
0	So 7 people now use DuckDuckGo?
0	Amazon has quite a few HBO shows on it, I think they're older, but still there.
0	yeah there's no way to turn duckduckgo into a verb
0	Because they are worse tires when NOT flat - they are mostly a weight/cost saving measure to avoid equipping the car with a spare.
0	Hipsteryogas? Ain't even braking.
1	Very good. This will come out just when fusion energy is in every big city.
1	If only when you bought a Tesla they would give you access to charging stations and information about public charging stations was available on some type of system that was available to the public.
1	It's a paid service, so it must be good right?
0	Unlike the other projects, this sounds legally problematic thanks to Mozilla's trademark policy. Isn't preventing stuff like this (distributing your own malware-infested version of Firefox while mimicking the real brand) exactly why they protected the trademark?
0	So let's make an example out of him by celebrating that admission.  Not punishing it.  We do want to encourage others to do it too, do we not?
0	Am I the only one that has 0 trouble remembering my passwords for all of my accounts? Granted, some of them are the same, but about a pool of 5 passwords.
0	I wonder which government is responsible.
0	You're wrong and you should feel bad.
0	MS should have released both Halo 5 &amp; 6 day 1, it's a joke that we have to wait so long!
0	But *why*?  Just a compulsion?  I can't think of any reason to do it when you have google's search to find it.  In about ten years of using gmail I have never once failed to find an email by searching.
0	Alientube is fantastic for channels like the creatures game grumps roosterteeth etc who have dedicated subs to them
1	So we can even mock them, but not fat people?
0	Marketshare does NOT matter. Blocking apps and services on a device or operating system because you have a competing product is anti-competitive. When Apple blocked Google Maps when they brought out their own product to do that, and oh how well it worked, that was anti-competitive,.
0	Not sure why you were down-voted - That article is completely valid, and to do with the reply
0	won't affect Boost I think. SF only cares to fuck up GUI apps now bc they can bundle shit with those.
0	"It also set itself to autorun using some obscure ""start"" DOS command that I'd never heard of before, that is only still around for legacy reasons.  Of course it was also in several varieties of more normal forms of autorun that Windows uses, like it was configured as a startup service, and oh it set a task that would run after startup too."
1	But but Macs don't get viruses
0	BECAUSE OP IS RETARDED.
0	"Curious then that this morality system  applies to a whole nation, even more a whole ""culture""  influenced directly or indirectly by that nation."
1	Skype just gets better and better with every year of MS ownershit
0	"Didn't until now.  Until ""Kung Fury"" came out, I didn't know they hosted anything but video games."
0	What kind of fucked up culture prefers the depiction of heads being chopped off to tits being played with?
1	What an interesting coincidence
1	3 doesn't make a dozen.
0	Steam versions of visual novels have all the smut taken out. Apparently, you can still patch the sex scenes back.
1	No, he meant that perfect Aryan genetics already exist, and why bother engineering?
0	Cigarettes hurt people.
1	So businesses support probusiness congressmen. Shocking
0	Yes, though fast-tracking itself requires a super majority (i.e. a filibuster proof majority) so it's mostly about strengthening the President's negotiating position rather than about avoiding a check on the senate majority party.
1	It's just *the appearance* of corruption
0	My problem with it was that the source of conflict was that a guy wasn't allowed to become an astronaut because he had a heart condition. If you have a serious heart condition, you wouldn't have been able to be an astronaut even when the film first was released!
0	And what's wrong with that? If someone wants to wear makeup then let them have it. If someone wants plastic surgery then let them get it. If someone wants to genetically modify themselves then let them do it. Who cares if it's arbitrary to *you*. Let people mold themselves to whatever vision of perfection they want.
0	Isn't Elon busy enough? Just leave him alone and let him build a bullet train
1	Yea, as we know by now the government always have our best interest at heart.
1	Expanded material science and fluid dynamics
0	What about a better world for a hell of a lot of people?
0	"""Jews control the state of Israel!!! Wake up sheeep!!!"""
1	"""But you don't understand! That's what makes us unique!"""
0	Eh, I think it's fairly simple where to the draw the line:  If it's objectively bad, aka  cancer, AIDS, etc.  Make sure humans are immune.  If it's something debatably bad, like say, dwarfism, don't touch it, even if most people think it's bad.
0	When the UN tried to get control of ICANN and IANA the US gave up what little power they had left in the organizations so they became completely private. The only time I recall the US using it's power after the Internet became public was preventing the creation of new top level domains. They never pulled DNS names or IP addresses.
1	That damn gubment, regulating our poison!!
0	I'm pretty sure reddit supports https.
0	This is great, I'm happy and all.  But here's my question.  I'm competent with a computer. I know enough to replace parts, write simple code, and run/edit scripts.  How do I come up with actionable information on whether my Netflix is slow because of a violation or because the tubes are clogged?
1	Any calls.  Any calls is unusual since their service is perfect and nothing with cable ever goes wrong.
1	I'm sure this will stop the throttling I experience with TWC.
0	This is...good? Please educate this poor simpleton.
0	You should have included a link to the toolbar in your post
0	Put ads on your pages
0	Every time I feel safe enough to turn automatic updates back on, an update that fucks up systems happens. This does not sit well with me.
0	Assumed it meant we could play on a tablet when I first heard about it :/
0	Bomis and its webrings 4eva!
1	How? I run Linux.
1	Java has moved on to the highly advanced yahoo toolbar I'll have you know!
0	The subreddit drama is a deterrent!
1	and they are totally going to sell that for $35000
0	I've worked for the government, so I know exactly how true that is. I stand by my statement and add that Republicans are making it worse than it has to be for their own political ends.
0	Its not a given, its mostly a given though as most peoples daily driving is under 50 miles
0	Shit like this is why I predict congressional assassination attempts will go through the roof.
1	I for one think that this news piece is a media ploy to distract us from the fascist oppression taking over Reddit. Wake up sheeple!
1	It's already been banned :/
0	Except for when they brigaded NeoGAF.
1	Yes.. as comparing mocking fat people to Hitler.. Of course
1	That image has no people of normal size in it which makes it problematic.  Only anorexic bitches are welcome in the safe space?  Triggered.  Reported.
0	Heeeey, Snowy!  Nice seeing ya here!
0	Does *any* film actually utilize this currently? I've always wondered.
1	Really? I thought reddit was a non profit.
0	I'll go to outer space and let you film me fapping for a large stuffed crust pizza
0	Your tubes are clogged. Gotta purge the valves.
1	Good to see the us resources being put to good use
0	Not going to lie this is the only crowdfunding campaign that I actually do feel I'll donate to.
0	Yes, James, you did- that is why we are filing a breach of contract suite.
0	black science man
1	You mean mated right?
1	Cause nobody cares about that shit!
0	Zero- gravity spinners? .......My. God.
0	Honestly though... That's a good point.
1	I wonder how all those backdoors helped keep China out of our Governments computers. Clearly, we need more in to help fend off their attacks.
0	Sick memes bro.
1	Both parties, exactly the same.
0	I might be missing something, but wasn't all this started with Bush?
1	Yeah, as they do with softonic search results.
0	I had to download Keepass for Windows last week, and the official website pointed to SF. I was very skeptical, but that installer seemed to be clean, luckily.
0	The bigger problem is known software packages, like FileZilla, that last I checked (which was awhile ago) *only* had SourceForge downloads.
0	Weird! What happened to them? Why'd they suddenly go off the rails like that?
0	I pay nearly 50 dollars for 1.5mbps DSL.
0	In a perfect world this ends with Ed Snowden receiving a full and unconditional presidential pardon, being hailed as a hero, massive government and legal reforms, and him receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom.
1	Ah, the philanthropic monopoly. How could one possibly say no to such munificence? Ungrateful commies.
1	Amazon is the only place you can purchase things online, Google is the only search engine, and Facebook is the only social network.
0	I used my Palm Pilot as my mp3 player, so I actually already had a fantastic portable mp3 player with me.  But like you said, Palm only ever advertised to business people and so their products never took off until it was to late after Apple introduced the iPhone to regular consumers and they realized maybe they should have been going after that market all that time.
0	You might be able to source manufacturing, but you still need engineers that build a car people want.
0	Don't forget our precious internet memes.
0	We call that the superduperscript
0	Those are already DC right? No inverter needed, just panels and a battery.
1	Yeah. With internet you order food and water on Amazon prime.
0	The computer didn't solve the 120 year old biology problem, the humans who programmed it did.  The field is called bioinformatics.
0	Thanks Obama!
0	NSA can spy on Congo completely legally without any warrants.
1	This is so great!  Good job, NSA!  Everyone just LOVES what you've done to the US!
0	True, but of those who do, most are men.  Men are more likely to enjoy the logic and problem solving aspects of programming than women.
1	Wow! Those are some incredible sources!
0	And a free 'out' for support. Report an issue? Response: we're open source, fix the issue for us, and we'll fork your code, you can be a hero. Fix the issues that were previously fixed by all these devs we're laying off. Wooooo, we're so hip
0	The complexities and irregularities of speech (simply within one language alone, not including across languages) actually make speech to text an inredible challenge, especially being able to do so with enough accuracy so that its not counter-productive (eg spending more time fixing errors than if you transcribed it yourself to begin with).
0	Click here to find out what happens next!
0	It's a hard language to learn as your first.
0	Text to speech isn't like inventing a warp drive though. It just takes a large number of moderately clever people led by some fairly clever over a period of time. The military has legions of that.
0	The US dollar is so much 'lighter' than it used to be, they can afford to collect both en mass.
1	I thought they might go to 8.1, and then straight on to 10.  But that wouldn't have made much sense, I guess.
0	it is also a keyboard
0	15/1 here @ 60 a month. Its been about this speed since 2001 when it was blazing fast.
1	won't somebody think of the children!
1	First, let's stop using encryption.. that should make our defense against hackers stronger... right guys?
0	It's not. My wired home network is Gigabit and my Internet is 50Mbps.
0	If I recall Dave used to work for a porn company so the porn on his computer might have been job related
1	Must be fake, I dont remember him from the movie. I thought only Zuk and the napster dude got rich ;)
0	This Statue FUCKS!
1	Let's all panic because the NSA wants to catch China and/or Russia hacking into the Internet backbone without a warrant and without months of public discourse first by which time it'll be too late. Let's get Mr. Schneier's blessing instead. Oh and let's build a statue - sorry, *another* statue, this time on the white house lawn, to Snowden for protecting us from the people whose paychecks we pay for with our tax dollars from trying to catch hackers or terrorists.
1	Yes, because one post negates every other post on the whole subreddit!
0	Only if you photo the back too.
0	Because how he was poisoned is debatable. What he was poisoned with is not.
1	Oh yeah, and the fact that corporate America promotes these as important things to talk about has _nothing_ to do with it.
0	If it's not broken keep running it and try not to touch it!  We have a few of those systems around... haven't even been patched for shellshock or heartbleed.
0	You're asking two different questions. The last is irrelevant. The first is just a rephrasing of the questions I asked. So, I don't know if we have a right to privacy when it comes to tracking our internet browsing history.
1	You found me out!  I come to reddit to bare my soul and get counseling from strangers.
1	"easy, just put it in a box with a text based interface only and some sort of human ""gatekeeper""."
0	Nice sensationalized title.
0	I can only win a free Ipod so many times before I get sick of hearing about it.
0	The primary reason for dual wheels is weight not as a redundant system for blow outs. The only time someone would continue with one tire is if they where running unloaded. The same thing is true for the tandem axles.
0	Yes, encryption could lead to the death of a child. But *literally everything* could lead to the death of a child, including the lack of encryption.
0	I really did try to go without an ad blocker, since I figured it wouldn't be good for the sites I liked, but enough popups and auto-playing ads was enough. Unskippable five-minute ads on YouTube for a three-minute video? No way.
1	Changing channels or going to the bathroom during the commercial break is stealing.
0	The average human driver, bad as they might be, is *waaaay* better at dealing with snow than any computer system at this time. Maybe it'll slow down. But it *will* also just crash.
1	Yes the internet would be a fun and entertaining place with nothing but academic journals.
0	They will require a back up driver always I believe.
1	You're right. They're selling your confidential information to the NSA.
0	Nope.  It's too late.  Our advertising sector has grown too large, and needs to be pruned down.  I will never, *ever* allow a company to force me to see or hear an advertisement that I do not actively seek out.
0	We did it, Reddit!
0	If we know what virus causes it, then perhaps an immunization can prevent Type I.
0	I absolutely agree with you with regards to spying and the potential for abuse, I am against it. I also agree that current gov's probably aren't intending to abuse the data but it sets a precedent for future leaders. But my main point, was that I don't believe 'most' people actually do incriminating or such private things on the internet that any gov could actually legitimately blackmail or control someone with their information. I think almost everyone just uses the internet in a fairly benign manner &amp; the idea that everyone should be worried they are one step away from being blackmailed by their government is more damaging to the psyche than what is *actually* being done by the government. On the basis of my own internet use I question the idea that everyone's 'file' could be used for nefarious reasons &amp; I think for the most part a gov would struggle to pin something on the average joe without manufacturing the evidence.
0	We must be looking at different Reddits.
0	And perhaps more alarming, it allows them to basically make up anything they want in order to blackmail people.  By accusing and planting the offending material on the accused persons hard drive etc.
0	Well obviously.
0	The implication is that instead of using U.S. Netflix, we should be subscribing to Bell Media's offerings. What a surprise that they're taking that position.
0	The Patriot Act was terrible. It's understandable why they put it in place, but it's still bad. The fact that the USA Freedom Act HAD to be passed was bad. It meant that the NSA already had the right to steal our information. It's good that it was passed, but it sucks that it had to be.
0	I predict I will be receiving a check from a class action settlement related to this in about 2 years.
1	How did kids ever get alerted to family emergencies before they had cell phones?
0	I'm sure he got locked out of his house once and just bought a new one too.
0	PayPal? 2006 called and wants its payment method back.
0	Fuck PayPal. Automated texts and calls are the final straw for me. Between the times they were hacked, their predatory and annoying  marketing practices for the credit products, forcing me to divulge my social security number to them (despite not opening any lines of credit with them) and now this, I think it's time to close my account.
0	I for one welcome overused jokes.
1	"...but ""There's no malware in the SourceForge Downloader. It does not install anything you do not want. While it may present offers during installation, you can decline those without affecting installation of FileZilla."""
0	The McDonalds thing is a hoax. sorry.
0	Oh! That stinks. Well check out Society 6 or Etsy, perhaps.
0	Account closed. I do not consent to those changes PayPal.
0	Why is there region lock on digital services?
0	Joke's on them - I've changed cell numbers twice since I last updated my paypal account.  They can call it all they want, *my* phone isn't going to ring.
0	Except if there is bonus content in the credits or if you want to see something in the credits. No screw that, it's not smart to play any ads anytime. What they need to do is add trailers to every movie etc and what's on Netflix this month video or some shit that I can watch when I want to see it. Not when they feel like showing me.
1	To *a cop*.
0	Stargate: Atlantis had an interesting episode where the Wraith infected a ship with a self-replicating, self-programming, intelligent virus. It infiltrated all of the ship's computer systems so it could take over the ship and send itself to the Wraith. The only solution was to shut down the ship, format everything, and restore from backup.
0	All hail statin!
1	who gave you permission to speak for all anarchists?! SABOTEUR!!!!1!!
0	don't forget to arrest his accomplice 127.0.0.1, aka ::1
0	Anarchism is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. How do you enforce anarchy? In case you didn't realise, we *are* living in an ararchistic system; it just so happens that when you give everyone absolute freedom, they form governments.
0	At least they're literate. FOX correspondents are monkeys in suits. And they're worse because they deliberately shill for the evil ones.
1	Don't forget to vote, though. Seriously, it matters.
0	Part of what he did was whistle blowing.  The other part is debatable.
0	This. A lot of tech companies do this through the H1B visa program. Now non-tech companies want a taste of this.
0	"""Okay, I'll do it, but I'm gonna do a shitty job."""
0	Using encryption to keep the government out of your f&amp;*%ing business IS one of the right reasons.
0	The GCA of 68 protects this. Saying that so long as the firearm (lower receiver) is manufactured by the owner and is not intended for transfer or mass production than it is legal.
1	you wouldn't be against freedom would you. I mean its called the 'USA Freedom Act' you should feel freed
1	Exactly, man. Exposing illegal surveillance is obviously a lot worse.
0	He can hardly string a coherent sentence together. Doubtful he even knows what a faraday cage is, let alone able to build one
1	Surely the only solution is to require background checks for anyone who wants to buy a CNC mill or a 3-D printer!
0	Yeah they're already giving it away for free. Now they expect to keep the average home user updated and safe. Fuck Microsoft.
0	Hell, let's go all the way to nuclear weapons if you want to travel that road.
0	"A conspiracy theorist is someone whose conspiracy hasn't been proven right. Scientists are theorists until their theories are supported by evidence but we don't talk about them in a negative light most of the time; ""conspiracy theorist"" should not be a negative term either, the media just propagandizes it that way. Also, he's right so it's not like it's even a theory."
1	But but but... Socialism = communism!
0	It will still be illegal as they do it? Only more so this time?
1	Yeah, who needs accountability to the people anyway. Why not just get rid of this pesky democracy? It's just getting in the way.
0	Diversity, the FBI's middle name, the one token black guy is hilarious.
0	It's funny one post on Reddit links to an article with bad information, then another post links to an article with good information. Oh, Reddit.
0	So... ads will happen within the year is what I'm guessing.
0	Which one?
1	Except for the complete absence of mining, mods, multiplayer, redstone contraptions, farming, smelting, enchanting, brewing, portals to the end and the nether, endermen, creepers, caves, spiders, zombies, hunger, adventure mode, survival mode, special resources (diamonds, coal, glowstone, redstone, etc), special tools and weapons, first person view, crafting tables...  But if you ignore all that stuff it's practically identical!
1	Yeah we had a way to low number of deletions lately
0	Where did I say or even imply everyone?
0	so? That isn't treason or wrong even, that is simply smart.
1	So highschool eh? Yeah, nothing changes from those hormonal years. People sure don't grow up. I know I still make all the same mistakes 10+ years later I made back then. . .
0	"I seem to remember a saying that went something like ""Every country is 5 meals away from revolution.""  I haven't met a single person that supports widespread surveillance or is in denial of it's existence. Problem is people don't have any way to put an end to it.  You can pester your senator/representative all you want but they don't care."
1	Don't tell me you don't love that Coca ColaTM quiz thing before the trailers
1	Yeah, he'll be safe in America.
0	Obama is a lame duck. He might just do it after the election. Snowden does more damage in exile than he would at home. Right now everyone listens to his every fart. He is a living martyr.
1	Death to the traitorous George Washington!
0	"Even if pardoned, Snowden can never come home.  As Hale said, ""I only regret that I have but one life to give for my country."" Some nut with a gun would see that he gives it."
0	Not exactly saying its right but its going to happen. Chinas spying on everyone, the US is, Russia probably is, Germany, they UK etc all are. The extent of which varies but every single world power with the capability is going to be spying and revealing that info is justifiably treason. Its only whistleblowing if you are trying to protect your own nation. Protecting foreigners is pretty much the definition of treason.
1	its not to prevent terrorism its to collect information for the aliens bro
0	Netflix already spoil shows with their synopsis of every episode, which if you read spoils the plot of the episode.
0	Must be an American thing. In my country, Israel, cable and satellite are commercial-free (except promos for their shows), and have been for the past 20+ years.
0	To be fair, movie theaters only show you commercials if you're super early... like before the trailers even begin.
0	Shame on you for posting sensationalist headlines.  You should feel bad, and everyone should downvote the post.
1	Happy to see my paranoia is never going away.
0	"Oh, super, yet another foolish person that assumes ""This guy thinks that tolerance is all that can be demanded of another human, he MUST be a bigot."""
0	$400 is a lot for any utility bill anywhere. Unless you have a very very large home and like it a certain temperature.
0	Problem is that it's a publicly traded company now and the demands of investors for profit year after year is going to be Netflix's undoing.
0	That's just a lie. Its only considered safer because of the shikimic acid pathway. But glyphosates connection to celiac disease is very serious.
0	...could this actually work?
1	when you hold your clients hostage, its surprising how fast unforseen business expenses can increase prices.
0	This is why I don't have facebook on my phone.
1	But it has 'Freedom' on the title! So it *must* be good right?!
0	No to Facebook, but yes to DRM. He's obviously confused because Facebook provides a better service than DRM.
0	This should feel like a major victory yet I can't shake the hunch that this is nothing more than political theater.
0	Yes, it's the same for all platforms.
0	I live in the Southwest, and I see this every fall. Damn snowbirds.
0	not to mention those long car rides, just program it to let you know when its running low on gas and pull off to the nearest gas station, all while youre asleep at 3:30am in Kentucky on your way to New York. Hotels would suffer, but airplanes would be cheaper maybe? the possibilities of this are endless!!
0	I was harmed.  Send the $100 million to me.
0	If more people drove like that, I am sure most of the street congestion would go away... basically you'd get to where you are going quicker without stop and go traffic.
0	I don't know about your all's grandmas, but mine is the direct opposite of the title.
0	I'm sure people would stop streaming over their cell connections if it buffered every second because the network was clogged up.
1	Chrome OS is in *my* cloud, so I know I can trust it!
0	"Soon you won't even have to commute to work! No need to leave! Just grab a tent and a sleeping bag and live in the office! No need for a self driving car. No need for a car. Just wake up and be at work. You can now work from 7am to 7pm uninterrupted by a pointless ""commute""! I can't wait for the future."
0	Just play a game and laugh about them not being able to.
1	You're right, so government should probably spend 5-10x as much money buying a gigantic taxi fleet instead.
0	Then the self driving car can report the drivers who are driving unsafely to the police.
0	Hey, well, my friend has a Raspberry Pi set up with every classic emulator in his Jeep, so the logical next step is making it so he can play it more often than when he's parked.
0	There is no advantage to having V2V information if it has to be confirmed by sensors.  Just let the sensors do the work.
0	They are free to lie under perjury. Let them.
0	Nope.
0	But they aren't cool. It's cool to drive recklessly. Weaving in and out of traffic.
0	Don't forget to report Data Caps too. They weren't addressed at the time this recent ruling was passed down, but Mr. Wheeler said if it becomes a wide spread issue he will revisit the Data Cap argument.
0	Or a post-it note on the refrigerator?
0	You mean 240 Gb?
0	Yup. Started using this about a year ago and it's 40 bucks well spent. It's not just for illicit activity either. Sometimes if your ISP is throttling you you can use the VPN to speed things up. It even has different servers all over the country as well as other countries. If that's useful to you in any way. I've even forgotten to disconnect in the past and was still able to play online games. I mean, my ping wasn't great but they were playable.
0	I'd be down if it was the end all be all.  But that's the point.  People should he coming together as a whole and take down the few powerful individuals.
1	But the internet companies that don't want to spend any money keep telling us we don't WANT faster speeds!
0	"If it's a non compete clause keeping them there, they can force their hand with editorials that keep the old way of thinking. I.e ""terminate my non compete or let me trash talk your bank roller."""
1	If you work hard and keep your head down, you can win in this system too!
0	Yes. If we miss, we put things in orbit. Might hit an alien ship and start intergalactic war.
0	There are also some pretty good questions over whether or not votes are being widely manipulated.
0	No clue. Its got 2 gigs of RAM, a quad-core Atom CPU and 32 GB of NAND with an SD slot if that is anything to go by. I upgraded it by sticking the ISO on an SD card, mounting it and going from there.
1	Just write some more code to solve the complex problems.
1	Yea, online piracy and combating marijuana is more important than catching violent criminals.
0	Funnily enough win 10 crashed on me last night. May have jumped the gun on the not buggy thing. I went back down to 7 at like 1 am, going to wait til the end of august to upgrade
1	WELL YOU'RE JUST A FASCIST CAPITALIST AREN'T YOU???
0	You legally own a certain amount of the airspace above the ground you own.
0	The TTP will pass no matter what is in it. I doubt the public will even know to dislike it, and even if we collectively do dislike it, we don't really have a say.
1	Yeah, We can just throttle our payments for a few weeks.. just pay it in installments.. maybe.
0	You're overreacting when you say it's more damaging to a nation than a state-owned media. And going back to look at the other messages, I'm pretty sure everyone here things this particular comment string was talking about Snowden's files.
0	The Australian government had put out a few releases about the current progress of the agreement from their perspective as well as frequently asked questions. It is biased, but it has a fair amount of info in mostly simple language. As far as I can tell one of their key issues seems to be that AU is struggling to agree with the USA over medical IP. Haven't checked out import issues yet, but I assume that they will be adding sales tax to online orders. Not sure what else.
1	But can I still buy the new iPhone?
0	EFF  for Canadians as well?
0	Oh, ok Tmobile.
0	"Of course you wouldnt shoot a car, but a flying device that is hovering and filming right above your backyard deck? There is no way to track the owner of a drone unlike a car, which has license plates. Good luck finding the owner of the drone. Sure he should have called the cops instead, but saying ""you wouldnt shoot a parked with a dashcam"" is like the ""you wouldnt download a car"" for anti-piracy advocates"
0	I believe I have read of them doing that but I have no sources.
1	Microsoft only wants to help itself, but Apple just wants to help you, since it cares about you so much.
1	I was that guy. AMA
0	The Moto X Style/Pure comes out in September for only $400 base and should work on pretty much any network IIRC. Seeing as I can probably get at least $250 for my 2014 X, I'll probably be doing that so I can leave Verizon whenever.
0	As apposed to the right to fly drones in my backyard?
0	I dont wanna make the network better lets just screw over our customers paying the most
0	Right, but it's not a limit they are imposing manually; it's a limit imposed by the limitations of the network; similar but different enough.
0	but only once you have used it a bit.  up until then its smooth sailing
0	can't trust the programmers behind the software.
1	If they end the sitting programs Snowden told us about I bet they'll drop the charges against him as well and allow him to return.
0	It's not a baby step. It's not a meaningful step. That's the point. It's misdirection against the massive internet data mining the NSA does, which is much more comprehensive and intrusive. Honestly, does anyone give a shit about phone records? That's been going on for decades.
1	Good thing Obama has been honest on this issue.
0	Apple haters killed Ping!
0	He's far better than the alternative. The stress would have killed McCain and you'd be complaining about how terrible Madame President Palin is for starting world war 3.
0	He of all people should not be using a cellphone for weather data.
0	"It's a shitty response, but it's not a ""form response"". She specifically wrote something for this particular situation."
1	Yeah, they are totally clearing out all that data. Definitely gonna follow that and not lie about it since they have a great record of telling the truth.
0	Elon is probably open to that idea.
0	the markets listed almost all have plenty of competition. Many are entire states.
1	Yep. Sure they will. And I'll stop speeding too.
0	Anyone else notice the giant camera towers being installed with increasing density at every single highway entrance and exit ramp? The security state is increasing, not decreasing.
0	Soooo, you could print your own chia pets?
1	Millions! Millions! That's so many!
0	we should ignore everything Obama has done on this front until right now, so that we can blindly believe him in this promise, right?
1	Everybody knows my password is qwerty anyway.
0	A giant jiffy pop in their professor's house.
0	So...Rest in Plasma?
1	Oh WOOT!
0	We already have lasers capable of incinerating people from a distance.
0	Droid X user, what's my best option to avoid this?
0	Agreed...  But that's just a Google account... Or, a gmail account with some nice optional extras (what everyone always wanted)
1	that just means you're an M$ shill
0	No, he is right.  There was a time way back when Youtube sorted by the most upvoted comments and not by the most discussed comments, and conversations were actually pretty relevant to the video.  I'm not saying youtube has been a fantastic forum of conversation, but it was never this bad.
0	It's never gonna happen, Gretchen.
0	I got that as well, however I had something similar to this happen way way back on 07 or so. I had a youtube account, and later got a gmail account and somehow youtube merged the two of them. i don't post many videos but that was really confusing for a while. Then this who G+ debacle reminded me of that and confused the hell outta me again
1	yeah let's all flock to facebook!
0	*+Slendyla-IV* u have to use proper format fagit
0	Why, it's pretty great for tech news and beta apps, there are o ads and GUI is great.
1	Then what's the point... honestly?
0	If they do, I'm not going to pay for it.
0	It would have to randomly cycle through dozens of symbols per letter to be able to fool anyone.
0	WE DID IT REDDIT!
0	Guy owes child support. Stop him from making moneys!
1	No worries, the manufacturers and carriers will be updating your devices really soon...
0	How do I stop Windows 10 uploading my personal files and sharing private information with friends?
0	You may or may not be an asshole, but you're definitely a hypocrite.
0	Indeed. I realised afterwards, and answered someone who pointed that out.
0	Deprivation of income is a lousy defense.
0	The developer thought it would look better when he checks all the passwords together in plain text.
0	Many of those who are being targeted by this paint probably don't care if they pee on themselves.
0	Can you drag and drop text into them?
0	I don't mind a reasonable max limit. Don't want people sending too much data as a password, and DDoSing the login server.
1	Well, it was good enough for the OPM.
0	half of what you just said isnt true anymore and i linked the fuck out of that in my other comment.
0	It's good for finding new stuff and just keeping it interesting really. Like, if I sort of want to listen to something vaguely Muse-ish, I can put on Maps of the Problematique and then hit start radio, and it will put together a playlist in the background of music that's usually surprisingly similar to the song/artist you chose. It's good for long drives where I don't feel like DJ'ing my music.
0	Spotify may have the least intuitive UI I've ever used.  I still use it, but I hate it.
0	It seems to me, at the pace the world moves and changes these days, staying ahead of the curve and leveraging new technology and trends is going to be the only way for most businesses to stay in business. The average consumer is simply becoming too savvy, and also immune to many forms of advertisements.
0	OMG we have a heretic here people!! Where's my good rope!!
1	I'm sure this article must be exaggerating. If it was a really true, I'm sure the mainstream media would have covered it by now.
0	The kind of gullible uninformed people who will believe what the news media tells them without researching it at all themselves.  The sorts of people who are already suspect of the internet and computers because they just aren't comfortable with using either.  The kind of people that go in droves to the voting booths.  It's perfect for their target audience with this stuff.
0	But now it's easier to find the good stuff.  Just open the links at the bottom that tell you want to look for!
0	Yes, he does, but that's just all the more damning for those who try to use 'Christianity' to further their own selfish goals.
0	"Holy shit, have you not heard of the phrase ""never trust the client?"""
0	So literally nobody knows how to determine fact from fiction.
0	"That's why the word ""may"" is used. It can be interpreted as ""this call has the possibility of being recorded"" and ""recording of this call is allowed""."
1	The drano is used to make the meth. The flashlights are used so he can cook it in the dark.
0	It's always different when it's something that hits them directly.The same can be said for most people regardless of party affiliation.
1	There is no way this will be abused to advance any sort of political or ideological agenda at all.
0	I think the fiber was already in the works. Their FTTCurb equipment was obsolete and they could not get parts so they were converting those systems to FTTH. Unless DirecTV has some technology that ATT can use the satellite system for more than just TV I don't see what the big deal is.  Where they offer internet I see them losing video customers to cord cutting on both the Uverse and DirecTV side.
1	Anything beyond basic survival is a sin, and must be punished.
1	If you can afford Netflix, you can afford to pay a little more.
0	"South Park. The episode where Chef is getting married. His parents tell a story about meeting the Loch Ness monster. It routinely ask for ""tree fiddy"", which makes no sense to the kids. So they ask for some clarification. Tree fiddy = $3.50."
1	Good thing we still have 16,777,213 other localhost addresses for our 733t h@x0rings
1	Yeah because major cities in Texas are just falling apart.
0	Makes perfect sense. I think all the troubles at HP are due to the dress code - not mismanagement, stifling of creativity, etc.. Just the dress code.
0	I've had Prime for months now and I only learned about the streaming about a week ago.
0	"Reminds me how of the city of Palo Alto started trying to haggle Jobs into installing free Wi-Fi for everyone and other crap (like sleazy salesmen). He responded ""we pay taxes for you to do that."""
0	It's an example, buddy, not a real-world case study.
0	Yea fuck Labour laws. Who cares about child workers or slave Labour or minimum wage.
0	But that isn't what the appeal to common practice is.
1	Yes, seems like Chicago's government has their shit together.  I wonder what other politician came from this *great* city?  I'm sure he has his shit together as well.
0	I'm referring to issues in their app and with their service.  The stuff they have control over.  For example, they don't have the concept of disabling inactive accounts.  This causes issues when they are exploited.
1	But then how will the money trickle down? Pick yourself up by your bootstraps! It's just your peasant entertainment!
0	"I don't even know why people re-elected him. It seems like everyone all across the spectrum in Chicago dislikes the guy. He's done jack shit for Chicago thus far. He promised to ""do better"" if he got re-elected. He was full of shit. In the past Chicago and Illinois has looked the other way if our shitty politicians actually did a few things right. Mayor Daley prevented Chicago from becoming another Detroit in the late 90s. He helped make Chicago a world class city. So we put up with his buffoonery. Rahm hasn't really managed to do anything outside of taxing people and funneling all the city's money to infrastructure for downtown and expensive neighborhoods while everyone else is left to rot. His pockets are overflowing with money from telecoms and he even spoke against net neutrality, something his friend and former boss President Obama is trying to protect. Cronyism in the government is also still high. Shootings and violence are spiking and he has done anything effective to combat it."
0	"Next news, ""Netflix and Spotify now accept Bitcoin."""
0	Let's say they tax torrent use at 5%... 5% of 0 is... let me do the math...
1	Because then no more jobs would be created and it won't trickle down like uncle Ronny promised!
0	Anonymous payment, that's the point of Bitcoin and other cryptos.  It gets around BS like this.
0	Busses and Tri Rail are fine by me in Palm Beach county.
1	Yeah it sucks, please don't move here
0	I still wouldn't feel safe as long as there is a physical connection, but I can't control what cars I share the road with.  You can patch the drywall as much as you want, but they can always punch another hole.
1	Good thing it's the democrats in the city government implementing the taxes instead of the corporations, like it says in the first paragraph of the article, but hey let's bash business every chance we get!!
0	We shouldnt legislate what private people do with their time and property. No one is hurt by me giving someone a ride, even for money. it should not be against the law.
1	"Haven't you heard of the latest trend? It's called the ""scientific consensus."" You know, like how when a bunch of really smart people get together and discuss a controversial topic they all end up having the exact same opinions?"
0	Actually, the money you have in your hand, is actually debt that someone else (american treasury) owes.  The note is physical property of the issuer (FRB).
1	Oh yeah I have a Masters Degree in Vehicle Driving.
1	Then your friend needs to get a medallion and become a member of Taxi Cab driver's Union. You know, for the benefit from of society
0	Yeah, but they'll never figure out my default password!
1	Must of been that Fire phone price drop.
0	The human eye can't see past 30 MHz anyway.
0	But levelling the playing field should not consist of getting Uber to comply with the ridiculous regulations but to abolish the ridiculous regulations.
1	Oh those pesky taxi drivers losing their livelihoods almost overnight, being unable to support their families because the government isn't properly regulating, **how dare they!**
0	I don't think it's legal for taxi companies to offer discounts though, is it? The rate is one of those regulations.
0	Log on to the internet, set the temp in the bathroom and hallway. Wait for a signal to tell me optimum temp has been reached. Don't forget to set the temp for the floor cause who wants to walk on a cold floor.  When done reset the temp to below freezing.  In Socal it usually doesn't get that cold, sorry I can't empathize.
0	A single man could maintain, clean, and fill tanks for multiple driverless cars. No need for hundred of employees to drive for 8-12 hours a day.
0	Ransom Note 2.0
1	Wow, thanks!
0	Yes, its called concentrated pv, with current cell prices it has a hard time justifying the overhead of tracking and bulk costs
0	"Those ""clerks"" you are referring to are engineers and scientists with advanced degrees and trained on knowledge of the law. Source: Overworked patent clerk."
1	I've set up so many databases with a date and date time fields as an index field. I suppose I know have to pay royalties for all those databases I have set up over the last 15 years due their new patent.
0	STP in this case, do I win the pedantic olympics? :P
0	I love this link.
0	No but he was a slave driver and they loosened up after he dearly departed.
1	Hooray for users not having control over the devices they own!
0	That's good. Maybe I can actually watch a stream on source quality for once.
0	Fuck Minecraft. Ditched Java for good two years ago and I don't miss either.
1	Twitch chat sure doesn't sound like reddit at all
0	i dont think my UJ chipset (UnexpectedJihad processor) is compatible with this software, but thanks
0	As someone that has had credible death threats *daily* for *every year of high school* fuck the people it's never happened to that say we should just get a thicker skin or some such bullshit.
0	What's reddit?
1	Whoa whoa we have a dirty commie here trying to better society!
0	He mentioned harassment against people like Anita Sarkeesian shortly at the beginning before segueing into talking about revenge porn the rest of the video. Of course mentioning them caused predictable reactions in the usual groups.
0	I have actually seen it.  I think John Oliver occasionally misses the boat on some of his other pieces but this is a pretty good one.
0	"Exactly.  No way was I waiting for it to make it over here, I'd be spoilered within the week and then all the suspense would be ruined for me!  I do the same thing with doctor who because, while I have cable access to bbc america, I don't have access to my TV that night, and major plot points have been spoiled widely across media(social and otherwise) within 12 hours of the UK airing(roughly 5~ hours before the US airing) in the past.  It gets downloaded as soon as I get back from work and watched before I have to leave again, so I don't have to worry about the ""omg did you see X"" chatter."
0	A lot higher than bloody 50%, come on Aussies, you're not even TRYING :)
1	So? Are you telling me we should trust Germans now?!
0	Do you not use or own wi-fi?
1	Wow, why won't they let the young people vote?
0	One of the awesome things about Netflix is that I can let my wife and kid surf them without having to worry about shitty torrents or malware.  That's a significant advantage, but since I can't buy HBO by itself I sill pirate GoT
0	"They've been ""working on it"" for years... Still sucks when not downtown."
0	But I have unlimited data : (((
0	You'd think that, but budget cuts made them sell off or toss what should have been preserved as national heritage. They even accidentally filmed over the original moon landing film. Thankfully there's plenty of copies because it was beamed to news stations around the world. But still.
1	It's only 50 years away.
0	Does what?
1	THEY NEED IT TO PROVIDE YOU THE GREAT SERVICE YOU KNOW AND LOVE, GOSHHHHHH.
0	...When did I mention aliens? It would be much easier to let the cloning device on the time capsule do it, it could just be launched in orbit over Earth (waiting a certain number of years before descending and re-colonizing) or another planet that was already being terraformed/has a capacity for human life.  The advantage to being a space-faring species would be that we could launch one to another planet outside of our solar system.
0	All that would happen is the senate and congress would be treating the budget like a yo-yo and delay it by another 10 years.
1	But we have to think about our defense and safety! They're all out to get us!
1	Cool.  Now make it run Windows 10 PRO, have a couple of USB ports, have an attachable keyboard, have a docking port, and a decent battery life an you might succeed for a year in this already over saturated market.  Brilliant.
0	No. American beer is superior. They can bring those hamburgers with beets on them and some weird animals.
0	It can now, technically. If someone wanted to insert malicious code in an app to track people for murder purposes they absolutely could. Smartphone are tremendous security risks with or without a car. It just depends on how much risk you want to accept.
0	Make the pod bigger.
1	TIL No 2nd Amendment for Drones
0	SJW_00000 sounds about right.
1	Don't worry, there is security through obscurity.
0	California has additional protections especially for those in the technology sector on top of what you will see in other states.
1	Yeah it is, I guess I should stop worrying about my design for the primary display in the Boeing 777 as it's really annoying :)
0	So say we all.
1	But...but....the internet of things! It's the future right????
1	yes lets compare the same things here... good analogy.
0	Did you hear who Luke's father is?!
0	How so?
0	Comparing salaries is the key to unhappiness.
0	Pretty sure karma is negatively correlated with penis size :(
1	You'd think someone who works at google would know better. No wonder she was getting her bonuses denied. Ha!
0	Thank you, was getting really irritating reading all that in those tiny Twitter posts.
1	Those laws appear to be working
1	"Shh, we don't want your silly ""facts"" around here. Everyone knows there is no wage gap problem and that if women really wanted higher salaries they should just work harder and/or ask for them like men and everything would be equal."
0	In regard to signing up with seedy websites, uploading nude photos to the cloud, etc., people REALLY need to understand that there's no such thing as privacy on the Internet. Even if the company in question does their damnedest to keep your secret safe, it's only one zero day vulnerability away from being exposed to the world.
0	'the decision was made by an algorithm' biggest cop-out ever.
1	Boy, I love media articles that are actually one person tweeting their own perspective.
0	"I doubt Samsung refers to any product as an ""idevice-killer"". The press tacks that on to their stories and just makes Samsung look petty."
0	It should be obvious.
0	Did you just tell me to not talk down to people while talking down to me?
1	Oh thank God.
0	Instagram blows.  I've been trying to correct my email address with them for about a year now, and no luck.  They never respond to my customer service tickets.
1	I think he personally stole the account and was going to set it up as a front for his slavery ring
0	What an incredibly stupid waste of money. That $100 million could have brought clean water to third world countries, fed hungry people, set up shelters, funded clean energy projects, or lots of other useful goals right here on earth. In fact, it would have been more useful to invest that money with Space X or in environmental research like biodomes and terraforming. Instead it's going to get thrown away on a science fiction fantasy.
0	Similar issue with my blog; every decent handle was already taken and all are being squatted on.  Small-time guy just writing an article once a month, if that, so no way I'm getting it.
1	But what if we made them solar powered too? Surely that would be efficient and certainly not a completely horrific idea?
1	How dare other people care about stuff I don't care about! Don't people know they can't care about world hunger and an Instagram snafu at the same time?
0	This will just add fuel to the fire of towns building their own networks.
0	I meant, it was revealed to be a scam ? where ?
0	It's pretty cute that the quality you prize most in a football team is their jewelry.
1	Wow how innovative Apple.  Because we all know what Americans need more of is advertising and marketing.  Bravo!!
0	You could also open a fruit stand named Apple, but you couldn't open a computer store and name it Apple Computers.  Your trademark applies in certain areas.  The Beatles record company was Apple Music or something and there was a big lawsuit about that.
1	ugh it's not a sub-thread, it's a comment chain you nit wit
1	Youtube HD? What even is that? I'm rocking my 144p for $20 a month with Comcast. Mine has numbers on the end. Like 144 numbers more. Luckily I only ever want to do one thing online at a time on one device cause if I tried to do something else it would all freeze up.
0	"I'm allowed to do whatever the fuck i want, screw your ""laws""."
0	Do you have more followers now?
0	We don't have the bribe money for that, though.
1	Yeah, I'm sure Cristiano manages all his social media accounst himself
0	"A similar thing happened on tumblr with Lady Gaga. Tumblr gave her the blog URL ""amenfashion"", despite another user already having claimed it. However, that user didn't actively use the blog and it wasn't the primary blog connected to their account."
0	Feel free to share with the class.
0	Or a single operator will be in charge of a caravan of trucks.
1	That's just the market speaking.
0	Will they review it or just pass it?
0	Reading this thread you would almost think there would no benefits to providing high-speed internet to millions of people, who are participating in the same economy as we are and would obviously increase the demand for online goods and services
1	Feeling vindicated knowing my decision to stay with cassettes was a wise one!
0	Sound like the plot to a Nickelodeon movie.
0	Gt balmy balmy I am k.. Jj tb ky. Ill. I'll pop
0	i found an 8 track recorder once... it was part of a whole cabinet though so that was sad.
1	Didn't you guys hear? They've successfully caught all of the real criminals and locked them up so its totally fine to spend time/money/resources on this now
0	You should be able to set your client to seed nothing.
1	Without our dollars, Kanye won't be able to get North that island she always wanted for her birthday...
0	On the contrary, I think it's a shame we treat human kids the same as animals (!)
0	This is the reason, every single good lawyer will tell you: NEVER EVER talk to the police.
0	But then you would have air inside. Or would they just be solid rubber? Because that would be heavy..
0	ITT: Pessimists.
0	Fuck the police.  We gotta stop letting them hold civilization back for nothing more than making their jobs easier.
0	Don't care, long done with flash.
0	so google is partaking in censoring search results now? so will we only get a view of the world google wants us to see?
0	I did a little digging and it turns out that 99% of them are grid powered so my apologies. I did see Musk in a keynote show off a solar powered Supercharger but I guess it's a plan for the future not what we have now.
1	But Apple is all about privacy and not advertising!!!
0	i'de let him take me to quiznos
0	Koenigsegg's are $1 million+, not $500k. That's more like aventador or maybach money.
1	Yes but it has to be their version of free speech, duh!
0	The google car will not leave the road and will avoid crossing the centerline in all but the most extreme cases. The google car does not see the difference between a car full of baby nuns and kittens (or whatever your fear mongering wants to use) and a garbage truck so it may very well hit one or the other. What it will do however is drive in a manner that potentially avoids the accident in the first place and react to potential threats faster than a human can realize whats even happening. All of the examples you listed are things humans could fail to judge (and have, all the fucking time) just the same as a driverless. I've fucking seen an accident where a person has hit someone in the opposite lane try to avoid a goddamn football. Humans have to make all the same split second reactions as the car just with less speed and information. So go ahead and ponder how a real person would weigh all the moral decisions and outcomes in the tenths of a second before they are forced to act. Fucking hilarious.
0	Well, you know, maybe the tree fell into the road? :P
0	Just goes to show it doesn't matter how good your AI is, everyone else driving is still an asshat.
0	Yea your right, it was a hard fix. Some days I thought I had it running fine then bam. It would go weird. Didn't take long to get it working to not worry, but just some days you needed the truck even if it would go wonky.
0	TIL. Why did they ban the content then, if they switched?
0	I rear ended someone and it wasn't my fault! The idiot reversed into me.
1	A software environment connected to the internet can never be 100% secure. I'm sure spending more money will fix the problem like the senator suggests.
0	Eh, rear ending rates didn't really increase due to phones much, people are distracted for all sorts of reasons, phones included.
0	Not through  residential neighbourhoods they don't.  I mean, some people surely, but I'm talking about the general populace.
0	"On the bright side, it will always be statistically safer to be in self-driving car than driving oneself.  Unlike so many other dangers or ""dangers"" there will never be any ambiguity."
1	I can hand draw entire webpages faster than Chrome these days. :D
0	Nailed it. Let's go home boys, with a name like that, these babies will sell themselves!
1	The cars exchange QR codes before the drivers even step out.
0	I don't know about you but seeing some car driving itself would be pretty god dammed distracting.
0	That feeling when I can make the yellow light... And then the next 10 (because they are timed that way) and you are stuck playing red light, green light for 10 more minutes.
0	What? So you don't leave people any space to get over and then get mad when they make space?
0	Nope, American here, too many intersections to count where the optimal move is to floor it when the light turns green.  Usually after left turns, which is why I suspect this sort of thing is not completely avoidable by traffic engineers.
0	That was what the police told us. It was our fault and the car in front could report it as our fault. The guy told the cop no since it wasn't my friends fault
0	You're supposed to be aware of where there are not cars already, it was called something like the safety cushion in my driver's ed class.  I can't always maintain it while driving in heavy traffic, but when there's actually room for cars to spread out I always try to be aware of my safety escape route, a spot to my left or right where there are no other cars that I can merge to if I need to get out of my lane in an emergency.  You're not supposed to make this plan up when you see the emergency happen, ideally the plan will already be in place and you can simply execute.
1	What are you talking about? COD: Ghosts was like 70% off!
0	At a complete stop? Also, you can be pushed WAY farther than your breaking distance.
0	Is it really that surprising??
0	What a waste of a beautiful thing.
1	Yes, that's why Linux is so vulnerable, unlike Windows. The maintainer never looks at pull requests before he approves them.
0	How do you know that they were able to make it faster by dropping those compatibility-necessary things? Source?
1	take it to best buy?
0	I have 4k. It is heavily compressed and there are artifacts. That said it spikes up and down (as all streaming does) using up to 75Mbit of my bandwidth.
0	Nah, I wasn't trying to persuade him.  His mind's made up, and for the worst.  My post was for intellectually responsible lurkers.
0	Because other car companies can't make electric cars.. oh wait.
0	If you read the article, you'll see the details. It is not. :)
1	Oh good. Maybe they will beat iran to world domination then
0	Until it randomly stops working and you can never get it to run again
0	You can have the loosing party pay for the court costs.
0	haven't seen that.  I just have one firefox.exe running.  doesn't matter how many tabs I have open.  do I have to enable that?
0	(  )  -  Yes   (X)  -  No
1	Oh, come on. Nobody wants to kill the web browser equivalent of a blue screen of death. Get real!
0	The problem with HTML5 video is that people were given the choice to fuck over open source browser engines that couldn't ship patented code, or fuck over mobile users because only H.264 has hardware decode support on most ARM SoCs.  It's entirely the MPEG-LA's fault for being greedy shitbags over H.264.
0	Their prices and shipping speeds are still undeniable. With amazon I never even go to the mall any more. I save money on gas, parking(NYC charges for parking) and on time!
0	To be fair to amazon, they didn't lie when they advertised it as bigger than Black Friday. Putting lots and lots of crappy things on sale is lame but they didn't lie
0	Oh I can't wait to play ~~Summer Games~~ Mission: Impossible again!
1	Isn't this good news? They can finally give people free internet access at the small price of injected ads!
0	Either people are using bots or there are some REALLY dedicated users.
1	Wait, you can't use a 55 gallon barrel of lube?
0	"I think that there was a big misunderstanding between Amazon and customers. People were expecting good deals on high end items, brand new stuff, but got, well, a sale: older or less popular stuff in good prices, sprinkled with few good deals on electronics and a lot more ""fillers"" - basically mediocre offers."
1	I really wish they would sell some headphones
0	"I feel like whenever there's a yahoo article and I view it on my iPhone the first before being able to read the article is the ""Download the Yahoo News App."" Got it the first time, but seriously I have no reason to use a Yahoo News App, or any Yahoo app for that matter."
0	The average AAA Xbone game uses over 50GB of HDD space.
0	No, they just prefer their sex dry and raw.
0	While maybe some technologies should die, they haven't yet and removing browser support for these technologies doesn't make websites stop using them, it makes me switch browsers.  Chrome removing support for NPAPI based browser plug-ins like Microsoft Silverlight is a great example.  For my job I have to browse digital courthouse records through the websites of local county governments in Ohio and West Virginia.  They use Silverlight and God know they aren't going to update anytime soon.  So basically I had to switch from Chrome to Firefox at work to do my job.
0	I don't care. They should do. If you declare that Reddit no longer supports abusive subreddits, then the CEO should support that decision, or reject it entirely.
0	God, this is high school crap. Frankly I want a site I can talk about ideas, have a laugh and occasionally argue, all free from overbearing mods and seeing only subjects I'm interested in. Think you idiots can handle that? Because that's what I did for 8 years now. Not only did I not know who ran the site, as long as they left me free to do what I wanted, I didn't care. Still don't.
1	Well at least we caught the Boston bomber!
1	Gawker. Sounds credible.
0	And therein lies the beauty of it.  You don't have to rely on any specific entity to provide your feeds.  You can even setup your own server at home to draw in the newsgroups you prefer to see even if your university or ISP doesn't carry them.
0	Then get different insurance.
0	I don't think anyone was blaming pao for that. When they closed, every sub said this has been building up for a long time, but victoria firing was the straw that broke the camel's back
1	That won't be a political nightmare.  Not at all.
0	They're quoting a post, verbatim, from Reddit.  If you want to get mad at them, do it for engaging in cut and paste journalism
0	Reddit is a gold mine. But they are still not sure how to get the gold out of reddit. All this bs that happens behind the scene is part of getting the gold out. Everyone is willing to throw others under the bus for that sweet gold.
0	What is his position?
0	Eh, currently the circlejerk is the bigger joke, so it's worth it to call them out.
1	Gawker is a trusted and well respected and reputable new outlet.
0	Free speech doesn't mean you can go around saying whatever the fuck you want with zero consequences...
0	"What do you mean ""whoops"". Getting rid of hate based subreddits is a bad thing?"
0	How do you read something if it's not written?
1	You forgot to
0	Salty much? Sorry that I like my phone to work without constant tweaking. And that I like awesome customer service. And I like not having my phone loaded with bloatware by the phone manufacturer.
0	Overpriced generally means people aren't buying it because it's too expensive. iPhones are still the most popular smartphones in the world.
1	Just like my iPhone 4 right now. Nice and lightning fast just like the day I first turned it on!
0	I can't remember the email address or password associated with it , I've tried contacting the sites webmaster but haven't heard a reply in over 2 years
1	Facebook will save us all!
0	You're stuck on definitions, so I figured words mattered to you. Use them correctly please.
0	I also don't want anybody to underestimate just how badly Flash performs, Apple or no Apple.
0	And if that threshold is below what the site needs to stay afloat, then it will sink regardless of what the users want.
0	Yes it would have happened, just maybe not as fast. Its taken a decade though...doesn't sound like Apple's decision had as much influence as I would have expected, or it just couldn't break through the inertia that is Adobe.
0	I'm a criminal every day of my life with  speeding, jaywalking, making right turns on red. I am constantly trying to avoid cops because they might have a warrant out for my behavior.
0	Sure, I suppose
0	"That would be great, if HTML5 can fit that bill. I don't really care which language is supported in the browsers to accomplish it (my wife has started programming in Swift and said it made it easier to develop apps, and I heard it was being made open source so anybody could support it, even if it were just a lite version like SwiftScript or something that ran in browsers...) Anyway, I really don't like the trend of all the companies that used to say ""visit our website!"" now saying ""download our app!"" -- I can see that the apps work much better on my phone than the corresponding websites, but I don't like the hassle of downloading apps instead of visiting websites, and I don't like the implications for net neutrality of every site needing to be replaced by an app from an app store."
1	What's the point of option and competition and preference when opinions others than mine is a mistake right ?
0	The explanation does not change the fact.
0	And all the revenge porn and public shaming of overweight people you can stomach!
0	Who? It seems like she was never introduced and is also missing from the team page.
0	Such a thing always happens in a democracy.
1	So, aren't we going after his head too?
1	dont give gold untill Pao is hired back! :)
0	No idea.
1	Prove it.
0	We did it, Reddit!
1	the benefit of the doubt only applies to white men
0	Omfg can people fucking stop with this
0	There you are!
0	Came here to say this, first thing popped in my head. Lucky, supposedly ATT is also coming with their 1g service at a much much better price. (Its pretty bad when you say lucky and ATT in the same sentence.)
0	Because it's a default sub and a certain group wanted to push their new agenda to the front page. Take note that the comments are suspiciously filled with users that frequent SRS and SubredditDrama.
0	I heard about Voat earlier, and was thinking about visiting. My bad.
0	It's actually not hard to do this if you're familiar with Linux, there's even distros designed to replace router firmware.
1	Right, because they delivered so well on their 60Mb service, lets enter a 2 year agreement in the amount of a car payment for some lovely shared bandwidth gig service!
0	Riding their own coattails these days it seems. I'm not even a fan of the iPod or iPhone anymore (I've owned multiple iPods and an iPhone) but I miss the days where news coming out of Apple was juicy and exciting.
1	"But who are they to put their desires for ""serious business"" above the ideal of free speech?"
0	The link says either.
0	So, two subs that probably had child porn, a sub that hosted stolen images, and the doxx sub which I assume was being used to go after individuals and out their real life identities. I don't know too much about their origins, but I don't think they created voat to skirt the law. I think they were just trying to create a more transparent reddit.
0	I bet reddit was involved.
0	No they dont
1	What, I should read an excellent article instead of dismissing it based on a rhetorical device in the title? Stop offending me, I want to live on in my misogynistic circlejerk here on reddit
0	I'm guessing you've never been there.
1	These sites never heard of Norton?
1	So, what you are saying is, most redditors view it as a threat?
0	They can't do that yet because they still have competition.  If they drive enough cab drivers away because of the stiff competition, then they would be able to do that.
1	Thank god apple invented radio on the internet
0	It doesn't take half a brain to run a DDoS script.
0	I'd imagine that Genyo Takeda will take over.
1	The only way to fix that is with the perfect republicans that can never do no harm.
0	Nothing old about 56, way too soon.
0	And those cases are usually the fault of the business-owner anyway. If they don't manually claim their listing and only rely on the information scrubbed by Google then they should expect to lose customers.
0	Schedule slip happens all the time with major projects.  Again, not news.
0	Europe is underpopulated
0	Deserved is subjective unless it was something outrageous.  But we can at least assume it wasn't because she was showing up to work 5 minutes late every day.
0	As has been said a million times and will likely be said a million more, it was the behaviour, not the ideas.
1	She made it so I can't bully and harass people, she's evil!
0	"The article says ""he won't reverse"". He said ""reevaluate all her decisions from first principles."" Those kinda aren't the same."
1	No man, I won't ever visit London ever again because I won't be able to use whatsapp for the weekend
0	I found the Anti-GG.
1	Big surprise.
0	What are you talking about? Because it doesn't seem to be anything from the article, or even just its title.
1	WAKE UP SHEEPLE!!!!!
0	If I want a camera it is going to be mine and attached to my house.  It's not going to be attached to a street light and pointed at my house.  The potential for abuse is incredible if a government had cameras in every neighborhood.  I know for sure that my government couldn't be trusted to put trustworthy individuals in charge of that program.  The idea that those officials will then hire equally honest people is unlikely.
1	Don't you realize that a touch based UI is best used on a mouse/pad based system?
0	Only if the resulting combinations actually *mean* something. What does it matter if there are a few extra bolts thrown into the mix if transcription enzymes can't usefully process them?
0	I was talking about the NHS but education up to uni is free
1	Yeah, I can see that ending well.
0	Why not just install adblock and then only enable it on these sites then disable it on site you actually want to support their ads?
0	Of course I'm talking about Miliband. Let's try and be sensible, please! :P
1	"I'm finding that I really love Opera as a browser. Firefox is always hanging and crashing on every PC I own. I really get sick of Firefox having issue in linux, windows and on mac. Always with the crashing or bad scripts. Opera seems to work well, is fast, and multi-platform. Chrome feels like a freaking sponge for my user data, so I avoid it. Also I like having system ram available to me, instead of chrome eating everything. ""Just get rid of extensions!"""
0	Oh come on, if you can't see the difference between having a camera monitoring a public street and the government intercepting private conversations then you're deluded.
0	Pretty sure the UK started as a police state and has gradually winded down. It was never let in, just not fully forced out.
1	"Are you speaking about the kind of ""free"" trade capitalism we have today where government regulates everything on behalf of crony corporate lobbyists?"
0	And you assert this based on what evidence? She's been compared to dictators and fascist leaders of other races as well. Her name rhymes with Mao. The are many justifications to invoke the comparisons that have nothing to do with race.
1	It's a COMMUNITY
0	well there we go. Hope reddit is happy now. lets get on with our goofy pictures, interesting articles, and outrageous discussions.
1	Because only women can be ugly. Men just get money.
0	She already has a job I thought
0	"With all this media hullabaloo about Florida and whatnot, I'm afraid of the state now. But seriously, there's always something going on with this ""Florida man""."
0	All of them are being reposted by ellen herself.
0	Good timing too. Her choke hold on the user base and censoring was getting bad
1	Yes it is because we are all in it
0	Real question is if we have enough jars for all the smug about to come out of srs.
0	The circlejerk is easily scared. But it will return, and in greater numbers.
0	Bruv please tell me you're not one of those KiA bellends?
1	What? Witch hunts are great! We caught the Boston bombers, right guys?
0	Steve Huffman needs to rehire Victoria Taylor
1	Well that was unexpected
1	yey for shitty bail systems
0	It's funny because you two agree, but you don't realize it
0	i have no idea, he fucked up for sure. I'm just complaining about the fact that there is no contact between my family and his lawyer.
0	Disaster capitalism. Set up the disaster, then respond with austerity and draconian controls for national security or safety, etc.
0	Actually....1
1	Wow, if we let them merge forever, they'll give **four** years of discounted service to people in need ~~as long as they qualify for food stamps, weren't an AT&amp;T customer for six months and don't have any outstanding balance with them~~...what are we waiting for?!
0	What's up?
0	By their definitions, everyone.
1	That's so nice of him.
1	No, no, only the FBI (these guys are our friends remember) will know how to get through the backdoor.  Security will still be just as tight elsewhere.
0	Well, it's a good thing that after 5 years, you're still wrong!
0	Easiest way to get out of jury duty these days, ask them what jury nullification is.
0	Hold my small naked baby I'm going in
1	"Yup, good target practice for those PAK-FAs that can't take off without catching on fire and that no one wants because ""they're severely overhyped and drastically underperform"" (at least according to India), or those Su-27s that are grounded because they're pieces of shit."
0	Could also be your phone if it's old.. I know someone on Verizon that gets shit coverage everywhere and my T-Mobile phone is fine
0	What's a flood?
0	Please show us some examples of municipalities selling their internet infrastructure. If you have none I can only assume you are a shill and your upvotes were paid for. I am open to being corrected however.
1	I would hope for Livonia, but our mayor doesn't even have a computer on his desk. I love the duopoly the city offers to Brighthouse and ATT
0	How the hell is San Jose not one of the cities, but Vallejo is?!
0	Hmm my city is not on this but I think it's because they already started... But they're taking forever so I wish they'd say it again.
0	I don't even know why I'm surprised, I should've seen that
0	I've never even heard of Carl Junction. Is that where the llama Carl takes his victims?
1	Yea... I'm right in at&amp;t's backyard. Wonder why my town isn't on the list.
1	But Michigan has Comcast, why would we need anything else?
1	Oh but they wouldn't have backdoors in their products because national security.
0	As a Giants fan, I agree
1	So proud of Michigan :') no cities on the list!
0	Seriously Im pissed af right now. Who even lives in Lakeland. It's probably cause Orlando is in bed with AT&amp;T.
0	Agreed. I switched from Sprint to T-Mobile, and the coverage was actually worse (than Sprint's, how is that even possible?). And in addition, since there were no T-Mobile stores nearby, I couldn't even test drive the network. Now I'm happily on Verizon.
0	I was going to say ratings, but you're also right.
0	Basically what happens to all Apple products they see no future for like the iPod line.
0	But you can't have a back door that just works for the NSA. You ether have encryption that is unbreakable to anyone or weak to everyone.
0	You gotta stop putting that poopy on a pedestal.
0	"I just saved a lot of time and made an email filter for the word ""unsubscribe"" and now all junk mail gets sent there and stays out of my inbox"
0	Most people would still have a problem even having lost nothing. That's my point.
0	Yep, take the STE off his desk.
1	But the DHS said it was not a cyber breach.  So we are all safe.
1	Yes, being in direct competition with the people who owns the content you want to host seems like a good idea.
0	Right.
1	Yeah, but what if they can wiggle out of it and continue their practices? It's their god given right to do so.
0	I get daily calls from the Extended Car Warranty people.  Most days I just tell them I've had myself taken off their list (which is true), but some days I fuck with them just to stay entertained.
0	But doesn't this confirm you are a human and thus a new verified lead they can probably now sell to other shady businesses?
0	I'll never forget that seminal case of the State of Nebraska vs. Double Dogs. Really changed the legal landscape with that precedent.
0	People trying very hard to throw themselves at the ground
1	You mean Edward Snowden's word is no longer good enough?
0	Watch out Tom Scott!!
1	Yep. $300+ iPhone accessory. Shocker that it's not selling well
0	And then there are 3 ass-watch comments in a row!
1	But the rate will only be good for 12 months.  After that normal rates apply.
1	Who would have thought that something associated with Best Buy would be a scam?
0	I would never spend the money but I find mechanical watches pretty facinating, accurate or no
0	I have a moto 360 that I love. First thing is that no one notices I'm wearing a smart watch unless I show them or we are having an extended conversation. More importantly, it keeps my phone in my pocket. I can respond to important texts and calls more quickly than before and ignore the unimportant notifications without interrupting what I was doing before.
0	But your 1 year older iPod 1st Gen is obsolete. You can't connect it to your computer anymore.
0	yeah, but you'd look silly with a tablet on your wrist
0	It is WAYYYY too expensive to do the same, if not less, than other android watches or pebbles.
0	It't not even for sale over here. And also it's sold out mostly right?
0	I don't know, it says they sold 1.5 million in the first week. Even if they only sell 150,000 a week the rest of the year, that is still over 9 million sales @$350+, 3.15 billion in sales. And next year they will make a new one. I think Apple knows what they are doing.
1	Yeah, let those grandkids solve their own problems. We got nothing to do with them.
0	There's a difference between being transparent and leaving your pants down.
0	This would be true if the entire thing were solely her decision. But... do we know that that is true?
1	Wooooooooooo
0	I don't think you understand why people are upset. It isn't because Victoria was fired, that was just the spark. It's because of all the censorship, how reddit is completely giving up on what it once stood for in exchange for more money.
1	But she apologized so clearly everything is ok now.  Everyone should buy her gold.
1	Eh, just use interposers on SATA drives. Whats the worst that could happen?
0	I've never seen more than 10,000 people even bother to upvote a post on the front page. Yet 200,000 people took the time to follow a link and fill out a form to sign a petition.
0	So then what's the problem?
0	At some levels. At others it is done in house.
1	You sound like a great person to be around
0	Needless to say that client found someone else to bitch at about it and remains hot spareless to this day.
1	But it's not even real money.
0	I hear livers bring good money. And you can always sign up for testing experimental medicine
0	Lol didn't realize you were talking about the remote desktop connection feature. Will read about back orifice though, thanks.
0	Fk yeah.  Forgot about that one.
0	I think the w10 start menu is worst than the one in 8.1  I'll stick with Classic Shell.
1	You mean everyone isn't using a giant tower with 12 bays in it?
1	They're leading by example!!!
0	When she chose not to listen to the community that demanded that she step down as CEO of Reddit
0	Brb looking to get rid of this account
1	Pfft if its so ultra rare why were all these knock off electronic stores in my hometown selling them since 99?
0	Luckily Google is coming to the rescue on that. They're lowering the page rank for sites that don't properly support HTTPS. While many sites don't give a shit about security, they care deeply about SEO, so they'll be spending money to switch to HTTPS.
0	Even god would rage quit Demon's Souls.
0	It's not going to be, in any way, cooler than a custom game made for a system whose OS actually went through prod cycles and is proven.
0	My question is: In a *few* years, he was unable to get a power adapter? Most electronic devices show not only the polarity, but also the voltage needed. You can run a 1A adapter safely with most things too. If the plug is an odd one, open up the console and solder on a standard one -  it really is that simple.
0	Headline writer doesn't know how internet works.
1	Im a really good guy, I just had a little blip one day when I killed someone.
0	I am on reddit everyday. I don't use this website for the default subreddits because they are cesspools of idiocy and hiveminded comments (such as this whole Pao situation). Instead I stick to sports subreddits and a few things I am interested in.
0	Or, the ol' money hidden in an old console pics. Those are always good. Play it off like, yeah my old playstation, open it, what's inside? then post after you made the sale for the product of 541897450982437052346 dollars.
1	Hehe.. That's not the *only* thing is it
0	I think at least it'd exist on both locations.
0	Of note: the founders of Hacking Team were the guys who created Ettercap
0	The S4 is the last Samsung appliance I'll own. I'm sick of their shit.
1	Because most of reddit doesnt up/downvote
0	Check the replies below my original comment. I tell a story about exactly that. I'm speaking from experience with the power chase I went through as a mod on a big forum over a decade ago.
1	Spoiler alert!?!
0	I wish there was a alternative website where users could move on and if that website needed funds, redditors could fund that alternative website to stand on its leg due to traffic instead of staying on this corporate milking cow and protesting for something when entire corporation doesnt give from day 1l.
0	It's hard to hear what the members have to say with your head up your ass.
0	Signing an online petition takes little more time than giving a downvote.  How many subscribers did fph have?
1	Don't be silly
1	Yes it will be better when corporate advertisers and professional PR firms tell you what you want to hear and tell you what is popular and entertaining.
0	Who gives a shit about Victoria?
1	Oh well...there's always LiveJournal.
0	They're working on fixing that, I'm sure.
0	I was under the impression Wikipedia had staff that did moderating, which is why they always have the yearly donation thing. But I really don't know
0	No, he doesn't. He also doesn't know how much reddit has made in the past few years. Everything he posted is pure speculation.
1	It's a good thing we''re just a small minority
0	AMAs are one of their biggest marketing tools and they effectively removed their expert on the subject of AMAs.
0	Uh...clearly Victoria was an integral part of their public relations to their highest and most profitable avenue... denying free of charge training is literally a dumb business move particularly when you've relied on someone for so long they understand nuisance to the position that didn't even exist when the site started.
1	I remember when it was only a 'highly vocal minority' that complained about the changes at Digg when things there started going downhill there. Of course Digg is still around so i guess there is nothing to worry about.
0	I remember seeing it climbing up and up in votes and then dropped and got stagnant every since.  Thanks for the link.
0	That's the weakest justification I've ever seen. So because users are 'uninterested' it's ok to do it anyway right? This woman is deluded.
1	"At a certain point, even if ""the vast majority"" is uninterested, it becomes a conversation you have to have with yourself whether or not you want to do the right thing and protest and ""whine"" and kick and scream, or just let something you love (yes, even a website, or an online community) become awful. The vast majority of the US doesn't vote, either, and look at how well that turns out."
0	The problem with your logic is that submitters give zero fucks about this crap, just like normal redditors.  Submitting content is as easy as it's ever been.  This is really just a mod issue, and apparently it's only a big deal on the bigger subreddits.
1	Ron Paul 2016 or who is it now?  Oh yeah, Bernie Sanders the 73 year old grandpa that is going to be the next president!!!!
0	"Lot's of states are At-will employment states which means you can be let go at any time or leave at any time. You cant fire somebody due to race, religion, disability and a few other things I can not remember. That doesnt mean people arent fired for being one of those things. Being able to prove it in court of law can be difficult. Fired for an unlawful reason doesnt happen very often- but it happens more frequently then you think. Unless somebody from the company says ""I fired X because they're (insert phrase about race, gender etc) it becomes very hard to prove in court that you were fired for an unlawful reason."
1	It really is, isn't it? Took me a few hours of thinking
0	MOST CEOs are out of touch!
0	From what I've learned, she's kindof a moron.  and what scares me, is that she became ceo of reddit.
0	Do you actually know who Pao is? Know any of her terrible history?
0	Oh, at least you're providing quality comments to a website you seem to hold so dear, on an issue related to a person you never met, yet seem to have such a strong opinion about.  Way to prove whatever point it is you're trying to make. Bravo.
0	Because she's an arrogant asshole that thinks she's better than everyone else, while simultaneously somehow managing to be oppressed and subjugated constantly.
0	Hey, pussy's pussy
1	I don't believe you, I'm sticking with the couch expert.
0	Serious question here guys: How often did he change his diaper?
0	Isn't the joke how often he files for bankruptcies though?
0	Thats a reasonable stance to have, you just kinda said it in a dismissive way that made it seem like the people from the project wasted their time.
0	What a time to be alive!
1	So since people are calling for Pao to be fired, I'm guessing we've found out *why* Vic was fired, and this isn't just typical reddit overreaction?
0	If Bernie Sanders presidential bid doesn't work out I'll give him a call
1	Oh wow! I didn't even notice! America truly is the greatest country in the world!
0	2 minutes of Googling will solve all your problems.
0	That's rather surprising.
1	Because a part time AMA assistant totally has the expertise to run a company
0	not if they are afraid of a discrimination lawsuit.
1	No, of course she'd just admit she's a power hungry cunt who won't relinquish the position
0	It's over 70k now
1	Shoulda used MongoDB
1	Trolls on reddit? Since when?
0	From the information I have that I cannot disclose, I would guarantee  that it's not as ready as they want it to be. That's not a bad thing though as you mentioned. Better to have quality as opposed to rushing a crap product out.
0	we're now just about 20k short of 75k
0	"Who cares? If you actually care about this, you need to get out of your house and get a life. Seriously, this is your ""call to action""? Pathetic."
0	You are misunderstanding. She was put into power by the board of directors and gently recommended by the previous CEO.
1	I'm glad I'm having a discussion with reasonable, logical thinkers.
0	Right, they're no longer owned by Conde Nast, they're owned by the company which owns Conde Nast, Advanced Publications.
0	But the memo no was real, no?
0	Yep. I agree, that doesn't mean the group of pissed off people is smaller.
1	29,986. Think we could hit 100k and make the white house comment on it?
0	Can't change titles.
0	Link to that thread?
0	Oh come now, she wasn't an executive
0	because that s how public relations works! not.
0	Because the site is mostly children
1	Yeah I never would have tried to figure out why my subs were all private
0	I wonder how many of these people go to the grocery store manager demanding to know why the cashier was fired.
0	Wait, could someone theoretically interfere with communications of their neighbors by spoofing their own mac address? sounds like a security concern.
0	tfw all my favourite subreddits are blacked out, fuck you chairman pao
0	"Yeah, saying the ""feature is down"" makes it sound like it's a vital part of the site that Victoria is solely responsible for. I don't mean to belittle what she's contributed, but all of these mods are on strike because she was fired without any warning or reasoning, not because the site can't function without her."
0	Don't even think about sexting.
1	You fool. That infrastructure literally built itself and does not have a cost to maintain. All tax is theft!
1	Chicago is full of corrupt douchebags? Well that's new and different
0	"You're fucking with the whole ""pursuit of Happiness"" bit, Chicago."
0	Keep in mind Netflix isn't getting hit with additional taxes, just the customers. Netflix will see the exact same profit as before, sans people angry about the 9% jump in prices of course. Why would they dump a load of customers?
0	For reference, NBC Universal is owned by Comcast.
1	Not being miserable is a privilege.
0	Why shouldn't people pay taxes on this? We pay taxes on everything else, why should Netflix be tax-free?
0	I generally don't think Americans are truly capable of revolution anymore, especially since the bourgeoise have figured out to give us plebs just enough creature comforts to stay home rather than rallying in the streets (thanks indoor plumbing, electricity, and digital devices); however, a tax on *amusement* might actually topple the apathy and get people politically motivated. I suspect that this tax will be repealed before it causes any real damage to the status quo.
1	Can confirm,  I drive over 300 miles a day on Chicago roads and highways.  The speed limits 75 now, isn't it?
0	He appeals far more than the rest of the democrat lineup. Although, that's not saying much.
0	Ah of course, didn't think of that. Time to get a new credit card with the bill sent to mom's house!
0	I also think Chicago is being stupid here, but you pay an awful lot for parks &amp; rec, national parks, wildlife preserves, etc.
0	Good.  People need to go outside and exercise.
0	How the fuck does a property tax work for a fucking game?
0	What's to stop people from changing their billing address to Oklahoma?
0	Over they're.
1	It's speeding scum like you that are the reason car accidents happen. I hope you rot in jail.
0	Can you provide sources on this point? I've seen this referenced in a few conversations but have been unable to locate any source backing the claim that the TPP will be released 60 days before vote.
1	But please, all this increased cost will get more money for R&amp;D of new drugs.
0	Now you know the confusion we feel when we first hear an American talking about eating a kiwi.
1	Well sin taxes are generally to get people to stop doing something...  So in this case - they want you to get off the computer, and go the fuck outside.
0	10 years ago I had a high deductible plan that covered my entire family for less than $200 a month.  It was great.
0	That's the nature of negotiations though. Most people take extreme positions and then compromise somewhere in the middle. If everyday people saw any radical positions the whole thing would fall apart. As long as we get to see the final document before it's implemented, which we will, I don't really have a problem with it.
0	You just made me realize how much time I've spent on steam
1	Can you blame him? CSI looks so real!
1	No, you're wrong. Obviously there was some white racist at Google who did this on purpose :P
0	"I always knew those internet speed tests were up to something... ""Sending random data"" my ass... More like terrorist data"
0	Great - a whole generation of socially inept people that can't interact in public.  There's more to school than book learning.
0	A person with their head up their ass is a subset of boomers, not the other way around.
0	Unless you buy a fully flexible fare - and anyone outside of business class *very* rarely does - you won't be getting your money back. There's not a lot more they can do, short of fining you for not turning up.
0	Wow. What a myopic view to think that voting will actually fix it what it hasn't been able to fix in the past.
1	They swore under oath ofc
0	This happened awhile ago and the court case vs United Airlines has already been thrown out. It's a great website though and has already used it twice and will be using it again in the fall.
0	I am so freakin' glad I never have to set foot in Illinois and especially the insufferable communist wannabe called Chicago.
1	Meh, it's $400k life insurance for a military life.
0	Exactly. To me its a lot like the Uber vs Taxi thing. People are going on about how Uber is illegal because they havent paid the licensing and all that and its unfair to Taxis who do have to. Well people wouldnt be driven to using Uber if Taxis werent so shitty. Yeah they can be expensive, thats only one thing. Taxis also provide a shitty service, cab drivers are also usually pretty sketchy and will try and scam/take advantage of tourists. Uber is way better in every way. The legality of it is in a gray area, but the morality of it is 100% sound.
0	I'd be more concerned about MiGs.
1	sure is a good thing they never stopped.
0	We have more B2s than F35s
0	Is that because we're whoring it out to every nation? To keep the per unit costs down?
0	For 8 bucks an hour you'd only make $24 dollars in 3 hours, less once tax is taken out. So you'd still be pissed.
0	Because, believe it or not, it's possible to maintain such a network without toppling governments and bombing people.  We have always had enemies and we always will; it would be quite helpful to have a way of finding out said enemies' plans and secrets.  The insane policies we've pursued along the way don't change either of those facts.
0	Not like their speed are all that great in the first place.
0	Eh, the Spectre 360 is pretty good.
0	How do people spell the name wrong when it's in the title?
1	this cant be it.
0	I'm not in a union and I don't have any of the ugly sides.
1	I wish they could just charge us up front for the sites we want to visit.
0	I suppose you do support your different content providers.
0	It seems like Stern has hushed some of the regular employee drama since earlier this year. I don't keep up with it. Any explanation or am I listening at the wrong times?
0	Put all your eggs in one planet.  Good luck with that.
0	I don't see that that follows at all.
0	Then tickle them a little.
0	This is my surprised face :-|
1	This is looking fun from a support standpoint, can't wait :)
0	I think that someone should gather and maintain the list of telemetry  and other stuff IPs so anyone could ban them on their router
0	How do you mean
0	"That's probably exactly what it was before someone said something like ""But it needs a windows 10 reference to get clicks and SEO!"" so they opted to make a mess of the title."
1	But Google is the company of innovation totally not living off selling ads and marketing data
0	Then you've never driven on 35, like ever.
0	Nah he isn't I forced him.
1	yes because that's the message i was trying to convey.
0	They aren't made of styrofoam. It would simply annihilate the drone in nearly every instance.
0	Surely it depends on what you get for the money. It sure beats the crap out of a monthly cable bill.
1	"Oh shoot I forgot that I had typed ""exactly helium and nothing else but helium would work."" when I meant to type ""helium or something else."""
0	I use to rent it from Blockbuster. It was fun.
0	What about people who want to play games that aren't supported on linux.
0	That said it uses 5600MHz to 5650MHz...where does 2.4GHz come into it?
0	WINE is not an emulator
0	shameless plug to r/pcmasterrace
0	Zoho
1	Sounds like pretty burdensome regulation for these big businesses to have to deal with, good thing the GOP hates burdensome regulation on big business and will support us in this fight.
0	"Well, ""allowed"" is still not really true. I don't know about iPhones, but on Android phones rooting means losing your warranty."
0	So I know this is a lot easier said than done, but why not just remove all the the computer parts and make the tractor fully mechanical?
0	Music Key is bundled with Google play, I was a beta tester for it. It's going to be $7.99/month with no ads for music videos, background play for all videos, and the ability to save videos offline. Not sure why people are complaining about paywalled content either, YouTube has had that for a while now with TV shows and movies.
0	Wrong. It has been supported by advertising revenue for 2 decades. Advertising revenue that is gradually falling away due to things like adblock.
0	I have a bit more faith in the google engineers than that. I mean, I'm pretty sure the car will know when its door is open.
0	We do what we can.
0	I meant you are allowed to only do one round-trip in your lifetime, because you will use up your lifetime radiation exposure limit.  NASA is bound by occupational exposure limits set by other parts of the government.
0	Son of a bitch. I've been had.
0	When a driver is clearly trying to shove pedestrians out of the way (as in turning or moving into the crosswalk area) I walk at a snails pace, just to fuck with them.
0	Why would anybody want to own a car? Just tell your phone where you want to go, turn around and get into the self driving car that immediately stopped for you.
1	Naw, they will just make sure that only the government can legally use those devices. After all why would citizens ever have a need to know about anything the government does anyway
0	Fucking hipsters. Maybe Google can program the cars to just run over them.
0	It wouldn't make rooting illegal, but it would get locked down further. Rooting allows you to exploit inconsistencies in the radios code, something that isn't even possible without root. This is rubbish.
0	This is news why? It's just a law enforcement tactic.
0	Blocking ads from the future?  Noice.
0	It's dead Jim.
0	Too many websites still use it because alot of Web based programs are flash ever had a browser crash it's probably shockwave
1	But they show you the truthhh... wake up sheeple
0	HAHAHA, he said it cause he owns a copy of Hitler's speeches and according to his ex wife he reads them. This guy is a clown.
0	"""We gotta server down!  Call in fire support!"""
1	A quick google puts the bullets it fires at 30mm, at that scale the material wouldn't matter even a rubber bullet would kill just by passing within a few inches of someone. So I'm all for it because it means the police won't ever have to shoot anyone
1	Well, if their internet is out, what are they gonna do, post about it on Twitter?
1	Because Hitler was vegetarian?
0	cox ftw i guess
0	Wouldn't be possible to do by hooking up both sender and receiver to tor, and to get the tor to build a new circuit?
0	Its not infectious, but pointless.  Its a screenshot of the downdetector site that shows what many have already posted.
0	Or maybe downdetector is having issues, and it is showing as everyone else having issues?
0	Man, maybe that's why I was winning those eBay auctions so easily earlier. Thanks outage!!
1	A couple of weeks ago TMO, VZW and Sprint were all down in the same areas. Must be the NSA installing there hardware on the internet backbones of the major ISPs.
0	The NSA was updating Windows 10
0	ATT Ethernet and Sprint Copper... So-Cal... no issues here.
1	Cant get news if the internet down
0	Micro-managers are a pain and can make a company not-fun to work for and I really don't think that they are an efficient use of the CEO's time, but as long as the CEO's nit-picking vision is one that will be accepted by the customer (see Steve Jobs) then the company will do okay. The omissions in the Tesla imply that that's not sufficiently true for Musk.
0	Yeah, they were still under safety limits, but still, when they don't really provide much actual security, why get the added rads on top of the flying and everything else. It's really just expensive, unneeded risk.
1	you cant call the Bitcoin CEO because he is already dead.
0	I know what he's talking about, you're just out of the know.
0	Undefined if I remember my math.
0	The M5 hands this thing it's ass.
0	Seeing a Carrera and an Eclipse compared makes my head hurt.
0	Meh, it's not like you can change ISP like that. I would prefer using work-arounds than paying all the fees and having the hassle of swapping ISPs.
0	Rovio, you might want to learn a lesson from another company called Zynga, probably haven't heard of them in a while because they suck now.
0	I only use Google Play Music because I have virtual money from Google Rewards that I can't spend any other way, so money goes to the devs and I get free stuff. Win win situation
0	People torrent on their phones, or does T-mo do wired connections too?
0	Why? The alternative is overage charges or a hard stop. I'll take the throttle.
1	Naw this asshole goes to a few live shows a year and buys a few CDs, that's good enough to make up for the hundreds of hours of music from hundreds of artists he listens to every year. Fuck the system, maaaan.
0	Good I dont give a shit what record companies make, I want the artists I like to get money. If the music came from someone who already has millions of dollars, I am not paying for it. If I have downloaded or get some tracks from friends from some new artist or group, if I feel it, when they come to town im gonna go to the show, and drop $10 on a CD and show some love.
1	It's okay no one lives there.
0	Probably a couple of miles.
0	Don't worry it will still probably cost $20 an hour and have a Wi-Fi signal that only covers like 10 seats.
1	Hi.  I am a net neutrality advocate.  What I would like is for a publicly held company to invest billions of dollars in building the infrastructure that carries my data, and then access that network, and if anyone tries to monetize that conduit, FUCK them!
1	I can't wait for the hippies to get this research shut down, thus ensuring our dependance on fossil fuels for even longer!
0	No, you're completely wrong. Tesla never had work that would produce free energy.
0	"It isn't stored anywhere. It's saved as a hash only on the device. That's why you have to set a new one even if you restore from backup. It's in something called the ""secure enclave"" on iPhones and cannot be accessed by memory. The device sends the fingerprint data to the enclave and the enclave says ""yes, that's valid"" or ""that's not the right fingerprint"" back. Your fingerprint is never saved anywhere in its entirety."
0	Which makes it a Supreme Court. An appeal to the Constitutional Court would mean that it's no longer a civil case, but a constitutional one, which is completely different.
0	Lol the law case was a decoy until they replace it with something better, and replace they did
1	Oh yeah, that TouchWiz UI is a thing of beauty.
0	Yeah, that took way longer than I'd like to admit to figure out.
0	Who need uTorrent when you have superior product available for free and open source ?
1	well Apple and iOS is perfect, so obviously its Windows only
0	YouTube is the one that comes most immediately to mind. Spotify and Pandora do as well.
0	Internet browsers have had just as many vulnerabilities as Flash ever did. Once HTML5 becomes even more mainstream even more will be found I'm sure. No software is immune to bugs, and the more people that use it the more bugs are going to be found. That's just how it works.
0	Chris Beard seems to forget he is a CEO and not a Commissar.
0	I was kidding :) vlc rocks
0	I'm a developer at a national ad agency.  Part of my responsiblities are to dev out banners, including html 5 and flash banners.  I got so sick of flash I run ghostery to block everything including my own work.  Actually the only time I ever saw one of my own assets was a static jpg on my phone.  Flash literally made me hate myself.
0	And documentaries, that's what he mostly watches online. Lives for them.
0	Until Apple wakes the fuck up to two part authentication, like Google and Microsoft, everything they do with their overpriced vanity products is meaningless.
1	B-but my non gmo lifestyle. How will I iPhone now?
0	they say it tests html 5 compliance... and it's not a performance showdown, it's a comparison video.
0	The only time jail time would ever get considered is if you wrote and published an entire manifesto on why and how Jews should be wiped out or black people or immigrants etc.
0	How effective  would that actually  be?
0	Show me portraits in low light. I don't care how well it can photograph flowers.
1	It's okay bro, they're just being intolerant of intolerance, it's perfectly legit and not censorship at all.
0	True. Millions of users were now hitting CTRL-ALT-DEL more frequently than *ever* before.
1	The engineers have spoken.
0	Eesh, that's scary. I'd hope all citizens want they're politicians under a microscope 24/7.
0	I had to read animal farm in the 7TH GRADE
0	It's public, right?  They should just connect with an ever growing list of randomized accounts on spoofed IPs and scrape it direct to their own database.
0	The revoke API privileges for any reason they want, it's their reputation they care about, not living up to things written in a fair use policy for something free.
1	I would imagine those politicians had something to do with Twitter taking these actions. God forbid they get reminded of something they promised a long time ago and when they win an election they don't live up to what they said. Politicians don't have to be honest like the regular Joe! Come on guys!
0	5G won't kill free WiFi because people are going to be very careful not to go over their 500MB data limit.
1	Such a great feature! I can't wait to have Windows 10 with a camera continuously looking at me!
0	Because it isn't actually cheaper.  When you're paying overtime you're only paying for an extra half-person, whereas with an actual extra employee you're paying for a whole person.
1	Oh, but Trump wants to kick all the undocumented slaves back across the border!
0	I agree, it's important to never forget that. At the same time, there are plenty of people who think they're far more capable than they actually are.
1	Well we can't have unions.  That would be socialism.
1	Awesome, we can then shift another two feet, and another, another 10, and we will never have to walk!
1	Encryption only is for terrorists and should be forbidden by law.
0	we dont let in immigrants ready to sleep 10 to a room and work for $5 an hour.
0	I suppose it's perspective.  My grandfather was an immigrant who owned his own business.  It doesn't seem odd to people that he worked nearly 100 hours a week because he owned the business....and yet it probably wasn't as lucrative as a lot of jobs at Amazon (even with inflation taken into account).
0	But a torch emits light.
1	Well we keep making newer models.
0	and the counter is that none of these things really apply - the main difference is market segment. the costco/walmart comparison pretty much demonstrates that you don't have to treat employees like garbage to be successful.
1	But unions are bad and decrease productivity in business with all their nasty regulations.
0	Low skilled people are disposable, it's a fact not an issue.
1	Quiet you socialist!
0	Tesla's not Ford because Ford made a car in the age of the horse and Tesla's making a better horse. Vehicle miles driven in general are down, and people are moving closer to city centres. The car is beginning it's decline to near-obselecence.
0	Because they haven't help contribute to linux before... Oh wait they have been the number one contribute for a while now. I guess that makes your post wrong.
0	"So the ""technology being worked on"" is something which has existed in roughly 90% of laptops for the last 10 years."
0	Tucson represent.  Go have some eegee's for me.
0	They're completely unnecessary. They only exist to make small men feel like big men. You can tell by the kinds of comments they make when you dare to say that. Just watch.
0	Yup, this guy lost me there. No matter how focused i am, i would never go THREE DAYS without at the very least calling in a favor from a friend to go take care of it for me. What a shitty person you gotta be to do that.
0	they don't spell it out because if they do they probably are forced to pay extra hours for that. At least in IT, in all companies I've worked for, it was 'implicit' that we were expected to work nights&amp;weekends, no extra pay.
0	Lol I actually keep a copy of the American Constitution that I got on a trip to DC a few years ago next to my bed so I really have no excuse.  (Other than the fact that I haven't opened it in almost a year)
1	Only a terrorist wouldn't want this.
0	Best case, we had every other weekend off as a 3 day weekend. So essentially 11 on 3 off.
0	Well that's it, time to start preparing for a career as a shadowrunner
0	That seems too long for me... brb.
0	Constitutional Amendment XXVIII. I think we're about due for a new amendment anyways.
1	"But those techs weren't called ""geniuses,"" therefore, Apple revolutionized the whole process."
0	CISPA passed.
0	Haha. I was having a funny 5 minutes. Normally when i wake up or get really tired i end up saying stupid stuff.
1	Does this mean Google has to remove the link to this post?
0	That's the risk.
0	AppOps Launcher by Pixel Monster. It's actually just a shortcut that launches a hidden native menu in Android lollipop.
0	"""We're not going to explicitly say that we're not going to share your data, by the way.  Just that we apologize for getting you all in a froth over it.  We are a heartless corporation, after all."""
0	I was on the Android train for a few phones. I had the Droid and Droid X. Then the iPhone 5 and that was pretty much that.
1	Hey Silicon Valley is run by 10 white male patriarchs. Literally the most homogenous place in the world.
0	The only thing they have that matters is my credit card info.
1	Obviously real technology is about revealing something that could revolutionize the world and not reveal anything at all at the same time.
0	"Try reading the post. They are not ""demanding"" GPS or any of the permissions mentioned. They can be turned off individually, presumably in the app. Of course, we already knew we'd be able to turn them off since iOS has this ability built-in and Android will when Marshmallow comes out."
0	That would be a perfect transportation system to have on the moon or Mars.
1	But guys, Microsoft extensively tested their p2p updating in-house in their offices and their CORPORATE INTERNET LINE didn't break their bandwidth cap it's totally fine for low to median income people who get windows 10 and what's the problem really?
0	Not if you're in the economic situation I'm in. I took a quick look at the requirements for immigration and I quickly learned where my place in the world is. It's apparently sitting here in this shit city and grinding at barely above minimum wage until I die having done nothing.
0	"What do you do with all that free time you save from not including ""yo"" in you and the ""w"" in know."
0	You have a couple of great movies on your to-watch list
0	You're obviously getting that degree to BECOME A CRIMINAL!!1!
0	How do you think it would go down in court if the fact that all patients of popcorn time deletes the files when you reboot?  Or, what if my whole computer was encrypted.  Would they be able to compelling me to give my private key?
0	I agree with your statements here, as I believe they are factually correct. Normal torrenting is a fair bit more dangerous than through sites like Popcorn Time, however that does not remove the danger of using P2P networks for content delivery without first filtering the contributors to that P2P network. It's not a situation similar to my grandma downloading an executable version of Gone With the Wind and infecting her computer, but it is not a practice I would personally use on any of my computers that I want to keep protected and virus free. It's a huge hole in a computer's security without any doubt what so ever. My initial point regarding torrents being inherently insecure stands.
0	Hey man, you... you... think we could come live with you guys for a coupl'a years?
0	Popcorn time is good when traveling and I don't have my torrent library with me obviously. And sometimes the ftp from my home server just isn't fast. Plus with its Android app, it works great on the phone. But my question is... How the hell do they even get your IP? I mean legally? If I was sued based on IP, I'd counter sue for invasion of privacy. That's probably not how any of this works, but I still don't see how they legally obtain a torrenters IP.
0	You realize people sell gift cards of all kinds at 80-90% of retail value because of its limited capabilities compared to actual money right? How on Earth are you getting baited into paying for a maarkup?
0	Y'all niggas need Kodi (+ Genesis)
0	I don't speed and have never received a strike from my isp.
0	Still is at the forefront, what'd you do, unsub from news and politics related subreddits?
0	Great news! Hope this can really scale. Only time will tell.
0	devil's advocate - it also allows bad people to do bad things without fear of being caught.
1	Sounds like a Bush. You know, everyone wants another Bush. They've done some really great things for this country.
0	I love you nerds.
0	I would too. You need to be able to prove who paid you for what services.
1	His sisters were on the site too, obviously. They wanted it.
0	Well no shit. However, if you want to use AT&amp;T Uverse, you HAVE to use their modem bullshit.
0	Stupid politician that shows with this statement that he has no substantively grasp on what he is talking about.
1	That's why open source is infinitely better ... *everyone* can count the flaws in Firefox and Chrome.
0	They advertise? I imagine that's really awkward.
0	I don't have time for your sass, Jeremy.
0	How long before someone who's data was released in this breach does an AMA?
0	It's already widespread.
1	Yes, because rooting a phone is totally a one-step process with no pitfalls, no external hardware requirements and no burden of knowledge!
1	Its supposed to be similar in the US, but they have money, so who cares?
1	What do you mean you people?
0	Can you elaborate? what is the opposite of what they were taught in school?
0	even charlie day on jimmy mentioned ff through commercials. haha
0	they might be charged with arson
0	this article was incredibly shallow - 'we did A and B, but I will save any real technical explanation for another blog...'  Rather disappointed, it looked interesting
0	To pay for enforcing the law.
0	"I worry about this, look at countries like China where what flows to people is strictly controlled and limited. Access to Web sites can be shut down in a heartbeat, content can be altered and history erased. Those who control routers have their fingers on the ""off"" switch. Soon powerful interests will realize this and it will be Brave New World. It's inevitable, in my opinion."
1	*Because anything marketing to women is a dead-end company.*
0	There's a difference between a bank and a website that helps dudes fuck women who aren't their wives.
0	Not if you already have a switch and not some dinky home setup.
0	Michael Bay may have raped my childhood, but Stephen Harper raped my future.
1	Such a clever way to stimulate the economy.   Thanks Obama.
0	I guess you can say I'm the divorce lawyer's worst enemy....I got divorced without using one. Things turned out okay. I didn't get fucked out of everything I owned. Ex-wife and I just amicably agreed on everything, filed the papers, and all we had to pay was filing fees. See, when you both can behave like adults, things are cheaper that way. I thought about hiring a divorce lawyer, but I get the perception that they try to goad you into fighting so they can pad their hours and get more money out of you.
0	Freedom of speech doesn't mean we're all obligated to be a captive audience to whatever drivel someone wants to subject the public to.  Freedom of speech means that the government doesn't outright ban certain kinds of speech, which would require quite a bit of work on their part.  Just saying, I get the impression that a lot of people forget that free speech doesn't mean speech without consequence.
1	Oh no how horrible like seriously awful
0	Yahoo is going to live stream an NFL game on October 25th.  Yahoo pulls this off and makes money at it, Comcast will wake up on the 26th to find themselves a titan of the buggy whip industry.
0	So what? Who are you to judge who gets privacy and who can be doxxed for legal activity? You're a hypocrite and lack reasoning skills. Also, it's possible people on this list are in open relationships but don't want that info out in the open. So even your stupid test won't hold up.
0	Yeah because banning a sub will magically make all this data disappear.
0	RemindMe! 69 days to check AM directory.
0	*Our* hatred, lies, and money.  They have plenty of their own personal happiness, mainly through our misery.
0	If one of two things must be true, then either one or the other is true. Probability has no place here.
1	THE FCC IS HURTING SMALL BUSINESSES!
0	Just curious, what position were you in? I'm interested in a programmer's perspective.
0	You can do it on iTunes too. But not with this show or shows on this channel as far as I'm aware.
0	Uhmmm except Android was out BEFORE ios.. and the nexus ONE was out almost 2 whole years before ios, with more features.
0	The thing is both the cost for good UI and good viewing quality pales in comparison to the cost of the licenses. And yet they can't be bothered to invest into that.
0	Can you imagine using one of these puppies as a huge SSD cache in front of a mass of HDDs?  Massive databases would love it.
0	I'm so glad I don't have to know the answer to that question. I'd prefer to have muni fiber, but FiOS is a mighty fine service, partly because there's no need to monitor usage but mostly because it's so reliable.
1	So... what you're saying is broadcast sports is socialism!
0	But as a VP (and I know there are many, but bear with me) that works on the technical aspects of the project, surely he would be involved with the amount chosen to cap if the cap is there for technical reasons, like network congestion. He's been with Comcast since the launch of their internet service, he would be very familiar with the demands on the network as VP of Internet Services.
1	What, you didn't know? Corporations are people, too!
0	If I didn't already have a fantastic ASUS RT-AC68U that I bought for about the same price last year, I'd definitely look into this. As it stands, only my desktop PC uses a wired connection. Everything else in my house is WiFi.
1	But he should have had so much extra time since he didn't need to shower because he ate vegan
0	I think you're missing a key point, when contracts expire the monthly bill does not get reduced. It remains the same until the owner makes changes. Once the payment plan ends the bill is reduced by the certain amount.
0	This time next year you'll probably be able to get 1TB ssd for under $100.
0	Manuals for obsolete electronic equipment. Once he has moved them to his rented storage space he should digitize them and destroy the hard copies. There really is no point in lugging all these hard copies around any more than necessary.
1	What impeccable timing to make this declaration
0	Telenor. this plan isn't offered anymore.
0	If you know an ounce about technology this is incredibly obvious.
1	C'mon man, you shoulda know from day 1 of HS senior year that you had to have that 5 year wind tunnel experience and started early
0	I used to work at Kroger. We had to log our 15 minute breaks as if we were clocking out, but they were paid. I believe it was to provide a paper trail proving that they were complying with union rules.
1	What are you talking about? There's always satellite, and dial up.
0	To be fair it did keep them at the top another few decades. Can't really argue with that logic.
0	The only limit is power. You could probably send it straight to the moon with enough wattage.
1	It's F1 thank you not Formula Juan
0	The thing is that for those retail jobs, they get PAID on the weekends and nights. Amazon abuses the salary system (no overtime pay, no weekend pay) and over work their employees.
0	I'm sure large companies are filled with exceptional people working their asses off for little to nothing. Just have to do a little asking around, have them on TV, give them 3k for their son's college fund, bathe in their tears of joy, use the 3k as a tax write off and never see them again. Tada, now you're a good person.
0	Do you mean to tell me government backed cartels are bad for consumers?
1	I know right, lets just get rid of semi trucks and we can carry stuff back and forth in backpacks. That will give us full employment in now time.
0	I'd say it anyway but I enjoy odd humor and irony
0	That's oddly specific.
0	ALL CAPS MEANS IMPORTANT
0	Yea but for a lot of people, they don't want to show their hand. I have a wife and children at home. If I think my speaking up could damage my ability to protect and care for my family, I'm not doing it until I have another job lined up. Or if I do speak up, I'd have to be rather careful. The chances of us little guys getting retaliated against is just too high, and for what benefit and cost/risk? Just get another job and tell them all this stuff in an exit interview.
1	Well maybe you should stop being part of the 47% leecher class and become a entrepreneur captain of industry like our beloved leaders
0	Need a Good Guy Bezos meme
1	What can a company thats only goal is to ship out more orders be anything but a soulcrushing experience. Any human interaction, even bathroom breaks, slow down the only purpose of the company. There is no way for it not to suck hard. Capitalism is great still right?
0	Man, I had an interview with amazon a few months back for one of these jobs that I regretted not getting an offer for.  Now its like I may have been lucky to not get it.
1	Maybe they were testing to find the best one.
0	I'm in America. I pay 89 a month on tmobile and have truly unlimited. I easily clear 10gb a month without any issues.
1	Yeah, because local mom and pop stores have never treated employees poorly.
1	Yeah but where's your proof?
0	That is what bugs me, nobody wants shit jewelry that is already at a 500% mark-up that is 20% off, make the deals on stuff we want, hell let us vote on products we want lower prices on so you know what to negotiate better.
0	My opinion is that most businesses operate on similar lines.  We have heard of horror stories about Apple as well.  This is just how corporations stay profitable.  Nothing is going to change very soon.
1	RIGHT BECAUSE THROWAWAYS ARE NOT USED EVERY DAY AND NO ONE HAS EVER BEEN FIRED FOR SPEAKING ABOUT THEIR COMPANY WITHOUT PERMISSION. CLEARLY THIS IS AN EVIL AMAZON PRACTICE AND ONLY THEY WOULD DO THIS.
0	Mmmm, fresh made to order pizza from a vending machine.
1	Well, this will fix their *thirteen* down sales quarters.
0	What exactly was the story Grayson did on her game?
0	I don't even know what's going on anymore.. All these wars we're in all this corruption and outright lying, police are killing people like crazy and are arming up with MRAPS like they're going to war.. leaks showing we torture people and experiment on prisoners. It all just seems so evil and like something out of a movie
1	Not to give away a plan for terrorists to use, but that's all anyone would really need to do to totally fuck up this country. EMP bomb wall street or DC and we're instantly knocked down to a third world country. I think there has been a movie plot or two about this, usually following the EMP is an invasion. Conspiracy theory!
1	"""We as a country have begrudgingly admitted that Edward Snowden revealed enormous institutional wrongdoings while exposing our lies at every step of the process.  If Snowden truly believes he is a 'whistleblower' and not an evil commie spy (like we all know he is), he would drop his demands for a ""fair trial"" and return to face a justice system that loathes him and makes up laws as needed."""
0	No problem as long as it is used properly, but like with all other fun toys cops get.... they just cannot resist using them improperly.
1	Yes, not like modern times in which the West is controlled by just one company
1	Let's get rid of all government assistance programs and make people beholden to Churches instead. That should work out great!
1	I'm pretty sure that's illegal in Briton isn't it?
0	10 years down the road, when it works so well that they decide its only reasonable to require integrating the technology into the ecm of every vehicle, just on case it's stolen or used in a bank robbery, etc. Cue the 'if you have nothing to hide' doublespeak and kiss another facet of your civil rights goodbye.
0	Yeah, I'm more of a casual observer myself. I just have a stupid memory for internet drama. The Anita threats were some Brazilian guy IIRC, this one is a big journalist conference discussing GG AFAIK. I admittedly haven't been paying a huge amount of attention to it lately.
1	Its just a threat to peoples lives in a public space. Who cares!
0	Havn't the armish been doing this since like the 1800's?
1	That's un-American! You commie pig!
0	i worked at an amazon warehouse in kentucky in 2011, and it was the same shit. they didnt install air conditioning until that story blew up. if it was over 100 degrees in those days they gave you 5 minutes extra on your break. i remember wondering how in the fuck that was legal.
0	If you think every other tier 1 network in the US isn't doing the exact same shit, you're fooling yourself.
0	That was kind of my point...
1	Wow, producing CRAPPY quality cars - a weak dollar and overproducing had NOTHING to do with it.
0	Tell that to the retards who keep reelecting her just because she has a D by her name.
0	A little over 40 combined. He just works part time and goes to school.
0	8% lol ? Where'd you got that number from ? Donald Trump?
0	Congratulations, you now know you probably made that sale with someone who had likely cried at their desk at least once. How does it feels?
1	You'll have fun getting good recommendations by letting yourself get fired
0	I was going to ask how you can maintain a 100k+ job without being work from home without having a nice wardrobe but I'm assuming by work scrubs you're in the medical field?
0	That ticket you opened last week?  We're here to update you to tell you that an engineer will look at it by 2018.
1	The solution to this is to build advertising facilities into the operating system, so that users can get infected by malicious ads without even needing to open the web browser!
1	You sound like a fucking commie
0	Basically what I am trying to say is that if these people want change then they are going to seriously have to do something crazy. Like a complete revolution. I am trying to portray the realism of it.
0	In all fairness, some unions became demons.  We do need some sort of worker protection though.
1	They give you free paper and supplies to wrap your presents for your family?  Nice.
1	Obviously you're supposed to use Amazon Fresh to buy groceries when you're on call.
0	The beauty of government: no, you can't do flex time. (Im IT) other departments would get jealous. Oh you mean you can't do updates/replace hardware during your 9-5? No, we don't have money for overtime. Get your work done!  (Later) what are you, nuts?! You can't take a whole department offline during business hours!
1	We need to change the paradigm, man. Stop labeling everything and just go with the flow.
0	If you're talking about that scene in Requiem for a Dream, then yes. That's pretty bad. But it did turn me on.
0	That was my question. How much? Seriously. What would it take?
0	He waited to start saving for the future. At least that's how I understood it.
0	It's a shame, because they could run their business without being dicks and it would probably be more successful.
0	"I had one iphone, loved the device but hated how it was so locked up, I mean they even renamed my goddamn music files to some four character name ""to save space,"" yeah, right.  I also hate iTunes with a passion and the alternatives were only slightly better.  I went android and loved it, especially the micro sd card, then they, Google, went a,d tucked that up in the name of security, yeah, right, more like they want to force everyone onto using their cloud.  Can't win."
0	Every three months you had to send them a letter asking for your money back for those last 3 months. They are basking on the fact that most people will simply forget to send a letter to get their money back, and if you don't do it in time you don't get the money.
0	That might be true, but as an informed consumer, my purchasing preferences should be affected by whether I think a product is worth my money or not.
0	its an extra feature not included in normal plans
0	Where I live Vodafone has close to no reception at all, I am only left with Telstra or Optus.
1	His murky past has finally caught up to him.
0	Into what?
0	I believe this technology was first introduced by Google, several months ago. Levi's is going to sell clothing with built in invisible touch screens that can control your phone.
1	Well, that's certainly not going to open up a black hole of precedent and demands from other locations.
0	No, any site that intends to cater to nothing but the lowest common denominator, getting rid of everything objectionable to gain daily views is literally Buzzfeed.
0	Java is adobe products equivalent
0	ITT: censorship dramallamas
0	Sh... Let the fanboys have their circlejerk. Freedom never existed on the internet prior to reddit, and if reddit fails, the whole internet fails. Reddit is the beating heart at the center of everything, and all the people on here are just so awesome and smart for realizing that.
0	Letting them do that gave them the power to remove all sorts of other things. You just don't get it, do you?
0	IT's not even a bios, article is retarded.
0	Note that Facebook tracks your location after asking you on install if it can track your location. If you're upset at an app for doing something you gave it permission to do on day one, you're the problem, not the app.
0	My ex got an order of protection against me because I quoted Fight Club (shoot a panda in the head, wanna destroy something beautiful...breath fire) on Facebook. Not directed at anyone just one of my favorite lines....I hope she's rotting in a gutter somewhere.
0	I don't get why you would use that nipple... I tried it, it's like controlling a mouse with a ten-foot pole. The only thing they got going for them is that the trackpads on Thinkpads are even worse.
0	Yeah. For some reason our corporate standard is T440 with 4GB RAM and they cost a small fortune.
1	Supercookie machine ID's for all, yay?
0	Oh right... You can't just flash a bios from Asrock or anything.  My fault.
1	What could go wrong?
0	But just on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday?!
1	It's a PCIe RAID card refering to the RAID bios broooo.
0	not going to lie, phablet is one of the stupidest new terms I've heard to date.
1	That's because it is reporting your trackpad movements back to lenovo.
1	but the slot is a bright orange, which catches your eye and fits to their bright red header. what lunatic would use a boring black bios chip if all he wants is get clicks?
0	Apple provides rootkits baked into EFI that forcibly installs crapware on OS X? I'm going to call complete bullshit on that.
0	They're not but they've been taking a lot of contracts which would have gone to IBM.
0	Won't these stakes need power too?
0	I'm just worried about some asshole running off with it.
1	I can't wait for the hilarious cat interaction videos that will ensue
0	If you give a Roomba some blood, it'll want some more.
0	calling automated number was not that easy.. it takes at least 40 minutes as you write down a lot of numbers... and easy to make mistake
1	But they're Google. They can just keep throwing money at it until they fix it . . .
0	Divide by 8 to for Bytes to Bits. So more like .45 MBps. That is pretty normal. Just because you're connection speed might be 100 Mbps doesn't mean Netflix is going to blow their upload on you. It streams as fast as it needs too. Some perform better than others because of a lack of throttling and/or better peering agreements, infrastructure, etc.
0	I imagine this scrubber works significantly faster, for a given volume of machinery/tree.
0	"And you say ""no, it isn't, and if it is we need to determine that as surely as possible; please do your job."""
0	More pics, aka, one more pic of some tupperware lids.
0	It depends on what tax bracket you fall under.  Prizes, cash and real items, are treated as income.  It becomes part of your AGI and is taxed accordingly on your 1040.
0	In other words, your twitter bot made you a hoarder.
0	I have a SATA I 200GB Maxtor HDD in my home PC I use for moving files and dumb stuff like that.  It's pushing 15 years of 24/7/365 use, My wife has the other one but her computer gets power cycled daily, but it's still kicking.
0	It looks like this is just their consumer laptops again.  Thinkpads should be unaffected.
0	So, how much money will Lenovo lose in the inevitable lawsuit when some enterprising group abuses this rootkit code?
1	"Wait, I thought Lenovo was cool because they're going to revive the ""ThinkPad""."
0	People refer to the UEFI as the BIOS because it's a replacement that achieves the same thing.
1	Or he could buy 3.5 miles of Cat5 extension cords for about $5200.
0	Found the guy with reading comprehension, you mean.
0	Then it's very likely you were wrong.
0	People bleed them dry by not viewing ads but viewing their content which increases costs on Google and therefore dropping the cut they can afford to pay the creators.
0	They don't have to dig to bury cable though. They use a trenching machine that basically saws into the soil and places the cable in one swoop. Also, they use a drill like machine to put conduit in for places where they can't use a trencher. It's pretty efficient.
0	City folks just don't understand.
0	Is that a one time fee or annual?
0	While I'll concede that the article author has a point, it doesn't answer the main question: Why the blue monkey balls does a browser need to be reporting battery level in the first place?
1	So Peer review is out of the door, and panels of lawyers will get to dictate what constitutes public health. This sounds fantastic !!
0	Apple originally chose their name to be in front of Atari
1	No way! A new holdco?? This is so dissimilar from every other major corporation on the planet that operates in this fashion!
0	Or even just the fact they make three semi-distinct operating systems, one for a device class that does not, strictly speaking, exist.
0	No silly, *F is Fire for that burns down the whole town*
1	So does this mean we get a Hangouts update?
0	So basically, Google won't be doing cool stuff anymore?
0	I'm thinking a Sesame Street muppet
0	Not a Harper guy but reports out of the US are that the dairy and poultry are Canada's current sticking point and the US has publicly said we could be shut out of the deal if we don't play ball on those issues. Fingers crossed.
1	TIL 20miles outside of Atalanta Georgia has a much cheaper cost of living than downtown new York.
0	Someone needs to dust off the anti trust laws.
0	Oh. Students here do that all the time. Didn't realize it was illegal
1	First time I put it in it didn't work. Then I realized I did a comma, then I fixed it and holy shit it worked. I wonder what the XYZ stands for
0	I use Livestreamer for Twitch, I much prefer it to the site.
0	But what about poor people?  He should make the law progressive so it's only illegal for rich people.
0	Well that generation wouldn't of been swamped with debt if companies had of increased wages in line with inflation for the last 40 years and interest rates hadn't of gone to virtually 0.
0	or the guy falling off the ladder and drinking his own piss?
0	"No, it was supposed to be a ""living wage"" which is more than mere survival."
1	Free market can solve everything folks. Leave it all to them.
0	You also leave your fingerprint on literally everything you touch.
1	QUICK! We don't know how to deal with this problem, just make ad blocking illegal
0	Sun chips on the sun. BOOM! With a side of Sunny D
0	They will have Directive #4 built-in.
0	"They have grown other plants, and observed some changes due to lack of gravity. Some plants grow thinner stems than usual. Some grow stems that curve randomly rather that growing  straight up (since there isn't any ""up""). Others grow towards the brightest light."
0	I agree but they really need dealerships in order to be competitive in the coming years when electric cars really take off.
0	"Do you know what ""and"" means? Poor white people are not ""rich and white""."
1	Nah, the power plant also runs on geothermal so they will phase out the coal and ramp up geothermal. I suppose the guys with spades who load the coal into the boilers won't have jobs anymore, but perhaps that's a good thing
0	Nope, but stuck with 2000 until windows 7!
0	Very true.
0	The device itself won't start the car and let you jack it, it just opens it. You could achieve the same results by breaking a window.
0	It's government backdoor.
0	These will need some continued improvement to remain relevant if releasing June 2016. Most likely they will remain relevant for cheaper facial recognition offerings we see installed in retail stores. We've got recognition hooking onto body language, and features other than eyes, now though. It will soon require more than obscuring location of the eyes to be effective.
1	ONLY $240?! Wow!
0	isn't Alexa just some browser toolbar that only a few people use, anyway? So there is a lot of self-selection bias?
0	Back then I might've agreed, but the safety of nuclear power has progressed immensely from those incidents. Modern reactors have safety features, even in the event of an earthquake, that will prevent any meltdown.
1	BUT IT'S THE DEVIL'S ENERGY SOURCE!
1	But it dangerous! Splode Splode boom!
0	You recycle it and use it as fuel.  The small amount that's left can be put in a geologically stable hole until 1) it decays in a few hundred years, or 2) we find some use for it.
0	And then every dealership in the country will have the joy of firmware flashing millions of vehicles every time there's a new upper speed limit somewhere in Texas.
0	Probably Russia or eastern Europe
1	EDGE sure lasted a long time. Got two upgrades out of it.
0	And anime.
1	woo rent seeking!
0	What a shitty, vacuous, waste of time that article was.
1	Boo, socialism
0	Even then, doesn't always work out.    We got 3 where i'm at.  two big ones, Bell Aliant and Rogers.   I don't think Bell really does TV -- though i'll admit i'm not sure.  They do seem to be pushing their tv package though, which I don't have but I think it would be cheaper if I did have it for some messed up reason.
0	That's unsettling.
0	Me am Tarzan. You and Jane.
1	It's okay, TPP will put an end to that
0	Bring it on. This'll just accelerate AI development.
1	WHAT? KIM DOT COM LIKES TO HAVE FUN??? CRUCIFY THE ASSHOLE! HE'S NO ONLINE RIGHTS ACTIVIST!
0	Unblock us does not
0	Masses use it because they have no better option. 100Mbps isn't really something to write home about in 2015.
0	That was seriously a pain to read.
1	Eww! whats wrong with you?
0	it already is
1	meh u sound dumb gooday sir
1	Yeah, better post it to Reddit instead, I'm sure they value the freedom of speech there.
0	One word. Competition. The government is just going to make things worse with their anti-competitive practices.
1	"That's a heck of a promise for BB to make. Does its employees know how to wipe/erase every type of technology that they sell? Quite a few items in the average BB store.  I suppose that they do have that whole Geek Squad of ""experts"" that are supposed to know how everything works."
1	i was just thinking what we needed was another war.
0	Looks more like a shitpost from SRS than an article in a news paper.
1	To do it safely would require to have relevant information on that, how would he have the necessary skills to get relevant information?
0	It's always a black dude in these 'when you see it ' posts, so I always look for the black dude... SMH.. Face palm.
0	Because you didn't like his videos?
1	4chan FTW..
0	This was definitely my first thought, or that Aus. Govt. Is monitoring the connections of govt. employees. Doesn't 4chan strictly enforce TLS connections? Regardless, the URLs requested aren't encrypted, so that makes some aspects of 4chan less secure.
1	He's an attention whore. I say tits or GTFO, newfag.
0	I don't think the loser always has to pay the fees, that's just something a judge can rule and I doubt he'd say that a normal guy would have to pay for a recording company's legal fees.
0	Yea, it seems most of these people think that the ingredients magically pour from the 3D printer.  Sorry, you would already have to have oxy in your possession to print oxy
0	This is a legitimate opinion, San Antonio is the 7th largest city in the country.  While Austin might be more well known, it's only half the size of San Antonio.  This is a *BIG* move for Google Fiber.
0	...and now your printer just sprays milk
0	In my address (Suwanee, Georgia USA) we can get 1.5Mbps from them.
1	"When people won't show you or tell you what is in an agreement and says to just ""trust me"", how could that possibly be bad for you"
0	It's probably rare as hell. I work in a PC repair shop part time and my hours generally depend on how busy we are. I expected it to be busy because of the Windows 10 launch, but it's been slower than ever this week.
0	But they don't get a share of their invention. They just get a static pay check. And a lot of PhDs that I know who have made millions get paid peanuts compared to their contributions.
1	Don't hold your breath... It was supposed to be in Austin for 2 years and they have about 1% done :P
0	"So, we should laud him for one ""good"" investment and ignore any ""bad"" investments?"
1	But what about our 1st Amendment Rights?!
0	Damn, I do want
1	They're people too!
0	It is the banks that are responsible and they do it by creating a debt system that you just can't get out of. We have to change that.
0	It's called protest and voting. People aren't doing either.
1	Obligatory
1	But, Macs don't get viruses, remember?
0	they even mentioned it happened mostly on ASUS computers, possibly their recovery software interferes with the boot sequence or something.
0	UEFI now.
1	Idiots... Don't they know that Macs can't get viruses?
0	What?
0	Hahah. Reason #562 not to live in the USA.
0	What about a well-paid accountant or a respected Target manager? Not every shitty job has to be shitty.
1	but...but...FREEDOM
0	In Canada mat leave is one year
1	Haha yes, that is what the us is known for, strong work ethics.
1	The government still had building regulations and worker's rights, if it had been a free market it would have worked.
0	So, everywhere?
0	It's not unlimited. It's limited to one year.
0	They also keep you from cutting the cord.
1	HA! Copper lasts hundreds! (according to our idiot politicians in Australia)
0	I agree with your sentiment but in this particular case, who the fuck cares. I really don't need attribution if I write an op-ed, it's obviously my fucking op-ed lol, and if it's some kind of public-benefit piece (like this piece, not written for Quartz or his blog or his company, but for the world to read) I'd want it shared as much as possible and get a ton of exposure. But yeah generally I totally agree with you.
0	lol sure you do, do they give you their direct cell?
1	Well, I'm sure China and India (the two largest rice producers in the world) *will totally respect the patents*
0	How is this not a monopoly? Oh... it's the government.
0	The US has extremely far reaching laws regarding the foreign operations of companies operating in the US.
0	That's not true. They put in hours but nowhere near 80/week. My friend interned in their production engineering department.
0	You're actually incorrect.  It is the safest.  People die building dams, people die building and repairing wind turbines, miners die mining coal, roughnecks die drilling for oil.  No American has ever died from the commercial use of nuclear energy to make electricity.
1	"""Interfaces that lets people navigate successive screens of artists, albums and songs"". Clearly Apple is evil for stealing this incredibly innovative idea!"
0	That is a great idea.
0	This is the correct answer.  Because I still have eleventy billion dollars left over.
1	Yes, you make a strong point and a solid argument
1	Of course, you're right.  Nothing could go wrong.  The people taking the money from the lobbyists _obviously_ have our best interest in mind.  They want control over our communication infrastructure so they can _help_ us.
0	I am currently reading Musks Bio.  Interesting book  but it makes him look like hes very tightly hanging on the line between genius and insanity.   Of corse jobs bio seem to be hugging that line as well at times.
1	No way, man. He was so evil to the whole of the computer industry for so long that the world is like totally better off if he keeps and burns his ill gotten money instead of being philanthropic.
1	So basically business as usual?
1	Comcast decided to go on vacation
0	I hate Comcast myself, but I must be lucky. Business class in the close Chicago burbs and no outage in my logs.
0	Some people use a different dialect from you. There's no reason to be a jerk about it.
0	#FiosMasterRace
1	Just that day?
1	If only we'd let them buy Time Warner this whole mess could have been avoided.
0	"*""accidentally""*"
1	Please tell us more about how The United States of America is the greatest country in the world.
1	The technology is safe in our hands, it's *totally impossible* for terrorists to put their hands on one of our drones!
0	"I pay $35 for 105Mbps with Comcast.  Got a ""service discount"" at my old address when I threatened to switch providers and it has stuck to my account for three years now."
0	Usually get a month credit by bitching like a lawyer.
0	Are we talking about service or the customer support line?
1	Not to worry, they have comcast business lines, so I'm sure the extra amount they pay per month affords them a more reliable connection than residential customers, right?
1	TIL an RC model can reach 1000km/h.
1	Apple beat them to it.
0	I think he was saying that Americans generally can't comprehend what a kilogram is since we use pounds instead.
1	But .... DHS .. what about the terrible threat from trained birds?
0	Hopefully it'll be as horrible at transcribing as Google Voice. As a GV user, getting a voicemail is always fun because of how bad Google fucks up the transcription. I heard Google is going to improve it some, which is really kind of depressing :P
0	Suddenlink gives us 250 for 50 Mb.  It's just my wife and I.  All we have is streaming services (Netflix, HBO GO, Hulu, etc).  If we have a lazy weekend, we can easily tear away a huge portion of that cap.
1	Just as harmful as the 'toxins' that I need to get rid of with a detox diet. Which toxins precisely? I can't name them but they sure as shit are in my body.
0	There's a list of approved equipment on many of the company sites. I'm sure you understand the point I'm making.
1	they certainly do but as lolbaltss said they will all be fixed in next years version
0	"It sounded as though his brother brought the lawsuit after but that ""there had been problems long before"" [the wage change]."
0	Not if theyyyyy *buuuurp* not if... if all the flying cars arrr *blech* are self-driving.
0	Got a roommate? Well you get half the data limit (each) then. 2 roommates? Cut it into thirds. Family of 5? Well, you get where I'm coming from.
0	I pay $99 USD a month for 150+ Mbps and have a 2TB cap. Speedtests are usually 160Mbps to 190Mbps. In a few months my speed will be doubled for free.
0	Except this isn't spy crap - it's anonymous telemetry. Other than that every other service people are getting their foil panties in a twist over is opt-in if you don't choose express install.
1	and for the low low price of 120K! Im gonna get 3 of them myself..
0	Well that is Europe.  In the U.S the standards are different.
1	But why can't i have modern tech, minus the safety features that make the cars so damn heavy.
0	Why is Uber instrumental? A lot of car companies already have their own services for car sharing.
0	You realize that they didn't buy back and destroy all their cars when they went bankrupt?
0	"There's a common joke in the SF Bay (propagated mostly by me) that ""Uber is just a mechanism for getting a venture capitalist to pay for your ride home""."
0	When I'm drunk, I use my spacex app to get a ride home.
0	Man. That is too sad. How do you get that in over your head about how life works...
0	If you enter the URL, you *are* asking for it.
1	It seems as if he left his child in a bar
0	Not quite the same thing is it?
1	Well, I guess it's okay to turn your head at the erosion of freedom then. As long as you're getting a steady paycheck.
0	Can someone explain to me how he got out of all the charges he had against him
0	Or Southwest.
1	Good to know our kill mentality is still in working order
1	"""City of Brotherly Love"""
0	Why? I loved reviewing the P8, the new honor and the Mate 7, which is my daily driver now - except for the stuttering android release from Huawei, I think they're great.
1	In the City of Brotherly Love?! Unthinkable!
1	Because anti-Philly circlejerk AmIRight?
0	Didnt philly boo Santa once...?
0	So you'll give up the free upgrade?
1	Yeah super funny
1	So proud of my hometown.
0	Camden, Oakland, Maryland, DC, Detroit. What? You just gunna start talking about shit you don't even know?
0	It opened up to the public in October last year dumbfuck.
0	I don't understand how they can claim that? I'm a young guy looking to get into the tech industry but all they want are people with qualifications and copious amounts of experience. It seems that no one is looking for young and upcoming talent with little experience. Maybe I'm just young and naive but how can you get someone experienced when you won't make the effort to train someone? Is it not monetarily viable yo do something like that?
0	"Could we call it ""condensedware""? ;)"
1	"I'm just hoping they hurry up and implement a ""reduced functionality mode"" in LXDE."
0	Maybe if the providers allowed region locked content for a little bit extra, we wouldn't have this problem. I'd pay double for Netflix if I could have *everything*.
1	Thanks - could you try and be less specific
0	Being the only superpower kind of warrants that.
0	Nobody's leaders are good people, I'm hoping more people start to realise this. We don't need people with authority to have a peaceful and prosperous society.
0	Honestly, ms internally might have been. Rollout to X% day one and listen. Then, open the floods gates.
0	As soon as all my games work under Linux, I'm there bro!
1	But no women drivers, so you've got that going for you.
0	Based on the description of krill in vs roshi in Dragon Ball that's how I always explained it too.  Its fun to poke fun though.
0	That sounds terrible.  It's like red light cameras but everywhere.
0	You know something's fucky with the legal system when large companies are treating patents like states treat nuclear weapons: stockpiling them to set up mutually assured destruction for defense purposes, buying them so they don't get in the hands of rogue companies, and establishing intercorporate arms treaties.
0	But not enough money to cover millions for each client. There has to be a limit. It is not free for all. After all this money came will come out of our pockets one way or another.
0	When given the choice between expensive Comcast or no internet, basically everyone chooses Comcast.
1	But net neutrality means I get what I want the way I want it right?
0	Jesus people. 7zip.  It's free. It's better than WinRAR. use it.
0	It should be a standard that the teacher takes the test as well and not count any questions they failed to answer correctly.
0	Ah, fair enough. Looked it up and didn't notice that was the Signature version price.
0	We don't know that yet.
1	Right? It's already been like... a week. Why are people still going on about it!
0	God that was so ridiculous in the presentation when they showed those 2nd row seats of other cars.
0	The article is pretty shitty - watch the video.  He clearly explains that he is basing it on hypermiling.
0	Lives saved cause traffic numbers to skyrocket; driver-less gridlock becomes a thing.
0	Or just pulling the data records directly from the VPN service's tape.
0	Now say the same thing in the mirror, and you'll be right.
1	Well, if you don't have anything to hide then you have nothing to fear.
0	I'm still amazed that single-payer didn't happen because I imagine that there are a ton of companies out there who would love to eliminate all the health insurance costs of their employees and let the government pick up the tab instead.
0	NSA mass surveillance does not involve either of the things you mention
0	then the problem is the government, not the company that uses your data to provide you services
0	The women look like rich people's college kids who are going to BU and BC. (Psst: Rich people are generally very attractive, at least their wives are.)
1	Well NO WONDER there aren't any black people.
1	If she didn't want her picture taken then why is she there?
0	Little kid beside him rocking the tie-die t-shirt.
0	It was purple. I don't know what I was expecting.
0	God, I'm envious of how well their pantyhose match their skin tone
0	Kind of reminds me of The Simpsons: Hit &amp; Run.
1	No dude. It's 110% apple's marketing selling products, not the products themselves.
0	seems as though Dodge and Chevrolet were able to convince the USA government of this and they weren't even the top manufacturer of the world...
1	Three links deep on that site and still no explanation of what Pirate Bay is. That's thorough journalism.
0	Graphene, the material that can do everything but leave the lab
1	You sound so educated
1	Money is the only motivator in life, okay. Gotcha.
0	Probably Germany, Mexico, South Africa and Tennessee/other states.  You do know other car companies make products in these countries right?  Without competition they will have to make more products which will require more workers.  My god this is a really fucking simple concept that many in here can't seem to grasp.
0	But in this case, the good he's done far outweighs the bad
1	So is graphene vulnerable to acetone?
1	Yahoo has been posting some great articles lately.
0	Haha, who said that? Idiots that's who.
0	Also, because it makes more sense economically not to bother to check and just take it down and have the banned person waste time to prove they didn't infringe.
1	Because Bing translation is so much better!
0	So after a few years, the RIAA decided it was safe to come back out of the dark again?
1	Naw that totally worked. When was the last time you saw someone do or sell drugs?
0	I guess I'm not surprised. I mean, it costs a lot of money keeping those servers alive. YouTube is a culture treasure, filled with the viral videos of an entire generation, and somebody has to keep it alive. Too bad that this is is what it's coming to. If you'd have told me that you would have ads on youtube and that you could pay to keep them at bay 7 years ago, I would have laughed.
1	When he says theft he really means copyright infringement, right?
1	Well that's fair, now I only have to look at *paid* ads.
0	Thanks for the TL;DR
0	Because when everybody has a DUI.. Nobody has a DUI :P
0	using uBlock Origin since months. never had any issues. must be just you :x
0	Them making sure you need to go through hoops to prove it
1	He's actually pro-internet, he wants all of it
1	But the refugees are the terrorists
0	Republicans are dip shits.  They have no idea what the want,  and no idea what they stand for.
1	sure, trust them, they do that out of the goodness of their hearts... that's why their CEOs and execs make huge gobs of money...
0	He's cornering that NSA vote.
0	To be fair. Orwell is looking to be more forward thinking than the Jetsons, at this point.
0	Priced from $70-$140k for the Model X
0	He did it for the government subsidies.
0	Even saying the word gasoline in a reference to the VW scandal seems very shallow. Good PR. I like Tesla, would love to have one of their cars, but Elon makes some odd comments sometimes.
0	I'm partial to 10.20.30.40.
1	Check out ITER's structured timeline and you'll find they are on target to meet their proposed milestones.  I'm not certain what your mention takes into consideration as there are still hurdles, but by 2030-2050 we should start seeing fusion reactors begin development and by end of century they will begin changing over slowly, but surely unless a new tech dethroned it.  I would think we'd figure out cold fusion by that timeframe.
0	I am prepared for a day that I straight up stop using the internet. The weather report is always wrong, youtube is becoming more like shitty tv every day, almost $200 internet bill and I can't play online competitively because of lag due to prioritization (Fuck I pay for 50mps but I wouldn't know that. Fucking hours to download anything!) Christ watching porn is fucking brutal, it's like its 2001. Rogers fucking upgrade your shit!/ don't punish me for playing a game.
0	There has been many hacks of running ios on android phones. It's shitty but it runs. How about rubbing two ganglions together and running a search next time. At the same time there has been hacks of running android on iphones.
0	Misread your comment.  Is your unstable temperament typical for the part of the world that fucks pigs?
0	Should be around 2050-2070.
1	Of course the prime minister, conditions may apply.
0	Forgive my ignorance on this topic but why would modifying the RF parameters on the router be a bad thing?
1	Kinda shortsighted on your part though. I mean what if sand gains internet capability? You think the sand's children don't want to use the internet?
0	"I think this is probably the ONLY thing I've ever read from Caitlin Dewey that mostly made sense...did she stop drinking the ""listen and believe"" kool-aid?"
0	My phone says LTE now, and sometimes it's super fast, but for the most part weather it says 3g or LTE, it's slower than before LTE came out.
1	Yes, that must be it.
0	Any samsung phone with knox, a single hard to get iphone on ios 6, and any blackberry.
1	Always remember, The Government is what is wrong with this country.
1	But hey, I have nothing to hide!
0	Around 15 years ago, in my country we ran out of 7 digit numbers to use as phone numbers. The solution was to add a digit at the start of every existing 7 digit number, and currently all phone numbers have 8 digits.
0	Yikes. Wait until it's a requirement.
0	Did you try using a different finger / glove or turning off TouchID?
0	*Stemarks will remember that.*
0	I realize that in order for Linux to take off, more users will have to adopt it. I get it. I get the mindset there, but no. It's not going to work for a good portion of the business world, or even gamers despite Steam's progress. Drivers are basically shit because no one takes Linux seriously. Back to square one, because more people need to adopt it.
0	While testing the new Dislike button feature, everyone constantly disliked Facebook as a whole, resulting in its accidental complete deletion. Facebook apologizes for this oversight and understands that you want nothing but Facebook in your life forever and ever.
0	If only they had proper touch points. I can't stand track/touch pads. I hate them with a passion.
0	So when I say your mother is the loosest, dirtiest whore from whom I've ever had the pleasure of receiving a blumpkin , you shouldn't be offended.
0	thanks smartass
0	You actually scrolled down? Impressive!
0	Or a Dell XPS...equal/higher quality than what Lenovo offers and you don't have to use OSX
1	Great, now we wont be able to buy cigarettes at Target
0	As a serving soldier, I'd like to know why??
1	Because net neutrality is socialism for the internet!
0	"""Stallman is crazy about X"" is a transitional period before ""Stallman was right about X all along!"""
0	I tried them before a few months ago. Still waiting for it to come.
0	I'm the boss!
0	Nah it's probably around 40. I'm just having some fun.
0	Trump has actually spent very little on the campaign so far.  Most of his coverage is free.  After every speech he stays and answers every question from reporters, often making headlines.  He does tons of interviews.  He is very good at using social media to respond to attacks, which costs almost nothing.  He didn't even have an infrastructure in early primary states until recently.
1	yeah but our naked wives are not celebrities, and we don't have as much money as captains of industry so it's not worth caring about
0	Jeb Bush doesn't even know what net neutrality is. He will do exactly what his sponsors ask him to do. What a disgusting excuse for a politician.
0	Doesn't matter had sex?
1	Stop taking naked selfies then.
1	Wow a $400 credit card, I'm sure gonna buy that.
0	No shit.  I used to do crazy cardio at home with a used lifecycle bike.  Its painfully obvious what your heart rate feels like.  90 bpm (during  warmup) vs 140 bpm (start of cool down period).  If your heart is racing that fast after several hours rest, you don't need a heart monitor to know something is wrong.
0	Good read, bad situation. I hope they win out as after reading the article I can see that they are very different in functionality.
0	"Some places still defied the copyright claim anyway. There's a restaurant I went to that, coincidentally, had five different birthdays (including my own) celebrating at the same time one night. The staff didn't start the song, but they didn't stop every single patron from singing ""Happy Birthday"". All five times."
0	From the copyright length of the time, which was 14 years, it was already public domain when Happy Birthday was copyright in 1935.
1	Why are you using a VPN? What are you hiding?
0	yup, this is why GNU,GPLV3, and OSS are important. he who controls the source controls the universe...
1	Hurrah, 2Mb for all!
1	Lel, that will def get me to vote for another Bush.
0	if you live in the wilderness its really easy to think like this. i mean 3 going on 4 years of my ISP telling me new speed are coming and should be available by the beginning of the year. not a single digger has been seen in the county. things get worse with no sign of improvement. yea i Pessimism really is believable.
1	Why don't we move the town from one spot, to another spot??? Somewhere in Sweden where fiber grows. It's that simple. Move every rural American town to Sweden. That would solve all the internet troubles!
0	The switch is just at the end of the green mile!
1	All I know is that they kept us safe.
0	Not if you get it with no caps and more then one Mb down. There will be no gaming though.
0	Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
0	Honor the discounts for whom? I've used Groupon a bunch and haven't had any issues redeeming my purchases.
1	We don't have bet neutrality right now so I don't see the difference
0	The same could be argued for cellphones.
1	If the gubmint would just get out of the way and let the free market provide!!
0	There isn't necessarily a problem with democracy, we just don't have it.
0	You could do software RAID on an OS that supports TRIM. Software RAID (particularly ZFS, 2012R2+ ReFS+Storage Spaces) is very competitive these days, and will eventually kill hardware RAID except at the super-high-end.
0	Pretty much *any* generic Republican politician came out against the changes made by the FCC.  If you like net neutrality, vote Democrat.
0	Meh, I'm not worried. He and Hillary are running shit campaigns.
1	Third time's the charm!
1	But remember guys, both parties are the same
0	I HAVE tested LTE-U and it 100% interferes with Wi-Fi.
0	"It's kind of like being at Starbucks and telling the guy in front of you, ""you should leave a tip""."
1	"So you're endorsing breaking the law and your answer is ""don't get arrested"". I'm sure that'll work."
0	I've always wondered about board of directors. Are they mandatory at some point?
1	Ah yes, fallacies, the international sign of a failed argument.
0	1 Bush Year = 1.2  Normal Years. And sometimes that what it felt like.
1	Ashley Madison also promised their users their personal data would be secure.
0	We have these great bastions of freedom online, and they keep getting attacked by political individuals.
1	who... who is this ming of witch you speak?
1	You're right. The position of presidency doesn't mean anything. Stupid me. When the President call for something it 'doesn't mean shit' because that's how totally how the fucking world works.
0	The great thing is the average person can use any GNU/Linux distro. It's just the government saps that are stuck with government spyware.
1	Sure money laundering can make any website profitable.
0	Yes, from former POTUS Richard Nixon, in reference to the Watergate scandal.
0	Redundant wording; appears to contain unnecessary repetition
0	Pies?
0	My point is (and yeah I'm French), that this rule is not to be applied globally, only from here (I don't agree with it BTW).
0	Did you let go of your tin can? The string is still taught here.
0	I tried a few of the others before eventually just rooting my tablet and going with AdAway.  The other ones aren't even close in terms of performance.  It's worth it to root your phone/tablet just for that, IMO.
0	"In Adobe Premiere, when changing the speed of a track, you can select ""Maintain Pitch"". It's helpful with things like car commercials where the guy at the end rattles off all the legal requirements and exceptions. People very rarely speak anywhere near those speeds."
1	They should have given him a Nobel Peace prize, much like they did for Obama.
0	I dont think that will ever become a widespread thing. I cant obviously speak for everyone, but I'd sooner quit a service than be forced to suffer through Ads.
0	What if they used a whitelist-only style access list for the web, controlled down to the router level? I mean this is one case where parental control like software might work well. They won't be able to access random sites that aren't already allowed.
0	That's true bit the price point and mpg is a huge selling factor and in Florida  you just need eye protection, be it a wind shield, helmet lens, or glasses so it wouldn't be too big of a hassle here.  I think the biggest down fall for the average user is likely the seating arrangement.    It looks like a revised Corbin sparrow also.
1	"Let's be real here... They won't see billions in fines... They'll get a slap on the wrist and some ""monitoring""  of their shit for a while... At least until John q public forgets about this travesty."
1	I'm pretty sure he is still in charge
0	It was a joke... Never pass up ANY opportunities to insert Top Gear.
1	omg india is not land of cows and rapists!!!!!!
0	BMW and everyone else. Damn it's a slow news day.
0	They need $250million to actually start production, they have less than 10% of that. But hey, GM got $10billion in free money to stay afloat(thats just what never got paid back) and they have only killed over 100 people since then.
1	So Apple products DO get viruses, go figure.
0	Lol you people get so mad at this stuff
0	You son of a bi-
0	Does it work upside down?
1	Atomic, isn't that nukular or something, Not in my backyard you don't.
0	It's a plasma if you ionize it.
0	Again you're lying. The public option was never on the table. Take your bullshit and fuck off.
0	Just to clarify why he went to octal.  certain programming languages treat any number with a leading zero as an octal number.  So 033 would be treated as the number 33 in base 8 (octal) which ends up being 27 in decimal.
1	He said a piece, not the whole pie.
0	Man, I didn't think Vaporwave was that popular.
0	That's enough.
1	No, can't you sheeple see! With that many satiates he could block out the sun!
0	I think we need water more than we need more Netflix.
1	Of course they like it. Anything to lighten the load. Damn you new Marines are spoiled.
0	Have you looked at the design of this house? Any of the claims in the title of this post are ludicrous.
1	Yeah, but what happens to all your data on a clear sunny day?!?!?
1	Just great. Now I won't be able to use camping as an excuse for work to not reach me.  Thanks Elon.
0	And here I was waiting to end the work day before giving it a try. Oh well.
0	I wish I could find some tapes. My wifes car only has a tape deck, and we dont have any old blank tapes. Cant find them anywhere, not even at secondhand stores and shit.
1	Taxi cabs could do this, they just need 20 billion in venture capital money.  Take heavy losses for years in hopes it drives the competition into bankruptcy.  Its so easy, why are they not doing this?!
0	Okay so one idea I thought of yesterday is that with this system, oppressive governments can't cut off citizens from the internet, right? Places in the middle east in recent years, if I recall, have had this happen and I feel it would be very good to have a fallback system like this.
0	TIL I am a pilot.
1	Ahh, excellent. I've been saying for years that what we really need is big, boxy TV we can set shit on top of!!!
0	I wasn't talking about VoIP, was referring to the band of spectrum the satellites use and making sure cell phones have that band so they have the potential to connect to it. Of course send and receive power might be insane which would be a limiting factor.
0	And the suitcase, and the contents of the suitcase if they bust the zipper and shit goes everywhere whilst being chucked around in the airport.
1	Yep and because it's a monarchy there's no way to change government so there's no repercussions! If only the people were in power?!
0	...That was obviously a joke, no?
1	Until you plug it in and it runs at 500 Celsius.
0	Even their offices.
0	Avast still has support for Win 7 to my knowledge.
1	Huh.  So putting backdoors in things is a stupid idea?  Who'd have guessed?
0	What? That sounds pretty fucking slick. Now a days it seems like the alarm would go off and you'd get busted. How long ago was this, n did they get anything good?
0	"What part of ""keys"" do you not understand?"
1	but to do anything with that data someone would have to be sitting at the DMV for hours with nothing to do but record data. that would never happen.
0	Ever since I updated to w10 I haven't installed a 3rd party av.
0	I had installed AVG last year.  Recently, it has started to run REALLY slow.  I'm going to follow your lead and see if this helps.  Thanks.
0	Well yeah, racism IS stupid.
0	Is Avast still okay to use? Been running them for years since I heard great things back in the day, but not sure where they stack up now.
1	Yeah because they will make a lot of profit by screwing up their customers. That's how free market works. The more bad you do to your customers the more of them you have
0	"I uninstalled years ago when AVG decided to randomly start blue screening my computer when it ran.  Then I used Avast until I got tired of super loud ""AVAST ANTIVIRUS HAS BEEN UPDATED"" notifications.  Now I use MSE/Defender."
0	Come to Canada. Everyone has data caps unless they pay for the most expensive service.
0	They also have a paid version. And when they sell to companies, it ain't free!
0	You mean other than all the people in this thread saying that, right?
1	BURN THE WITCHES
0	That too is correct. I was just chiming in for those that may be considering the wipe option.
0	A 7x wipe is worthless.
1	In all fairness, he didn't say that they can't raise prices right now.
0	Mario Maker just *screams* to be a noob-friendly Lunar Magic in disguise.
1	So this means they're going to ban dildos and vibrators too right?
1	lol, apples and oranges here.  You can count their subscriber count with your toes
1	And when Carly Fiorina becomes president, they'll be fired again.
0	What are the metrics of the other providers?
0	Got centurylink fiber. I think it's honestly overkill for all but a few people.... That said. Fuck that I'm paying for 1000 because I can
0	In retaliation, Comcast has just bribed five congressmen to make laws to ban keeping track of this kind of information.
0	He's free to prove me wrong.. Oh we both didn't cite any sources but somehow I'm the bad guy here??
0	And that is directly related to the stat in the headline. They scale slowly because it's easier to keep tight QC that way.
1	I feel like this video is going to blow up soon... ^^^^^^^with ^^^^^^^popularity ^^^^^^^:D
1	The problem now is that after this shitstorm, terrorists are going to be putting clocks on all their bombs to disguise them as Arduino projects.
0	LOL, WTF, OMG, BBQ... ETC.
0	Thats just fucked = /
0	Yep, look no further than the dumpster fire that is the Wii U. Or canceling Club Nintendo. Or refusing to listen to fan feedback for decades...
0	"Every single federal, state and local initiative is focusing more on STEM right now like its a panacea.  Whether it's fast or slow on your particular area does not in any way negate the fact that there is no supposed ""problem"" getting math taken seriously."
1	Land of the free, home of the brave, afraid of a clock.
0	DARPA is so fucking cool. Like, everything that is neat that we use now started at DARPA. Sure, at some point they may be our down fall but for now, weeeeeeeee
1	Yeah. Go figure. I'm sooooo surprised.
0	"Well, millions of women use government handouts as a form of ""provider robot,"" that they don't need to relate to or support emotionally."
0	The rule, at least according to the article, does not state congested times, rather congested areas, which can apply to just about any city, a smallish town with few towers, or just about any arbitrary definition they wish to impose.
0	And... It's higher up. We did it Reddit?
1	Go apologize for being white then. It's your fault you were that terrible privileged color!
1	You would think they could provide us all with cheap/free, reliable, FIOS if they are just pissing our rights and privacy away.  No, instead we pay a crapload for low-speed and/or unreliable service, AND have our rights pissed away.  Brilliant.
0	Not to mention falsely imprisoning him without his parents or a lawyer during an interrogation. He's a minor, and they denied him counsel.
0	Which is what happened to those of us with grandfathered plans.
0	slimgur for the win
1	Dude, 2016 is the year of the Linux desktop.
0	Seems to me what she found were books that weren't appropriate, but not actual sexually explicit material? So basically the daughter could see the same thing just walking around a book shop, or did I miss something?
0	Doesn't it delete pictures you upload while logged out though?
1	Cool, this self driving car seems to be ready for business, it is just missing the self-driving part of the whole self-driving car thing. Other than this minor technical details it is done.
0	This has always been true since dmca. It doesn't stop companies, big and small from issuing fraudulent dmca notices every day. They just know the average person will not fight them.
1	Yes, the FBI will abide by this ruling! It's all over!
0	DT owns just a minor portion of TMOUS. ISTR that it's in the neighborhood of 20%.
0	VLC isn't on iOS because the Apple TOS isn't compatible with the OSI license that VLC is licensed under. I wonder if the TOS is really that much different for Apple TV, or this is actually not going to happen...
1	Pay your fair share.
0	Meh, I'm not all that shocked.  They will keep fucking over cities until no one wants their garbage anymore.
1	I'm *sure* she'd be *just as willing* to argue that dildos should also be banned because they objectify men, right?
1	"And Apple is still correct, the stylus is an indicator of failure at a UI.... Now a pencil, that's different and ""Magical"""
0	"This isn't correct. It is pretty rare for any commerce to be truly intrastate, almost any tax a state levies is going to have some impact on ""interstate commerce."" While congress does constitutionally have the final say on matters of interstate commerce, if they haven't spoken on an issue the states are presumed to be allowed to meddle on it, unless they end up substantially burdening interstate commerce (a concept called the dormant commerce clause)."
0	Not all Costcos do it. Sauce: My Costco doesn't do it.
1	Yeah right, no redditor can go 3 days without their phone.
0	That's intentional on their part, I think.  They aren't all that thrilled about the situation, so they do their contractual obligation and no more.
0	Also, laser printers for necessary document printing. Fuck inkjets, forever.
0	Sounds good
0	Well the one making the claim has the burden of proof. It's not my job to investigate all your wild theories.
0	The ink isn't actually valuable (compared to the price this shit is sold for) and I guess the amount of ink in it is checked. You will buy the  700ml cartridge instead of the 600ml one if the price is the same.
0	Irritating to be sure, but how is the Washington Post with their ads? If I look at their site without an adblocker, will my browser screen be 75% ads, will I get injected malware, etc?
1	My grandparents were thinking of buying a funeral home! What a coincidence!
0	Psycho Mantis?
0	What is this realistic looking one from?
0	Nanomachines, son!
0	... a bicycle not intended to be used in sports races is not following the restrictions for bicycles intended to be used in sports races?
0	I always figured that was Bill Gates. His attempt to take over and unite the world via Microsoft failed, so he since turned to philanthropy and medicine, realizing humanity wasn't ready for unification, to play the long con and improve it the best he can.
1	25mbps down minimum or gtfo
0	Add an increase in skill and knowledge required to obtain a manual driver's license along with making it easier to lose, and you've got another number to your list.
0	Retro porn becomes in vogue and the other half is pure CGI.
0	No it wasn't. They were just pussies and didn't push back.
0	Google's Project Loon just uses the same network protocols and frequencies your phone already uses.
0	How did they know it was me, if I paid cash?
0	We can leave that up to their record. Been in an at-fault accident? Guess what you get to drive!
0	No I agree with you. I think I came off differently than I did. Yes I agree the accidents are the fault of the human driven cars. And the end goal of everyone having self driving cars would be faster transit with no accidents, and until there are no human led vehicles then that is just not possible. This being due to humans imperfect nature and, let's face it, our general sucky nature at driving
0	No that was my way of letting him know I'm considering taking action. He just instructed some noob to stumble around the darkweb. That was completely irresponsible. Would you like me to separate the two comments?
1	But the government has already proven that prohibition works!
0	How can they afford new bodies if they spend so much on food?
0	Sure, and torrents are majority pirated material.  I'm just not convinced that banning a tool that can be legitimately useful is the right move.
0	"""operation success, schedule the procedure!"""
0	"I use ""find my friends"" all the time with my 13 and 16 year old. With the myriad of after school activities, it very helpful. I think that to deny the use of a modern technology, just because it has the potential to be abused is flawed logic."
0	kids survived without phones for 6 thousands years. Why would they NEED them now? Are you one of those retard parents?
1	Are you sure you don't want to post your deepest secrets, address, guilty pleasures, and maybe some lewd photos? It would make you seem much more human to see your mistakes.
0	Why wouldn't it be absurd?
0	And that was not candy he was offering,  and his name was not Neil Cosby.
0	They could have a cell phone that isn't a smartphone.
0	I'd treat a cellphone for my kid the way MCU treats Mjolnir. *Son, if you can wield this Nokia, then you are worthy.*
1	Staring at a wall doing nothing is clearly much better for his brain development and intelligence.
1	but little jimmy needs it to do his homework research!!
0	The point is for them to never use it. The phone exists to be a phone - to allow parents to communicate with their parents. An ancillary benefit is the ability to text friends.
0	Then every single alphabet soup agency imaginable storms headquarters, seizes assets, and freezes the bank accounts.
0	i don't think shareholders would agree with that course of action
0	Even? Is this a joke? Google is constantly violating people's privacy. Seriously, redditors live in a massive reality distortion field.
1	Well duh, blacks weren't *people*.
0	Welcome to The Rock
1	I think you dropped this.
0	They did though, kinda, They moved operations to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Zone
0	That was NIH.
0	It's frightening that a judge needs to weigh in on whether or not a business is allowed to conduct business.
0	hahahaha they would like that wouldn't they.
0	It would have to, I think. The intercostal muscles, If I remember right, are what actually allow you to  breathe.  They expand your ribcage, which creates low pressure in your thoracic cavity and causes air to rush in. Then they contract the rib cage, which pushes the air out again. So wouldn't titanium ribs and sterna have to work the same way?
0	Tack on a fourth or fifth word. Or even sixth. Nonsensical sentences are easy to remember. Problem solved.
0	Upgrade
0	lol what
0	Yes, but only in the missionary position. We don't want to be disgraceful or abusive.
1	I coulda told you that. I've been watching porn for 13 years, since I was twelve. I respect women more than they probably respect themselves. It's humanity in general that I have a problem with!
0	What sources do you have to back up your claims?
0	because it's Windows 10 and windows 10 is evil or something.
0	Imagine that, parental controls that work.
1	"I'm sure ""christhedj""  at the inquirer has his facts straight."
0	I've been using it for 20 years. It doesn't go away.
0	TIL everyone on reddit is americlap
1	"Right, putting an OS that is 0% optimized for touch on an iPad with an ARM processor that would barely be able to handle full OS X is what they should've done. That would not classify as ""blowing it"" at all."
0	So that's why there are so many deniers!
1	Are they downloading Windows Services for UNIX into everyone's computers now too?!?!
1	Upgrade to Windows 10 and it'll stop!
0	I'd suggest not deleting it
0	At last, something sensible from Governor Brown. The drone hysteria won't last forever, but bad laws will.
0	Sounds to me like your profile at the exchange is having issues. Ask them to reset your profile and see if that helps.
0	Oh god anyone got a link to that pic? I need a good laugh after this aneurysm-inducing update.
0	Windows 10 is Genisys.
0	Same with dota. Fucking hell, the primary reason a lot of people stick to windows is Games but let's fuck those guys over by messing up their online experiences lol
1	Since Florida is going to be underwater soon, they will need to use undersea fiber optic cables, and those are very expensive
0	And people wonder why so many young people are fleeing rural America.
1	Yes, disable windows update. I will be controlling your computer later by leveraging a known vulnerability you didn't patch because you turned it off.
0	I absolutely agree with you. upload/download misuse bugs me, too.  I'm just having fun with you.
0	"""CptOblivion is loafing about."""
0	"I'm going to ask the incredibly stupid question of if this holds up in real life... I remember there being a ""password security check"" site where you could enter whatever you wanted as a password to be checked that lead me to believe that this does pan out."
0	Which I think his point was that he has fun doing his work therefore it won't age him.
0	Ok so seriously, the likelihood that Elon Musk is a James Bond-esque baddies just jumped up about another billion percent.
1	yup. after millions and millions of years the atmosphere would be back to where it is now. No point really trying
0	Didn't he say they invented/created/made the connection? Which they would have. They didn't claim to invent magnets.
0	Lol tsla is the epitomy of a hype stock every word musk says affects the stock price irrationality
0	"""No, I said *GUM*.  Would you like a piece of Juicy Fruit?"""
0	Sometimes I'll be required to register for some small online retailers service.... Like a haircut scheduling system. Sometimes without thinking I'll use my standard password, and then suddenly get an email from their system sending me a copy of my password in plaintext. I pretty much want to cry.
0	AMD Technographic Innovations!
1	What kind of commie sciencey hippy talk is that? Everyone knows God put oil there for us to use when he created the universe 6000 years ago!
0	This post is from the verge.
0	Bullshit.  They're winning.
1	Won't somebody please think of the terror.
0	The lengthy repairs take 2 hours at most.
1	"""It's not misogyny if it's business"""
0	No problem. Common misinformation.
1	Really..? No kidding.
0	New Yorkers are very lucky to be allowed to record police officers going about their business. In Chicago, you can be arrested for having your cell phone camera pointed at a cop.
1	You should probably sell/return the iPad :)
0	You can if you rewire the thing, which I don't want to because of sleep issues
1	Always following Samsung - ripping off the S-Pen. I'm sure a lawsuit will follow
0	Reading textbooks in portrait was actually pretty cool, but for anything else it was kinda dog shit.
0	So a centralized server is hosting the data/application logic because consistency across a networked database is decidedly a hard problem and IPFS hosts are storing static content only and polling the centralized server for everything else. Might as well just use a caching service like Akamai; at least then you know that you can purge it and everyone will get the latest copy.
0	It doesn't have to work.  It's just another way to siphon money from the taxpayers to the colleagues and co-conspirators of the current administration...who will receive their substantial kickbacks after they leave office, of course.
1	Oh good! I was waiting for Apple TV to go up in price before buying.
1	But you can use 2 apps at once now with split screen!!
1	I think I may like the iphone maxi .... I mean ipad pro.
0	Many companies will not allow employees to store company data in those.
0	Because computers aren't just used for facebook, web browsing, and snapchat.
0	Apple Pencil... What a dumb name.
0	It's hard to watch without buying a TV.
1	This is why we need laws against recording police officers!
1	People can just use AM radio, books, and snail mail.
0	Satellite is a prime example. You can have a bandwidth of +3Gbps u/d with a latency of +1000ms
1	Because we drone strike maybe?
0	If anything it'll help battery life. Which is easier, yelling to someone in the next room, or yelling to someone standing on a tower hundreds of feet in the air a mile away? Basically the difference between an AP and a cell tower.
0	nah Frasier re-runs are much better
0	"It'll certainly speed up their downloading of ""time to upgrade your phone"" adds to my freshly bought new phone."
1	Sign up for a new (limited) 5G data plan to access the nation's first and best 5G network!
0	I'm waiting on my to kick MicroSoft to the curb and put in Macs. (sigh)
0	Internet != Cable
0	Crap, I knew I was forgetting to do something!
1	Just unimaginable
1	Oh, you bring up a good point - what about large families (or co-ops) with many people watching TV?  Shouldn't they pay more than the couple with no kids?  When are the cable companies going to introduce per-person charging?  That's fair, and I'm sure folks will still be willing to pay for their quality TV programming.
1	They can just buy a bunch of Dell R730s and fill up the drives and just make them Raid 0 cause fuck it who needs parity when they need all that space.
0	The EFF have never been known to be government shills
0	I'll allow it. ;)
0	Yeah I know what is meant, but have you ever known the government to be efficient in that manner?
1	when will they start testing to increase the data capacity for users
1	Why even take backups when the NSA is already doing it for them?
0	the drop in complaints isnt because they stopped beating citizens. its more like citizens cant lie about being beaten. not as easy when cops have cameras. the data in the title more so suggests better behaved citizens when they are being recorded.
0	I'm guessing you don't have a driver license?
1	Man only if the government could legalize a plant, tax it, and then use that revenue to help pay for things like this. Too bad no plant like that exist
0	"Problem is people don't see it as, ""Either we have $5M in lawsuits or $1.5 million in data costs."" They see it as, ""Well we *might* not have had any lawsuits in a 3 year period, but we *definitely* have this data cost now."""
0	Yeah, but these kind of costs can be really hard to cover for a police department or sheriff's office of a location with minimal tax revenue. I would not mind seeing federally sponsored programs to cover the costs for the departments that cannot afford this. Then there will literally be no legitimate excuse to not have the body cams.
0	No, not really. Stealing and repackaging other people's ideas is the biggest part of progress.
0	Hell, what exactly has Woz achieved since the Apple II?
0	Can someone tell me why they've made, I don't know how many, movies about this guy so far? I haven't and won't see any of them, who's showing up to see more biopics about someone who seems to have been a complete butthole.
0	To be fair it was like 3 AM
0	What is this, the third time in recent times?
1	I AM SO SURPRISED.
0	I hardly ever look shocked when I'm holding my penis.
0	"They get away with a lot of crap that isn't technically ""evil,"" but is still downright annoying. Maybe they could change their slogan to ""Be good""?"
1	Wow, they are being arrested for stealing 10 Macbook Air's?
0	Yea, lots of hate for the moz now. =\
0	There needs to be a seperate Adult Reddit.
0	Dear Google, Fuck you. Signed : everyone.
1	THE HORROR!
0	ELI5: Why would that make it harder?
1	Wait so you're saying that a browser developed by a company whose only source of income is advertising revenue is bypassing adblock?  I am both shocked and appalled!
0	Somewhere in between I guess. Just wanted clarification
0	Banner ads are better than sponsored articles written by advertisers,  imho
0	Yeah, the 3rd party filters are maintained by random volunteers. Don't know if it's going to be as thorough and effective as Ghostery. Will take a look later.
0	Great! Good of them to be backwards-compatible like that.
1	Those reports will surely stop them!
0	Why are Americans afraid to wear properly fitting clothes?
0	I had the win95 on install floppies likely still have them somewhere
0	I have a 32GB SSD in my tablet, and, even with office and a bunch of apps installed, I still have over 12GB free
0	And deal with configuring IRQs and DMA settings. Did I put the jumper on the card right? Will my computer crash when a sound plays? Let's find out!
1	Good thing we have a competitor's service to switch to
0	Unfortunate that's the only way to deal with them.
0	I'm fucked.
0	So the starfish can basically be cut in half and become two starfish but that little stabby thing will kill it somehow? I doubt it.
0	"""Your readers are dead. Your readers don't need to be your audience"""
0	Back when i used to do a lot of drugs, planet X? woah
0	That's the...spirit?
0	Mediacom has had this for years. I pay it now.
0	Dropbox doesn't give you 15GB free, it's only 2GB.  There are referrals and specials you can do from time to time to get more space, but some of them are temporary.  I think the biggest I ever did to get more space was when they introduced auto photo uploading and they would raise your limit to however many photos you uploaded (up to 5GB extra?) or something and I uploaded enough to raise my quota to 7.8GB with some other referrals.  I have no idea how you'd get 15GB though!
1	This is obviously the government's fault.
1	The free market will fix everything
1	Which is hilarious, because they just recently stated that only 20% of the users go over like 40 GB (maybe it was even 100 GB) or something like that. So why should they have to worry about those ultra-high 300 GB caps then?
0	You'll fine as long as they don't catch you.
0	He'll be let down on a golden parachute, either way, easily replaceable with someone else willing to shit on his own name for money.
0	It's at least 8.  I got a $300 overage charge a couple months after I moved to Toronto in 2007/8.
0	Suddenlink already does this in my home town, but they dont offer the option to pay more without the cap. If you go over 300 or 350GB per month depending on package, you have to pay overage fees, which sucks because they also lie about how much data you use.
0	You're talking as if it's financially unsustainable in the short term when in reality there is still a lot of money to throw around for benefits and salary. The ones that don't have enough but hire top engineers use equity.
0	How about them resyncing your files, but now they are updated with malware from their end?
0	Had this in Alaska for some time now.
0	Trump is not a populist. He is a narcissist that will say whatever you need to hear.  He won't stand up against his potential benefactors, the companies pushing laws like this.
1	That has to be
0	No problem.  Glad to help. Please just call on me if you need more.
1	No, they won't.  Citizen, if you have nothing to hide you have nothing to fear.  Your local law enforcement officers, committed to maintaining order, are empowered to keep the peace and if possible, raise revenue.  Traffic cameras, plate scanners are just tools they use to ensure your traffic courts are well funded.  That the poor find these methods oppressive is just sour grapes.  Poor folk ought not drive anyway.
1	In the western world we call that bloatware.
0	In the near future, robots have taken over society, and control everything humanity does, except for the third Tuesday of every month when they shut down for a few hours for no apparent reason.
0	If they think they have free access to my personal data then they will be surprised to see the rush to move to Linux and Android would be and how quickly Amazon and Google can die.  Get real.
0	They won't.
1	What does this have to do with new candidates and the Iowa caucuses?
0	Can it play games though?
0	I trust the CIA more than a newsroom.
0	I use baconreader. It's a pretty nice app and I have been using it since my computer broke and I'm saving up to replace some parts.
1	Bush did 9/11 so he could blowup little brown children for fun.
0	And he won't run as an independent.
0	People might be staring at you because you sound like a crazy person, not because they disagree
0	"Ah, ""those"" kind of people. Thats the problem with the country, every 5th house is filled with some hillbilly fuckers from some horror movie and no internet."
0	How are unions even anything close to communist?  They were/are mostly associations of the workers in for profit companies and trades that operate for profit.
0	Solar companies that go out of business unload this shit en masse for nothing.
1	Yet another example of government inneffieciency where private industry and the free market would give consumers a better product.
0	Here's another example of a government doing something way better and cheaper than a corporation.
1	The unregulated free market will always favor the customer!!!
0	What are the views do they share?
1	If you have that you MUST be doing something illegal with it!
1	But that's socialism!
0	I always like to ask (out of curiosity, not to make some point), what caused you to move here?
0	Unfortunately it won't shut down the international one.
0	"I've been in an MRI several times, and (aside from being a bit on the chilly side) I've never been ""uncomfortable""."
0	Sorry, but I do not want to be trapped in being dependent on a single hardware vendor.
0	Seriously, you can't be the CEO of such a huge corporation *and* be working on the intricate technical stuff. For people to think anyone could handle both jobs at once is just silly.
0	What the fuck are you talking about?
0	Gotta have something to mask the sound of you jerking off.
0	Meh.  I paid for Hulu Plus for a year and watched more commercials than any other service ever.  I don't see how they can possibly convince me to try them again.  Maybe offer me three months free?
0	I remember thinking that years ago, then they kept pushing until it got too far and I decided to give it up. I gave them way too many chances, and I'm not going back to that. If they had offered what Netflix offers, they would have been getting my money instead of Netflix. This is too little too late.
0	"Are we looking at the same article, microsoft is trying to slip in updates, and the way to get rid of it is to: know that there is a problem (microsoft sure isn't telling you this), and then to uninstall the updates that are not labeled ""This spys on you 1"", ""This spys on you 2""."
0	Still waiting for a viable alternative where I can pick my channels, pay per channel, and get episodes as soon as they air - not a day or season later.
1	It's not needless - it pays CEO bonuses every year
0	Or, as I am sure you can agree, you leave cable behind altogether.
0	Which was never confirmed to have anything to do with iCloud.
0	To a theist.
1	Who needs caution when you have divine protection.
0	I actually never said anything positive about it -- I just gave you a reason why it is the way it is.
0	Hopefully it's compressed without loss of quality
0	So, give everyone free electric cars already or stop whining
0	probably even more than the nsa has and better indexed too.
0	We should, and we should also be heavily restricting its usage.
0	Stop using paid sites. Okcupid, plentyoffish, and tinder all have real women and don't seem to have bots run by the site.
0	Two things that people like to modify the most are computers and cars.  I guarantee there will be a way to jailbreak it and download the speeding app on the first day they go public.  I think there are a lot more issues with them than a lot of people on here ignore, but I have no doubt you'll be able to make them as reckless as you want with a few modifications.
0	You need to mov on and get with it!
0	Mine does this too. I guess we just never feel lucky ):
0	There was a YouTube app since the very first iPhone, wasn't there?
1	Flash 2.0 - welcome back Flash, we missed you!
0	Yes.
1	Yeah, they should probably leave out one of the biggest tech companies in the world with a 90% computer OS market share, because SinCalFire doesn't like Microsoft.
1	Yeah, they should probably leave out one of the biggest tech companies in the world with a 90% computer OS market share, because SinCalFire doesn't like Microsoft.
0	Come on people, do we need to do this again?  MS will demand it be extendable and then create incompatible/non-portable extensions.
0	Product advertisement?
1	You don't know what you are talking about, did you see the curves on the iPhone 6- mind blown!
0	I would really love to know which brands these are that performed these scams. Also does anyone realize what they are doing is extremely illegal? It should go under investigation by the FCC/FTC as well as the FDA. Generally the punishment is large fines so hopefully this happens. Its just unfair business practices that prevents the small business to compete against.
1	Yeah, I'm really surprised Apple isn't helping in this effort.
0	Yep, they're the company that proved you can have a different logo every day and still be recognizable.
1	Nah man they are totally looking at every picture I take!
0	Just tried.  Uber yes, SHealth no.
0	Doesn't hard view counts make Nielson rating obsolete?
1	They only track all of your email and private communication, nothing to care about there
0	Most companies aren't above making you train your own replacement. And as good as you are, you'd already shown willingness to switch jobs.
1	Oh, they only collect what you write in emails, skype and messaging apps, it could never be personal information
1	Everyone who says something you disagree with is paid or brainwashed. Fight the man.
0	Are you comparing an OS update to committing suicide? Those are two completely different things. Your argument makes no sense.
0	I was talking about the US but honestly the wealth divide is pretty bad in so many places on Earth.
0	2tb is ridiculous what the hell are these people doing im on the internet everyday for hours at a time I could probably use 350GB but certainly not 2TB.
0	I didn't even allocate any time to google the Iceland thing. That was based purely on my previous knowledge of the subject and was meant purely to be a point in favor of providing evidence for the post before mine. I made a request for statistics to backup a point made. So far, no stats have been produced.
0	Is this legal? It seems like a scam to get out of paying severance. Normally these deals have buyouts right?
0	"I didn't mean it literally, I just meant there is a new generation who has ""poor"" parents, who now have access to a lot of stuff their parents didn't have access too, i.e. luxury goods, more spare time etc. and who can afford it all"
0	Gates is already spending billions on research.
0	Yes, both are Webkit based.
0	Evolving language is nothing to do with vapidity.
0	"I'm only 27 I do it to anyone 23 and under. ""The kids these days"""
1	Cause who wouldn't want my dick pics? Right?
0	"There's also a portion of the terms that grants them free and unrestricted use of your likeness in all advertising content worldwide by them and their ""family of companies "" with zero compensation to you"
0	Cry some more, nothing illegal about it. Adapt and survive
0	The most shocking outcome would be if it worked. Imagine if we actually discover thousands of people can work on a project at once, like a swarm.
0	Winders sux
0	that is too many buzzwords in one title
0	Just upgrade, fool.
1	What?  Facebook stealing personal info?  I don't believe you.
0	You can get a tesla for less than 70k. They're really not that expensive.
0	It's very clearly a t section dude.
0	Wasn't that the point?
0	While driving your uber tesla, that's what the autopilot is for obviously!
0	So: let hundreds of thousands of Syrians flood into Europe... but monitor every legal citizens' complete internet activity. What a **brilliant** anti-terrorism strategy. Is this a Monty Python sketch?
0	Oh wherever shall we get them now?
0	I'm grandfathered into Sprint's original unlimited data plan.  Truly unlimited, no throttling.  *And I will never give it up.*
1	Maybe it saw the slow down sign and was worried about the children?
0	Windows 95 was orders or magnitude better than 3.11.
1	Yeah, Apple definitely doesn't push you to upgrade your OS version.
0	How fast is T-Mobile's HSPA+? Because I get 25Mbps or better on Sprint's LTE.
0	You don't have to register model airplanes/copters why should these be any different?
1	Isnt it great to lose control of your own computer?
1	So i guess hbo, netflix and co are playing for this Service? That way they make sure to eliminate competition or new market entries if they ever decide to fuck up their service... Great
1	The forced upgrade can't be that bad, look how many people were either force-upgraded or badgered until they did so!
0	"If the government hadn't granted cable TV companies a monopoly (way back when exclusive franchise agreements were legal), then the cable infrastructure would never have been built. No private company was willing to invest that much money into building a network if someone else could just come in and take half the customers. So it was a ""free market"" failure from the beginning."
1	Cause that's communism!
1	"Man nothing says ""Unlimited Data"" more than downloading at a nice speedy 135kbps!"
0	It's not bowing, it just recognizing a leader, and monetizing for it. MS is smart to do this, any foot in your door to allow you to use their products however you want to do it, is smart on their part and will keep you using them.
0	yeha i hit 90...   only my mobile hotspot gets throttled after the 7 i pay for.
0	Hey retard, the above comment literally says that it's government granted monopolies that allow this, so no, not the free market
1	So, one lane capped, and the other lane not capped. Sounds fair to everyone.
0	Amazon is giving certain content higher priority by providing free shipping. Yet I'm sure you're happy with that, no? Do you refuse to purchase products with 'free' shipping' because it is unfair to the competition? Do you get upset that an item you want does not have free shipping? Do you pass over that item, or do you buy it anyway?
0	ITT: Fuck Comcast
0	I thought that the FCC reclassified the internet as a utility? Can't they now regulate it without Congress passing laws?
0	Dirty communist !!
0	This whole time.... I have been avoiding streaming music on my data so I don't use the limit up.  If I had only knowwwwnnnnn.
0	We'll just have to wait and see. If it isn't a violation, great. If it is, it will be interesting to see if the FCC has any teeth or whether it's all bark.
0	If people have a moral obligation to be good citizens, and corporations are people, then corporations have a moral obligation to be good citizens.
0	people in this thread are getting butthurt over tmobile, and as a tmo customer im loving every minute of it
0	"Hopefully they won't ask it until this actually happens, before they just say ""oops, on further thought, we changed our minds"""
1	But what's da gigahurts?!?!
0	That's not the same as a guy with an IQ of 112 (normal) having a frustratingly fruitless discussion with his doctor, then going home to access literally the entire universe of human knowledge while laying on his bed eating Oreos.  Accessibility has completely changed.
0	It's not the journals job to pay for the research; they only publish it. They do charge stupidly high prices however.
0	Silly, *nobody* wants to think about *that* reality.
0	Not that I'm excusing them. But its partially because of the way our legal system works. You can't repeal a law, you have to overwrite it with another. Which means you have to actually pass a law, which is quite difficult.
0	Britain has.
1	But what about the children!
0	I'm pretty sure the US military uses a different GPS system then the one the public gets access to. Hell, they have wireless com between Navy vessels, no one has cracked that yet.
0	No, it's completely true sometime around 2000, which is of course used because it is the latest date they have such data tabulated for.
0	Yeah or get a job and a life outside.
0	Hopefully AT&amp;T starts offering some competitive internet speed now that their TV is moving away from their lines since they bought  dish network
0	Rogers (Canada) as well.
0	Not even close to the same price in capped areas, and the contracts are egregious, have you ever looked at how much your ETF would be?
0	"Electrolysis isn't the only way to make hydrogen. Also, ""time it's had to mature"" means nothing. It's more about how much money the technology has gotten and how lucky we got. There's been a lot more money put into Li batteries than in hydrogen creation."
0	Already doing that. Also went with a different TV provider, because I don't even care if I pay more overall if they lose a cable subscriber.
0	It does affect their bottom line substantially. When they can charge you $10 per 100gig over, and they know the average NON-streaming person uses around 500gig a month (that's just like email and facebook peeps) and the average medium user (streamer, or gamer, or professional) uses 1-2tb that's a substantial amount of money they can make from overages. Bandwidth cost wise, it costs them *ZERO* extra for unlimited as they pay for a pipe, not the amount of data that goes over it. That pipe can have 1tb or 10000tb go over it and it costs them the same.
0	Actually I live in a big city, and travel throughout the east coast. T-Mobile's coverage is awful.
1	There's no way this could backfire, like somebody tricking the car's sensor systems into thinking there are a ton of people in front of it, causing it to crash into the ditch
1	Yep. You're right. Every Sanders supporter, myself included, just wants him to steal from you and give it to me.
1	He's clearly very inconsistent and flip floppy
0	It's good enough for a 5.5% margin of error.
0	What are you taking about this is a DMCA exception..not legislation that wasn't passed.
0	Based on what? It alternates each 8 years, it's been equally split between Republicans and Democrats, they just alternate.
1	Obama loves freedom. He'll surely veto!
1	but what did senator Trump vote?
0	Electric cars are available and you can pick between affordable (Leaf) and fastish charging long range super-car (Model S).  The current models don't cover everyone's needs/wants, but they cover quite a few.  Every year the technology will improve and cover a larger portion of the market.  If that number ramps up to 90% over the next 20 years, I wouldn't call that waiting.
0	I was talking in regards to this Bill, of which 60 was needed to pass.  I'll fix the language to make that clearer.
0	Infrastructure costs immense amounts of money to build, upgrade, and maintain. The market eventually has to pay for it, the options are either charge everyone the same or charge based on usage. Some people feel like heavier users should bear more responsibility to pay for that infrastructure than someone who is barely using any capacity, one way to implement that is by charging based on actual usage.
0	You seriously believe the colour of your skin effects your brain. Do you realize how backwards that is?
1	But but Bengazi, Trump questioned Carsons religion and Hilary said sanders is sexist are the real issues
0	And then the EU will be lobbied by the corporations to force you to slow it down.
0	You honestly drive 800 miles without stopping to eat or just take a break somewhere?
0	Dude sometimes on road trips I drive like 700-800 miles in a day. Most road trips I do are 500-800 miles/day for vacations. I'm not going to wait that goddamn long for a stupid car to charge.
0	Whatever. I know what I work with, I know that I am happy with it. If you can not deal with it then that is *your* problem.
0	Also make sure to do it in Tor behind 20 proxies in a dark basement you are renting in cash by the hour.
0	I don't have an account and run some blockers to minimize tracking but the way they're trying to convince publishers to put content on Facebook only is troubling to me. Tim Berners-Lee is unhappy with the trend as it undermines an open accessible internet.
1	Ya don't say!!!
0	Are you?
0	I'm not saying they are ethical, I'm just saying they aren't afraid of having their opinions known.
1	You mean to tell me the KKK of today doesn't have a million men who march around in hoods and go around burning crosses and lynching black people?
0	KKK really didn't have anything to do with Michael Brown
1	"Yeah...that totally works when you are on your phone ""waiting somewhere."""
0	That is an understatement.
1	Yeah, nothing to do with the approval rate of the NRA being higher than the Obama administration or of congress, along with millions of individual supporters
0	"Calling something a ""best streaming service"" with a vague notion of what that is is definitely an advertisement."
1	Facts don't matter when reddit has a corruption take on something. Where's the fun in actually looking at the evidence? It's not like falsely accusing companies of corruption hurts actual effects to combat corruption
0	Look, novody here of all places is going to judge you for simply wanting to not pay for content. If you're pirating things because you're cheap, just own up to it. There's no need to try and defend your actions.
1	dude. you don't understand. this is a hulu hate thread. we have to make every con about hulu worse than it actually is. jeeez. some people just don't get it.
0	No no, not hulu. Mirror streaming sites like mp4upload. They don't get taken down, despite hulu being used as a staple source of streaming and mp4upload and other streaming sites function as a secondary and have no ties to hulu (except nwanime' agreement or w/e). Which I can assume that they have a sort of agreement that benefits them. Else hulu and the publisher would have decimated nwanime by now.
0	The best thing about not having Hulu in the UK is that almost every single one of the programs he mentions Hulu having as a plus over netflix is actually on Netflix UK
1	Yea cause we all have $800 lying around to spend on a server OS for our desktops.
0	Spot on. It was like that one argument that loading screens in videogames are good because they build suspense. Just... wow.
0	One might even say a stellar name.
1	Only to commies like the canadian!
0	I think he means buying the content individually.
0	Also Hulu is US only, and Netflix allows international users. So I have no idea how they can claim that Hulu is winning.
0	Guess you haven't heard of Chromecast.
1	Yea! Fuck people trying to make a living through youtube!!!
0	I watch YouTube stuff on my Xbox and use the 15 second commercials to smoke a bowl.  I'll back out if it's one of those shitty unskippable 29 second ads.  No view time for you.  Fuck you.
0	And those countries have benefitted from being secured from threats by the American military and not internal powers - removing an element of politics from their democracy.
1	Don't forget to tip for safety and good service.
0	I get why you'd want to use words over numbers, but I'm still confused on why you'd need to use a true level of randomization for it to be secure. Couldn't I just pick 5 words at random from different posts on Reddit? Or anywhere else for that matter, like even just the first 5 words that I can think of?  Would that not have basically the same effect as true randomization as any attacker wouldn't know what was going through my mind when I picked the words?
0	Our community has one of the most tech savvy people on the planet, some of you must be able to use some tech-wizardry to find them out. Come on, we need you. The WORLD needs you.
0	That's why I wouldn't be going to Canada. The lazy and elderly expats will choose Canada and Canada will also likely have strict limits in place as soon as he becomes President assuming the inevitable.
0	"Well if you're going to bring magic into the equation then you're fucked no matter what... But ""somehow"" doesn't really fit into the picture, and even negates your own argument of putting it on a DVD somewhere."
0	No WONDER why I always roll 1s when I play Warhammer! Not you too, Chessex!
0	ah, the classic Malcolm in the Middle attack that every opsec/crypto newb falls for
1	More proof that Obama is a terrorist Muslim
0	But what if you dices are loaded and reduces entropy? I could see the NSA selling those on Ebay.
0	Doesn't change the fact that there is no proprietary code in the browser, and that once you remove it from the menu bar it's essentially just a few KiB of extraneous code.
1	Well at least someone's making money in this economy.
0	No, I'm sorry, the syntax for that beloved saying is correct, and still works in this situation. Just bitwise it in your head.
0	It doesn't really matter who owns the rights to the software. This isn't China. The DoJ has no lawful authority to order someone install a backdoor. They can request all they want, and Apple can respond by telling them to pound sand.
1	Remember, programmers, your civic duty to program backdoors into everything you make.
1	Awesome! When is the next war?
0	"It's unfortunate that so many in law enforcement and national security services don't see that the arguments they make are all ""what if"" situations.  What if a child were abducted.  What if there were going to be a terrorist attack?  What internet and tech industry representatives are arguing aren't ""what if"" situations, they're ""when this happens"" situations.  Leave any kind of possible vulnerability to your security and someone will abuse it."
0	"The same way they ""sold out"" to Google before?"
1	Hey, we need to use BR encoding because Bro is gender offensive mah feels!
0	"This is one of the least informative useless articles I've read in a while. At what point did OP say to there self ""yeah this was a good article let's post it to reddit"""
0	Mmm, America's two favorite things to put in food.
0	No, he and his lawyers sent them a cease and desist letter. He also asked them to shut down their fundraising for him.
0	Congress handles the purse strings, not the executive branch.
1	Hey, just nonsense all over a youtube video
0	Sometimes I think reddit would prefer a philosopher king to an elected president.
0	Contracts can be renegotiated. ESPN has declined to do that and you know they didn't do it without assessing the value of the videos being on YouTube. In this case, they decided that the costs of renegotiating outweigh the free hosting/exposure they get there.
0	Yeah, but income inequality and money in politics are basically THE 2 important issues. Pretty much every other issue is just a side effect of those two really.
0	I don't see why people keep comparing Donald Duck to Ned Flanders.
0	Well drivers are being idiots? If you name something Autopilot, i think you really got look at yourself being the idiot.
0	"Exactly. What are they going to do? Take away hobbyist ham radio licenses from people too because ""We don't want to track you down if you choose to break the terms of your license, so no radios for you at all"""
0	The contract companies were upset that ms was treating its employees *too well*?
1	Yea, feel bad for criminals. That will solve the problem the USA is facing. Glad to see them taking care of the important stuff.
0	This victimizes the families more than the inmates.
0	What jobs specifically?
0	A kid had a purple mini van in high school and he named it the plum. I think it was a Ford windstar but I can't remember
1	What if you grow up to be straight?
0	The first rule of IT: the last IT guy to work on a system caused all the problems.
1	Releasing an incomplete autopilot feature in a car sounds like a great idea.
0	Yep. I've followed Mercedes really closely over the past few years and have met some people from AMG, Maybach, and people who have been with the brand for a long time. They all know Tesla is up to a bunch of baloney, it's just that Elon Musk is adored enough that he can get away with mis-labelling things to get little brand-ambassadors everywhere who worship everything he does.
1	But wait, I was taught by conservatives that lower competition would lower prices on everything.
0	If any of those words are confusing, you should probably spend a whole lot less time on reddit and go get literate.
1	Oh that makes perfect sense then. Push system that's not been completely tested and verified to be used by unprofessional drivers on public roads. Makes perfect sense because Tesla does everything amazing.
0	I don't have my systems manuals with me at the moment (oddly enough I'm at work), but it's a pretty decent length of time. 10 minutes or so at least.  (which is a ridiculously long amount of time to not touch anything, even while flying over the open ocean).
1	Too bad Teslas are so safe. We could really thin the population of dumb drivers down.
0	My friend likes to drive while also flipping through his smartphone to find the perfect song to play. This behavior has the effect of scaring the shit out of me while he's driving sometimes, mainly because he'll be more concerned with what music he wants to listen to than the road.
1	Just this Tuesday in fact, clearly we're not producing enough ethanol.
0	I want self-driving electric cars.
0	Jesus...they really are asking for huge problems.
1	People will understand the concept perfectly, and follow recommended procedures.
0	Yeah my consulting rate is considerably higher because it takes into account the fact that I have to pay more tax on the money, chase them down for a 1099, and I don't get other benefits by doing it.
0	well color me surprised
0	Not free, at no additional charge.  Since you know they already bought the feature.
1	People ignoring all the warning beta software gives? What a surprise!
1	"How convenient that Google and Facebook ""came out against it"" when it was already far too late to stop it.  I'm sure they sincerely wanted to stop it."
0	Jet-A seems to be a whole ton-and-a-half better in the cold, I'll have to do some real research looking into the why.
0	Why did anybody think getting the government involved would keep the Internet free?
0	That would be against net neutrality and it will cause a backlash.
0	I've heard of one case where RV owners set cruise control and went to the back to take a nap.
0	Silverlight? I hope you're joking. SIlverlight is already dead, more than can be said for Flash.
1	Yes please. I would love to have cell service at an inflated price while going without service in the middle of the day for a few hours at least once a month. It's like my wildest dream come true.
0	He's not a kid, but yes. Presses the kill button in most adults, but has a fanatic fanbase of kids and teens.
1	That Einstein: what a fucking moron.
0	lol, they aren't a charity . . . . they need to make money somehow.  Would you rather they force commercials into your content somehow?
0	I know all that. I asked how did it get that way? Here in Sweden our personnummer doesn't work that way.
0	As someone who needs offline music (commercial mariner) but still wants to pay something for it (get fucked beatport/itunes) this is what I've always wanted.
0	if it's in a truecrypt volume that tends to stay detached, then maybe.
0	PC CPU performance haven't been growing much.
0	Hell the framework is there. MDMs can clear passcodes.
1	nah, man. everyone here is just super smart but also super lazy
0	This is happening in like every major market from hardware to healthcare. Everyone is consolidating. Its like we don't even care about monopolies any more.
0	but its $1 a year every year after tho
0	Because Android is publicly worked on and you can see everything they do. If they were installing anything malicious, like back doors, people would flip shit because there are people that are completely unaffiliated that are capable of reading the code.
1	How much is Tesla paying you?
1	Look at this commie over here.
0	There is an article that goes with this title?
0	Compared to what? I loved the Model S I drove but outside of autopilot all those comparisons are either subjective or false depending on what you're comparing them too.
1	If God wanted us to keep time he would have given us clocks, making them ourselves is an affront to his perfection
1	nope... $500K is def not super car territory.
0	Texas arrested a kid for hoax intentions. After being told by administration to keep it hidden, he repeatedly (6 times) attempted to show off and disrupt classes until a teacher reported him as having a suspicious looking device.
1	Because Tony Stark is Captain America. Duh!!!
0	This is good for Bitcoin.
0	"The movie is called ""The town"" and it is decent at best"
1	"Slow down there skeeter - you're starting to sound like one of those ""conspiracy whackos"""
0	That makes a lot of sense. Thanks for answering.
0	Yeah, we sure don't want to hold FEDERAL investigators to a higher standard? The investigators were also just as complicit to drug trade etc. since they did not have government clearance to perform these duties.
0	That helps a bit I guess
0	This is true. The majority of americans simply do not understand the depth of this invasion of privacy, and take it at a very face value.
1	Oh, now I trust them again.
0	because the rich are the ones pushing this, and the rich control the media company's...its easy to figure out. Dont even need a tin foil hat
0	Real shame you're being downvoted for stating correctly that these companies know how to make money. That's just reddit I guess
0	They're still butt-hurt about not getting Time Warner Cable.
0	Can you suggest any good guide I should follow to make this work flawlessly?
0	"""Critical thinking""."
1	Yea....I'm sure....
0	The server is using p2p to get the file, the file is then streamed from the server to your browser. Its no different than any other video hosting website(except the site owner has technically downloaded the torrent files on his web server which is illegal but its not for the users!)
1	Yeah, there's nothing suspect at all about how republicans have handled our economy and tax dollars.
0	C is just an asshole move.  Criminal.
0	God don't be such a pussy.
1	It sucks that there's only so many GB of data in the internet every month.
1	Remember all those parents arrested for taking bath time photos of their kids? It's about time this happened. Fuck parents that take bath time pics of their kids to use to embarrass them later in life.
1	"It'll give you a heads up that you should stop having ""death to America"" as your status and maybe unfriend all of your Isis buddies."
0	Other browsers didn't make the OS it's running on
0	your syntax makes it look as though chrome and firefox are gay lovers
1	But how are the ad companies going to make millions of dollars? Think of their children.
0	It's ok because I really don't want to switch to Windows 10.
0	I'm not sure if it could be a coincidence but I have not talked about laser eye surgery or googled it recently and i saw that laser eye ad
0	I didn't use it I primarily ide Facebook messenger app and the app itself has call feature.
0	I will try it once it has ad and script blocking.
1	I'm waiting for Microsoft to start paying customers to use their built-in software over the competition. $10/month to use Edge and other built-ins exclusively, going to $20/month the following year. Kind of the reverse of the software as a subscription model.
0	Reddit circlejerk.
1	You can also go into reading mode to **read the webpages!** How has no one ever thought of using a web browser to read webpages before!?
0	"I have emailed them on some particularly egregious cases of crap items piggybacking on legit pages as another ""style"". They've responded to each one, even if it took a while."
0	Same reason they don't allow you to filter by verified purchasers. Fake reviews still help sell products.
1	Cortana doesn't work with Firefox.
0	Etherkiller!
0	This is why youtube is a like/dislike system now
0	"Look for the ""verified purchase "" flag on reviews.  If you don't see it, it's almost a guarantee that it's bullshit."
1	"This just in, Google removes it's ""Internet browsing"" feature in its latest version of Chrome because ""people just weren't using it"", more news to come."
0	I was about to be pissed if they removed it from the motoX.
1	Oye what did you just say about emacs?
0	You are comparing a glorified smart phone to a portable desktop computer. You are obviously clueless.
0	Rofl. When did they stop making cabinets?
0	They still listen, they just no longer have the team to support pretending that this is a feature.
1	1 TB of ram for $3199 wow that's a surprisingly good deal! I'm glad ram prices are finally coming down.
0	Online behavior is very good for training neural networks because it doesn't rely on peoples verbal or written answers to questions, but only on observation of user's actual input/behavior. However, you still don't always know who is at the other end of the computer.
0	That wasn't the discussion. It was whether their marketing of unlimited is accurate or not.
0	You are also an extreme edge case.
0	Two hours of bus commute a day watching netflix and youtube will eat through 25gb a month easy. I speak from experience here.
0	Don't Mac ads just show people using the devices in a regular day-to-day scenario? How do those make you cringe?
1	Nah, this is all for the public good.   Politicians would never have something to hide.
0	It's not like you have come up with anything better.
1	Yeah because Universities should give out free technology to the largest, richest corporations in the world.
0	Anyone who's dumb enough to not read the fine print probably couldn't afford such a test in the first place.
0	LBE? Lesbians Buttfucking Eachother?
0	Marshmallow is supposed to allow the owner of the phone to control how its used.
0	Interested... Forbes? Damn it.
0	Ah, okay. I thought it might be some kinda WiFi-sensing, maybe accelerometer-based thing.
1	You did nothing wrong, what do you have to fear?
1	But why would someone do that before commenting?
0	Corporations and their advertisements can eat my fucking arse. It's like they try to just ruin everything they can get their hands on and that includes society now.
0	Is it my imagination, or is the Internet  balkanizing more every day due to government issues and rights holder interference?
0	I love it. I don't understand the pain since it gives me almost absolute control of what my browser loads and shows.
0	Why should I care who pays the bills? Isn't that Reddit Co.'s job?
0	I know its antireddit sounding but folks do have to make money to provide content for us to jizz on.
0	What a stupid title/comment. This is inevitable given the nature of the market
1	We wouldn't want to let EPB have a monopoly now would we?
0	every time a video starts to auto play, all i think of is that nonsense that I didnt want just applied to my data cap. I can read, and want to.
0	Thank you for the complaint.
1	You're right.  We should never improve video quality because ISPs have monopolies.
0	Fun fact, the linux version of Skype is so old it doesn't have adds.
0	I roll diplomacy and acrobatics simultaneously.
0	Good thing I don't use flash!
0	"For over a decade now, Adobe's main product is ""vulnerability."""
0	The finished product remains the same.
0	uh, at the time there really weren't alternatives and hulu was amazing. tons of shows for free with an ad or two, way way better than netflix at the time (say 2008)
1	There's currently no quick fix for climate change, so just blow up the planet.
0	For video, I've been using the *HTML5 Video Everywhere* plugin for a while now.
0	People often go with it because it's the faction of the cost of cable.  Hulu or some other alternative can meet their demands at 1/5 the price with the minor inconveniences.  It's really what you want and what you want to pay for it.
0	Yeah PPAPI is cool.
0	Nice try, George Bush.
1	But but but, having flash is the killer app of android! iOS can't do flash, it's what will keep it from ever being successful!!
0	My phone also had my plane boarding pass when I went on holiday
0	"""Oh god what am I!?! NOPE, TRY AGAIN IN C++ OR SOMETHING."""
1	You mean foreign invaders and silly make believe
0	Only Oprah can save us.
1	Hey cool, now the retail employees can afford to buy Apple products.
0	Article is from May.
0	What exactly is the scandal these days?  I've heard various far-fetched theories (all from people who discount them outright), but it sounds like you'd have a different perspective on the matter?  (if you're worried about karma or backlash or whatever, feel free to PM me: I honestly want to know what the story is)
1	It's only ok if OUR government does it
1	but she said that wouldn't say anything to get elected!
0	"Ha! I did that in about 2002 while I was in college. I ran into the same thing. I was either ""weird and nerdy"" or ""this is fucking awesome"" because I would have movie night in my dorm room running S-Video to RCA adapter to TV and would watch the newest movies in my room straight from the computer."
1	Ya. Id rather roll my dice with Boner than my supervisor too.
0	At what point do we need to bust them up into baby bells again?
0	That may have been an attempt to get into Europe.  T-Mobile is sort of big deal there.
0	Uverse is in Memphis.
0	Just go to a sports bar, or restaurant. Costs much less than a cable subscription, and you get to be around other fans.
1	Oh man. Anyone have a tl:dr? I'm too busy playing my Ooya to read it.
1	b...bbbbut Google only wants to improve our lives and do other altruistic things that don't involve making money or gaining power!
0	At bar prices that's almost as much as cable.
0	You can always dual boot.
0	Have you *watched* cable lately?  On Netflix I can watch 10 episodes of something and not see any ads.  Or I can watch one episode of something and see 20 ads.  And I have to watch whatever happens to be on at the time, most of which is reality TV.  Don't care for sports.  Netflix is $9 and cable is like $30. So yeah, why in the name of sweet baby ray's would I subscribe to cable?
1	It's so rare that a true intellectual is heard from.
0	No, just that it's even better at a lower price. Like everything else we buy.
0	he totally cruised all over her face.
1	But he's half-black and therefore a cool dude... don't be such a realistic thinker.  Everyone is letting their emotions go wild for Senator Sanders.  Just look at the front page of pipe dreams!
1	Yup. Electoral College is a good idea, right? Yay!!!
0	Because it's one of the best research institutions in the entire country?
0	"I've seen the same sort of thing with Bush. I imagine that as media is becoming progressively easier to catalog, such ""debates"" will be compiled for all future presidents."
0	They'll pay a maximum of about 5% of that, Apple have pretty good lawyers.
0	The CPUs used in An and AnX are designed by Apple. They're ARM-compatible, but not designed by ARM.
0	Do you think you could differentiate between a high quality JPEG and a PNG at 100% zoom?
0	IN OTHER NEWS, CONFOUNDED INTERNET USERS STILL THINK ALLCAPS MAKES THEIR POSTS MORE LIKELY TO BE READ, ARE DELUDED
1	A wimp, eh?
0	Why can't the market handle 350? It wasn't 350 people in one location.
1	What a gigantic loss.
0	I mean, that's just in Orlando. The St. Louis police probably use more like 5 or 6 force. It varies.
1	It sounds more like machinery screech than anything. But since it's Halloween, suddenly so spoopy.
0	Funny, but no, this is about updates not officially released. Features in testing, etc.
0	NSA will just log the traffic through backdoors or some such and arrest you anyway.
0	TPP should make it easy to track you down.
0	Just wait until that sub 30k (after rebates) car hey are making comes out. They literally will have a waiting list a mile long.
0	PIA doesn't log your traffic.
0	There are lots of different VPN servers and clients, some of them implemented in software and some in hardware (dedicated appliances, firewalls, etc). But yes, if a server becomes saturated, then it will result in higher latency and eventually packet loss just like any other server. VPN servers can be configured in such a way as to be highly available, so if one (or more) fail, others can pick up new sessions, though existing sessions will break and have to re-authenticate. Many enterprise load balancers can also balance connections to a pool of VPN servers and keep sessions on the same backend servers where they started via priority groups, so you aren't as likely to run into the issue of saturation because each new session goes to a different (typically least-loaded) backend server.
0	Or we could kill all the people trying to get this passed.
1	Well that's a great ideal to aspire to - great fucking job, we're moving in the right direction!
0	No Smart TV, no problem. One more reason to cut the cord and ditch the set top box. You get free HD channels over a plain antenna, plus they can't track you.
1	Yeah, totally!  Internet tech-giant monopolies will solve all our problems and introduce no new, even worse problems!
0	I watch sports live with an antenna. Luckily I just watch NFL games or I'd be missing a lot of sports.
0	"Actually, as it's a partnership, as far as I understand, it is not put up to a vote by the people. Only by our ""representatives."""
0	That's where it gets tricky.  They need to maintain quality content to ensure people are interested.  Quality content takes time and costs money.  From Netflix's perspective, they can pay x amount of dollars for a license to pre-existing content for x amount of time, or they can pay 5x (arbitrary constant) for content which they own forever.  It's a balancing act, and they seem to be doing a pretty good job of it.  The end goal is to produce and distribute only their own content and when they are capable of doing that they can say fuck you to everyone producing competing content.
0	But what if you die, need to show off, have high blood pressure, have high blood pressure, or get sued? What then?
0	Current season shows a day or so after they air, The Criterion Collection (which makes their movie selection better than Netflix if you are into classic films) and South Park. Hulu gets watched in my house a lot more than Netflix these days but we do watch both. Netflix is more about their original shows these days, most of which I don't care about.
1	Because those other planets look so much better than earth does.
0	At what point is everyone willing to seriously consider that this might be tied to NSA data collection?
0	Read the what now?
0	"Yes and rename everything else as simply ""fee for use of .."""
1	In most of the situations you don't need an iPhone, a cheap google one phone would suffice, let's tax the shit out of smartphones for $600+
0	How does Dell even have this kind of money or worth to spend 67 BILLION?
0	Make laws then. Until then, they are operating within the law, and it's nonsensical for them to not do what helps their bottom line. This balance is wonky and that's because the tax code is wonky, not the company.
0	Are you some kind of a wizard?
0	No shit. Smaller fleet and more money plus the ability to constantly upgrade the cars? Not to mention a taxi service would be mostly urban, so potential accidents are less likely to totally ruin the car.
0	This would make a great new cliche comment.
0	The report is fom 2005. As a u.s. nuclear plant IM person, I can assure you that all of the weaknesses brought up in this article no longer exist.
0	Meeting women is easy. Getting rid of them is a pain in the ass.
1	So you want to keep women out of tech?
1	This just in! If you buy something earlier than released from a shady source, you might get ripped off! Who would have thought?!?!
0	Isn't Apple still pretty hard core about not giving the government anything it wants? I seem to remember a big dust up about encrypted iMessage for example or the total memory space encryption on iPhones. I would think they follow the same approach for desktop - anyone know for sure?
0	Can a tesla surf the web and show porn on the center display?
0	Being able to see the source code is not synonymous for secure. It allows for better scrutinizing but most definitely doesn't protect against zero days used by the NSA.
0	should make it .kkk instead
1	"This is reddit, definitely no ""tumblr outrage culture"" to be found here"
0	I would love to see some more details. It says they will arrive Thursday?
0	lol what?
0	With Japanese technology, that's an easy mistake to make. ;)
0	"With a list like that it is a joke to even suggest ""vote with your wallet"""
0	WONTFIX UPSTREAM
0	And back then copyright could have applied just the same. You can't just claim that pre-copyright culture is qualitatively different for no reason. And the less work that exists in an area already, the easier it is to sustain broad claims to large fractions of the field. There's still be genres to create.
0	Nothing is stopping you
0	isn't Reddit owned by Conde Nast?
1	This is a 'leak' that cannot be confirmed so sure, the world powers crafted a trade deal for the intent of keeping you from changing the OS you use on store-bought computers. Why not? It's about as logical as some of the other rumors. SJWs unite!
1	Sounds totally believable
1	Well i'm glad they finally addressed one of the biggest issues with Firefox. Now it's perfect !
0	Thanks Obama!
0	This is how you start WWIII.  Idiots.
1	But, but, of course all greedy people live in the U.S. and none in any other nations, I mean come on
0	The way Obama is strutting it as the best thing since sliced bread, I don't think if 100% of the citizens were against it, I think they would still fast track it through.  Hollywood has paid them real well to do their job right, and not to fuck it up. (Maniacal laughter)
0	If I'm reading it correctly, it's criminally liable if you tinker and a commercial motive can be shown. You're otherwise liable if you do not show commercial willingness.
0	Damn, forgot about that. Thanks for reminding me.
0	We've had a right-wing government for 10 years, possibly more come the 17th.  I wouldn't.
0	And in another comment you said you'd vote for trump, you're a fucking brogressive who has no idea why he votes the way he does
1	Free shit is my right cunt.
1	Right, his companies totally don't invent anything. People have been landing their rockets and driving their electric cars across the country for centuries.
0	"I'm really seeing the ""we're going to get fucked over, so we might as well go along with it"" narrative picking up steam. This is how it will always be. There'll always be difficult ""decisions"" for us, the citizens, to make, but the available options will deviate further and further from what the average person would want if he thought for himself instead of triangulating his position based on those around him. A few more people have just been sucked into the vacuum this second, and now they're working to strengthen it from the inside."
0	Remember kids, governments can only infringe on your freedom, they cannot give it to you.
1	"I've been saying it since Anonymous Operation Blackout-SOPA three years ago. Only the codification of that operation which peaked with ~20 million voters blacking out the Internet for the 24 hours of January 18th, 2012 - which can be codified into  48 million ""voter-hours"" - a standard unit of measurement that empowers people in a way that is universally compatible with all preexisting forms of government and social networking. I've been developing this for 3 years under the project codename BitVote. It's the only thing that has an feasible chance of saving the Internet - but you guys go ahead and keep ignoring me. Focus on whatever you think your agenda is while the Internet keeps dying, because you're obviously doing a smashing job and should continue with your successful tactics proven to work"
0	But france was defeated anyway
0	... in the United States.  The whole point of the TPP is to apply the same rules to all countries that are part of the deal.
1	I'm so fortunate to live I this day and age
0	That's something they should have planned and prepared for. Or, and I loathe to suggest this, they could argue that Mickey should be trademarked, which does not expire.
0	I'm not talking about this specific chapter, I'm talking about the general argument the some use to classify leaking classified info as treason
0	If Mars is so heavily irradiated, isn't there something we can build to capture that radiation and turn it into power?
1	Yeah I know there's at least one, but do you really wanna go work at the Tesla graveyard? Haha yeah right, they never design anything cool there.
0	Kind of a dickish thing to say, even if it is true.
0	More people own iPhones than own Teslas
0	So? Why would they pay more. If you want to be paid more go elsewhere - no one is forcing you to take the job. The job isn't welfare.
0	If Apple pays more, and employees swap to apple, I think that would work out great for Musk. Money drives greed, not ideas. All apple does is looks for the next hip thing to sell you, all they care about is cash.
1	I guess everyone BUT space pays over market rate then.
0	So you make $260k in your first year! Incredible!
1	why the hell are republicans against a free and *open* market?
0	Probably why they are being used as a stepping stone to Apple. Let tesla do the weeding
1	Whoa.  Careful now, you can't talk shit about holy Tesla and Musk around these parts...that's blasphemy!
1	We treat our data like our water. It's hard to get.
0	You can say something to get a vote and not mean it.  Sorry to say, but its the truth.
0	Nobody offers true unlimited in the US because everyone has to pay AT&amp;T or Verizon for access to towers at some point, and the big two charge other companies for data in a way that makes true unlimited financially infeasible.
0	he dun goofed
0	Wasn't it PageRank?
1	Wow, this economy has some crazy inflation for them to have to raise the price by $20!
0	Smaller. My buddy got a Surface 3 Pro from work, and the keyboard is pretty much your bog standard laptop-chicklet job.
0	If you like Google get Project Fi, T-Mobile and Sprint had some nasty sex and this came out of it (only on some phones though).
0	Someone probably gave him some candy.
0	Dunno, I'm in the same boat as you. I've had many a moment where I was saved an inconvenience because Google remembers what I search and what I *don't* search.
1	Yeah man, in the extreme you end up with Norway and Sweden and Belgium. Total shitholes!
0	Just turn Google Analytics off. That being said I have yet to do that myself out of the purest of pure laziness.
0	For longer than I care to admit, I thought this was a Soapboxbanhammer post.
0	It's that you can subscribe to a lot of channels, some of which are only good, not great.
0	Because you don't clear your cookies.
1	Next year they're introducing additional measures that drop your credit score if you are caught smiling and raises your credit score if you cry yourself to sleep for five nights in a row.
1	Yeah. Let's make YouTube like Pandora!
0	I agree with that. People shouldn't vote a straight party ballot, but the ones who get elected overwhelmingly come from those two parties. So aren't all of our politicians essentially lumped into these 2 groups since we don't have ranked ballots?
0	source please? (FYI I'm not american)
1	but reddit tells me both parties are le same! Bernie Sanders or don't vote!
0	Yup. One of the easier solutions. It still runs the risk of the RDP session being intercepted, but that is a risk you take everyday anyhow. You can also use something like CITRIX or another technology that offers end to end encryption to help with that somewhat.
0	"I think you're missing the fact that he said ""Republicans"" not ""conservatives."" There are several states where there are a whole lot of conservative Democrats. They tend to be socially conservative and fiscally liberal. Before the 2010 Republican wave election, there was a significant bloc of them in Congress who were called ""Blue Dog Democrats."""
1	well, if it werent for those pesky democrats being unreasonable, there wouldve been no need for a shutdown, would there?
1	Yes that'll make them stop.
0	Truecrypt container is awesome for the cloud.
0	"That's annoying. ""Premium feel"" means no battery clunking around I guess, so glue that fucker in."
1	It's ok though, only the government will have access to the security backdoors, just like those tsa keys for baggage that totally aren't available to 3d print now.
0	Why are people talking about baby boomers on the FCC page? Shouldn't they be complaining on the social security site?
0	Yeah man, why wouldn't he sink resources into an app that won't get any return on investment?  What an asshole.
1	But their friends son writes javascript....  That's totally a java expert and he is still in highschool.  Like totes right.
1	Some videos from terrorists are horrific. Ban videos online!
1	What's AOL?
0	And you can your phone screen off and still listen. Yes please YouTube.
0	If you're writing programs to do math, chances are there's a good undersanding of the underlying math already there. I know how to code in python, for example, but without knowledge in calculus, I can't write a program to find a derivative or without knowledge of quadratic formula I can't program a computer to use the quadratic formula to find x=0
1	You mean you don't want a laptop with a 768p screen?  What do you need all those pixels for?
0	Either way I regret my decision to open Cortana.
1	I'm *sure* he was referring to the code it runs, not the relative performance benchmarks.
0	To this day, I can head the CEO of Blockbuster banging his head against the wall.
0	Once.  My rule of thumb is you replace each laptop's battery once, when it's 3-4 years old.  After that, it's utility is low enough that getting a new battery is silly.  Batteries are lasting better these days though, so I'm guessing that's why non-removable is getting more popular.
0	"You're not wrong, but ""with some effort this isn't that much of a problem"" is probably the worst kind of response/justification to ""why did they take away this feature and create this problem?"""
1	As soon as capitalism is abolished, your device obviously will start lasting for 10 years.. especially if it was bought with basic income. It adds a modifier onto everything so it's much better
0	It is, they can pay companies to build apps on their devices, it would just be expensive.
0	Around five years ago you could get a solid, name brand laptop with the latest i5 and a decent GPU for far less than you can today.
0	"I hope Microsoft has prepared enough storage for all that data they are collecting on users now. They'll need a few data centers for all that ""telemetry"" data."
0	Calm down edgemaster
1	That 1 GB of RAM must make Android TV a dream.
0	Yeah, super big deal.
0	What the hell was wrong with the original algorithm? Interesting news came to the top in a timely fashion. Bullshit got opted out quickly. Was the system too easy to game?
1	#OH NO, SURELY THEY'LL GO BANKRUPT NOW. I'M SURE THOSE PRICES THAT THEY HAD TO SLASH WERE ALREADY OPERATING ON RAZOR THIN MARGINS
0	"You missed a comma after ""more"". Your comment is invalid and will be reported to the mods."
0	"It's not a flood of new users. Reddit is hemorrhaging content curators,  the ""knights of new"" due to users leaving because of policy shenanigans."
0	True, but then they should not advertise as a mobile workstation that can run fancy stuff like 3D modelling software.  I'm talking about real stuff like Maya or 3D studio Max, not Google sketchup
1	Right, all that press made reddit suddently and punctually receive many thousands of new and even active users that would cause this issue and have it persist thus far. Yeah that sounds plausible, well done admins for being honest for a change!
0	I own a Surface Pro 3 and it's true that Microsoft's keynote was spectacular, but Apple also made 13 billion dollars on the first day the 6s was out... so there's that.
0	Which would imply a sudden influx of people over night as the 'slowless' of the frontpage appeared over night.
1	I see you are not using sarcasm. I will do as you say.
0	"I imagine that's ""toe the party line"", as towing something like an imaginary line seems a little ridiculous. Toeing it does, too, of course. Just thought I'd leave this here."
0	I have been saying for years that I would buy any hinged tablet convertible with a highly sensitive pen and discreet graphics thinking nobody would ever actually make one. Touche Microsoft. Time to put my money where my mouth is.
0	I had a look and can't find any suggestion of it. Did you mean on-screen? Windows' remote desktop app does that, but that's not what I meant.
0	Wow, they just crushed Apple with that presentation. I'm sold.
0	Well it's not like they can just do this to anybody. Just other idiots with this extension.
1	How much did Apple pay you to hate on the pro Microsoft comment?
1	"Ah, the ""Alpha Males""?"
0	ssl helps with that. Tor does not.
1	Toyota is ridiculous. If you wanted to collect every model car they make in a year you'd have to pay literally millions of dollars!
0	The smartphone makers likely either a) don't know of the flaws being exploited or b) do know but are colluding with the NSA or being forced to thanks to a NSL.
1	There apple goes copying other companies again! The HTC One M9 was the first phone/cigarette lighter combo!
0	Oh gods, imagine quantum graphics cards. Virtual reality would suddenly become a LOT more practical if we could fit in thousands more operations per operation.
0	"It's their version of the current Digg basically, except they are keeping ""voting"", can intermingle plenty of sponsored content when there is no commenting."
0	seriously, im sure a lot of changes have been made between drafts.
1	The phantom pain?
1	Apple sheep deserve to be locked up tbh
0	Arguably... The EU experiment is much, much bigger than this and GATT and the Uruguay Round trumps this for its sheer size. And NAFTA was/is tiny in the economical sense.
0	Can someone explain to me what this means to us? I'm lost and would really like to be able to defend a point when it comes up.
1	"""It's so innovative! It's ALMOST waterproof!"""
0	He's actually a very nice person.  Except for the beatin' he gave me.
1	Your right that makes OPs title correct and not at all misleading.
1	"I also heard that google lets you ""go ogle"" people online. Its disgusting."
0	I am sure not many agree with me but what is wrong with this? People who create content like to get paid for it and downloading songs/movies or anything copyrighted is stealing.
0	..and from android 4.4.2 I think it was you have the option of turning on the screen (which then includes an emergency button) via double tap. My thigh is good at double tapping it seems, although luckily you still have to input the proper number and then press dial, which means I just end up having 43095834598674308957243097 or something like that in the number section ;)
0	Where?
0	Usually when you bundle services for a lower price
0	in canada, bell will put you through to the retention depertment and promise a nice discount and not actually bother giving you the discount.
0	Less skilled = more skilled
0	I have 2 friends that live together... sign a 1-year introductory rate then swap each year. Fuck Cramcost (if you have decent credit).
0	nope...... he was definitely an idiot
1	I never saw this coming.
1	Wow, those guys sure look like they offer a great service! I should ditch Uber and go with them, they sound like nice people I want to handle the car I am in!
1	What do you mean? Talking on the phone in your dirty cab wearing clothes you haven't washed for three weeks isn't terrible at all!
0	Please clarify, I don't understand.
0	The same definitely apples in Lima too.
0	theyve started to do that in Atlanta.
1	"Good thing the local police force are the ones who investigate and make arrests for tax evasion and spearhead investigations on nationwide ""scam"" companies."
0	They also lease DSL lines from Bell as well.
0	I had this idea awhile back but decided it wasn't worth pursuing because of the low energy output.
0	This is real innovation; who else let's you view messages, pictures, or video more than once after it's created? Everybody, but this has no website to go with it, therefore it's revolutionary.
1	I'm sure this won't have any unintended consequences.
0	In the beginning even they said snaps are never deleted forever. They admitted to keeping records, as are required to as per 'Murrica'n law.
0	What if it's a foreign VPN?
0	I never understood how snapchat was relevant to begin with. Has nobody who uses it heard of a screenshot?
1	Sick, now I can forever fap to nudes.
0	Yes, if you're sending texts to people you've just met. I know what carrier most of the people that I regularly text use, though.
0	Help us FCC! You're our only hope!
0	It was the middle-out algorithm I believe.
0	I agree, its ridiculous.
1	using too much data is bad for the environment!
0	Allegorically Charles Taylor?
0	Evil, has higher quarterly returns for the investor reports.
0	Basically ublock origin is by the original (hah) owner, while ublock is a branched off clone or something which apparently was obnoxious about begging for donations at first. Dunno about recently.
0	Because reddit, like the rest of the world, contains idiots.
0	Doesn't look like it, but check your accounts to be sure.
0	With a claim like that you better have sources.
0	They aren't the same, but they both have the same problem. There's third one called Adblock Edge that's different however. But you'd have to look into it.
0	What the sweet fuck? 13 million for sending reminder emails?
0	A lot of devices come with Facebook baked in and unless you're a techie, you will not know where to begin.
1	YouTube employees and content creators are volunteers and all the servers and bandwidth are donated so why do they even need to show me ads? I am entitled to the content without any minor interruption, this is America, land of the FREE!
0	Here, have a downvote!
1	The GOP and Fox News teamed up to buy it.
0	All adblocks let you whitelist, basic feature
0	The difference is that Microsoft is the evil incarnate company that has blocked technology's progress for 25 years and Google is the one that got things in motion again.
0	Can't top grassroots ad delivery.
0	There's one other name you might know me by... Five Star Lord.
0	Sick benchmarks, bro. How about features? Also, how does uBlock compare to what this article is talking about, Adblock, not ABP?
1	Yeah, block ports 80 and 443, problem solved
0	And then in 6 months the option stops working and you still see ads.
1	Yeah why should youtubers earn money? They should make videos that I can watch, for free! They shouldn't get money doing their job.
0	The quality for videos is not very good.
0	80% of them believe in a magic sky fairy.
0	USB OTG isn't the same
1	like
1	What, are you some kind of terrorist-lover?
0	A scripting language _is_ a programming language.
1	Illuminati confirmed
0	MTG is Turing complete?
0	Read all the fine print and everything in the notification email and there was nothing suspicious about it. It freaks me out
0	because for 800 bucks i can get a quite nice commuter bicycle and not look like a tool at the same time?
1	C'mon, they're just trying to scrape by. It's a very competitive market!
1	Yes, they should totally go undercover and sell their findings to the highest bidders. This is the best way to make the car manufacturers accountable while at the same time making sure the public is safe.
0	The point of the security certificate warning is to tell you that isn't who you think it is so you shouldn't trust them.
0	Such as?
1	They did deliver high speed internet to rural areas, its called LTE!
0	You shouldn't build your OS around preventing a very small group of people (those who know how to turn updates off but don't recognize the consequences) from doing something that a very large group of people (power users, anyone who does any type of development, small/home businesses who can't afford enterprise licenses) legitimately need/want.
0	DO record them. Let them know they are being recorded and if they refuse to talk talk to a manager, or that managers manager, et al.
1	"GUYS, it's NOT a ""cap!""  A cap would be if they just cut off your internet service once you crossed 300GB.   Comcast isn't doing that to us, they are being nice.  Instead, they are implementing this ""data plan"" and only charging us reasonable prices for each GB we use above 300."
0	I junk they knew they were going to get banned but did it anyway for page views. There isn't any real repercussions as they can sign up for a new dev account immediately .
1	"You mean it's not ""if you can't  beat them, game the system?"""
0	Holy shit, now that analogy perfectly explains the brown pants! Thank you.
0	Time to build myself a bot that keeps giving me 5 stars.
0	Probably 0. I would wager that Google would be quick to sue or challenge the ownership.
0	Lawyers hate them.
0	When you remove a resources  only way of renewing itself it tends to run out if you use.
1	Because people never talk about anything private or sensitive in the privacy of their homes.  They only talk about what they're having for dinner.  Always.
0	I want one though.
0	But what do the below average Swedes have to say?
1	Please explain what exactly there is to worry about for us average people? Oh no giant companies aren't making as much money guys!!!
0	So I guess everyone will just ignore the law - again.
1	But think of the horses! Do it for the horses.
1	Besides, it would be cheaper to buy enough hitmen to cover the Board of Directors &amp; C Level executives.
0	I am more concerned that people are going out of their way to hide when they're blending in with a crowd of 300 million people.  Yes, the surveillance is wrong and needs to end.  But hiding from it is pointless and is only limiting yourself.
0	The FCC allows that under their net neutrality rules too.
1	Awesome, problem solved.  After talking to my city this morning,  I now have an alternative to Comcast and getting great service.  Thanks!
1	It's for continuing improvements to the infrastructure, obviously.
0	The thing is, at the time .RM worked best for animation over asf or mpeg1.  Once Divx came out, we were spared ever having to deal with RM again.
1	Wow, so glad the FCC is restraining them like everyone said they would a few months back.
0	Literally Hitler.
1	Feel free to switch to one of the many available alternatives the free market has opened up to you.  Go on, I'll wait.
0	An anonymous group is incapable of hypocrisy
0	"Maybe even go a step further and argue for a city-run ISP. Then someone can say ""but the free market!"" and argue against any sort of monopolistic arrangement to ""beat"" your idea. Either way: Comcast loses."
1	And I TOTALLY believe they are stopping!!!
0	Well you don't really need a NAS setup. No need to store anything if you can just download it in a couple mins should you need it again.
0	I tend to vpn either way(though yeah, regional restrictions), but last I remember tpb had some server issues months after they came back online with stability and redirects.
0	they can be read by NFC enabled phones.  They have been using NFC and RFID chips for a long time.  NFC enabled phones can read them from quite a distance.
1	Or you could just drink a lot of Pepsi, i hear you can get one with enough points!
0	They remove it because content licenses expire and either the content producers want too much to renew or there's just not enough folks watching to justify renewal. Sometimes both.
1	Steve Jobs was an angel, taken before his time. Too bad we are stuck with Gates.
0	I think it should be a concern that our technological advancement is dependent on the philanthropy of a few wealthy individuals.
1	Imagine if all those billions belonged to the government. Think of all the good they would do.
0	All we need is fusion.
1	Or just legal residents. That's what visas are for. Earn your citizenship by working well and behaving yourself, but enjoy legal protections in the meantime. An idea with no
0	Um... that's encryption.
1	But we'll put encryption in here somewhere and say it's bad.
1	Ya know, now that you mention it, XOR , AND , and SHIFT are just too strong to be legal in the civilian world , hopefully people come to their senses and ban these complex threats
1	Good that every communication is logged. Else they could not have found this out **after** it happened.
0	I wonder, with music streaming being a thing now over the net, are there Internet/online number stations now?
1	Well that *proves* we should ban all encryption. If we're losing to plaintext terrorism, we will never beat encrypted terrorism.
0	Not if you have the hidden card.
1	It's because using encryption is *too obviously what a terrorist would do*.
0	LOL, nice job projecting
0	I prefer when my escorts have arms. It was an awkward night in Amsterdam for me with that armless escort.
0	And which might that be, being a Swede myself?
1	What is this google and why isn't it banned yet?
0	Not really, when it was proven time and time again that this sort of conduct does happen.
0	Your DB should be mostly in memory anyway. What DB are you using?
1	Wow. Four paragraphs to actually get to the fucking point. Great article
0	Interesting that they can seize an ordinary citizens money from his car or bank account immediately, just because they suspect that it may be from a crime, but when a corporation is found to have committed an offense - it takes years to collect it.
0	The biggest lobby against Dodd Frank is small to medium corporations because they are the ones fucked in the ass by it. Wall Street doesn't mind it because it keeps new competitors from coming into the market.
1	But that's anti-capitalist and therefore anti-american.
0	If you had stated it like that in your first post I would have just agreed, up-voted, and moved on.
0	Silly, if it's not encrypted and on the internet, they're not going to touch a magazine.
1	Of course, because we can all drink seawater, or simply open our mouths to let in the humid, refreshing air.
0	I see what you did there.
1	Yeah line of sight Internet sounds great
0	The best part is that the media jumped the gun and said that the terrorists were able to plan this using encrypted phones when they were really using unencrypted SMS messages.
0	"That is because they are killing the right people. It's just that the ""right people"" are everyone who is not them."
1	"The article is incredibly ambiguous. So this ""mr grey"" got access to a ton of website login info. For all we know it could all be pornhub and xhampster accounts. If we knew more info about what this actually was, might be issue for concern. It says in the past they've hacked emails and website domains. The website has an amazing way way with putting a ton of detail into their article here."
1	totally worth the $3 then, hmmm.
1	Its the mark of the beast!
0	Anonymous is interested strictly in agitating and disrupting, I think a majority of them lack diplomatic skills.
0	"Because they shouldn't be doing anything. A bunch of uninformed amateurs stumbling around half blind is far more likely to alert these groups to security gaps and hurt REAL intelligence gathering than the are to succeed in helping. If they want to help, figure out these things and send the information to the FBI, CIA or just about any other acronym... doing big public displays is like someone running around in front of a burning building, waving a sign, saying ""Look I'm helping"" on the phone with 911 while blocking the firefighters from entering the building and putting the bloody fire."
0	"It's not really wrong, so much as it's beating around the bush to say that ""Anonymous"" isn't a group or a person, it's more of a brand. Like the theory that Banksy is actually several artists, I guess."
1	"Anonymous doing something that is wildly inaccurate? Well I'm shocked. I mean they were so spot on with their ""KKK reveal""."
0	"Just take out the ""I"""
0	"Every shitty ""journalist"" taking facts from reddit as usual."
1	How? They'd have no way to make money
0	"I like how the post is tagged ""possibly misleading"" when that's what the privacy post actually is"
0	Last time I checked, the FCC doesn't regulate sound waves either.
0	They renamed a fucking service.  Jesus christ what an overreaction.
0	Why wouldn't they. Free money for them.
0	Yeah, open your mind and reach the other 6 billion or so people who don't use the American everything.
0	No. This is like getting an e-birthday card from the restaurant that you signed up for promotions at. Sure they are telling you happy birthday but it is an empty attempt to instill some emotion in you.
1	On my home's wifi, eating up the 300 gb data cap that Comcast has graced us with
0	I'M A COP YOU IDIOT
0	Same here... *******
0	At least now we'll have something to blame when your cat suddenly randomly goes crazy and runs around the house.
0	This doesn't involve any brain reading.
0	"Hacking doesn't necessarily mean ""breaking in."" In much of the tech world, we use the term to describe hastily thrown together code that acts as a quick and dirty solution to a small problem. In this case, a lack of coffee."
0	If someone dies as a result of that crank call, that's as good as the caller pulling the trigger.  Life is perfectly acceptable.
1	The media *wouldn't*!
1	But if we make it illegal, clearly these people out to kill will stop using it.  Criminals don't want to break the law do they?
0	Blue Origin is much more secretive than SpaceX, but their short-term goals are also much more modest. SpaceX is trying to land a larger rocket which carries a heavier payload at the end of a much higher and faster flight. This is still a major achievement, but the difference in scale is significant.
0	It would suddenly be the cool thing to do and people would do it out of protest. It would backfire spectacularly for them.
1	We should be immigrants from using encryption
0	It's all fun and games until someone implements your crypto in 2 lines of Perl and prints it in their t-shirt.
1	Better than nothing...
1	Why store it on an HSM when you can image millions of workstations with a backup of the private key?
0	What anti-encryption propaganda? The only propaganda I've seen on this site is anti-anti-encryption.
1	A business with an ad-based revenue model refusing service to users circumventing their revenue model. Outrageous!
0	Encryption libraries are already treated as weapons in several ways, including export restrictions.  I prefer to think of it as free speech *and* a second amendment issue.  If the pants-shitting chickenhawks want to weaponize software, force them to go all in.
0	I meant to dump the ROM and edit it yourself...  if you don't have a degree in computer science (or you REALLY know what you're doing) i would not recommend doing that.
0	What about the flavor of despair?
0	But this isn't Superfish. Superfish installed a CA cert that could be used for MITMing network traffic, but this cert can only be used for code signing.
1	Well thank god there are like... 4 motherboard manufacturers!
0	...what?
1	Don't worry, nobody will ever guess it!
1	"""hey look this ad from the creator of this thing trying to sell it to you, it's totally not biased!"""
1	We must be running out of internets if they have to raise the price.
0	Can confirm, this guy was alive back then
0	But this is a vulnerability to likely all recent Dell computers. Anyone with a Dell computer may lose their email/banking passwords.
0	Would alarms just not go off anyway? Not sure as I'm not an android user.
0	Sounds like a shitty future.
0	"As Apple has said, "" There is no such thing as a backdoor only for the good guys."""
1	There should be a company that's built on sharing this information so you only see ads that pertain to you. You get to see things the interest you, and they get customers. It's a win win.
0	No it does not, it enables access. access != spying.
0	White privileged written all over it.
1	GTA V first person mode
1	Hey that's sexist!
0	without fail, each and every email i've gotten from a Yahoo account in the last 5+ years has been a phishing / otherwise suspicious spam link / virus whatever.  AOL sucks less and that's really saying something.
0	How do I join?
0	You can smuggle them easily through the postal system. It's a numbers game with high success rates.
1	"But she has a ""D"" next to her name, not an ""R"", so she can't be against our civil rights!"
0	Whatever makes you reel better pal
0	Just a spoonful of sugar... ?
1	Well we all want a candidate that's tough on crime am I right guys?
0	It doesn't count against your bandwidth limit.
0	"If Bernie doesn't win the primary, I'm planning on writing him in. I don't care that my vote ""wouldn't make a difference"", I want to exercise the right to vote however I see fit."
1	I'm so glad that people with no expertise in security and encryption are elected/appointed into positions where they make decisions about the policy of these things. It's not like organizations like OPM ever get hacked.
0	What do you expect from someone that was on the board for Walmart.
1	Email your congressman! Vote harder!
0	We don't.  They lie for a living.  I don't see why they would start being truthful now.  They likely do not understand that concept.
1	Wait.  You are telling me we shouldn't believe the Govt at their word?  Blasphemy you conspiracy nut .
0	I just had a flashback to 9th grade in 2001 after 9/11. Same stuff. We should nuke 'em. We didn't do anything to them. Blah blah blah. You just can't argue with those people.
0	Pitchfork time? (looks around for pitchfork)
1	Well! I'm sure that those who broke those laws will be swiftly brought to justice. Our laws are not a joke, after all. No really: our justice system is *not* a fucking joke, not at all.
0	I have a Yahoo mail account. I give it to people I know will spam me. I have not checked it in years.
1	"How strange, how did they come to this conclusion without data of all the people it killed first, so they know if it's ""worth the cost"" to fix it or to pay out in individual lawsuits?"
1	Tesla, duh. Trust me. I've never owned one but I really like them. They're one of the fastest performance cars ever. I mean they actually issued a recall has any other manufacturer done that?
0	The difference here is that T-Mobile isn't using this as a shady loophole to grab more money. From what I can tell, they're making their service better in order to attract more customers and retain their current customers.
0	I've always wondered how companies find out something will fail on an already-produced car when there haven't been any problems. Do they discover the fault on a subsequent car that's in R&amp;D using the same part?
1	Better yet, why not ban terrorism itself? This way, there won't be any terror attacks in any county.
1	This is Murika!! Unless there is a regulation permitting it it's against the LAW!!
1	But... but it's free stuff! Who doesn't love free stuff? I mean, it's not like it would ever stop a small app from being in compliance and having free content streamed... right?
0	It's still offered.
1	I think Sanders hit the nail on the head when he said the Paris attacks were caused by global warming.
1	Free market works? You don't say such atrocities here on Reddit
0	I am not OP, but, I'd like to weigh in with the fact that we have open standard bodies in place already, and industry has a tremendous amount of influence on these standards. If every company sets their own standards as T-Mobile is doing with binge, things could get very confusing very fast. We have open standards for a reason and T-Mobile should not be skipping right by them.
0	Hillary, keep in mind that if EVERYONE doesn't have privacy then none of us has privacy.
0	Then show the money.
0	It's always open in the background.
1	It's as if Snowden was pulling the trigger himself. And Bush is not at all responsible for ISIS coming in to being after he ditched Saddam for all those WMD's that we still haven't found.
0	Kind of have some of us over a barrel. I need internet for my job and I  have no other option in this particular area. Comcast is the only provider.
0	The problem is they do understand but they want to outlaw it anyway.
0	Not if the government can keep the laws in place that prevent competition.
1	As someone that works from home, sure I could live without internet. I mean I'd just have to find another career. I hear there's a shortage of workers in the market so that should be easily done.
0	Isn't that *the definition* of breaking net neutrality. If the FCC doesnt stop this then Comcast is more powerful than our government.
0	Licensing is tough. That's entirely why iPod won BTW, Jobs strongarmed the Big 5 labels to support iTunes.
1	It's okay though, they've allowed me to pay an extra $35 a month for unlimited data
1	People are so ingrates. Comcast blesses us with introducing caps to make it fair for everybody and they still complain.
0	I am writing this message while sitting on a toilet seat.  There,  truer words have now been written, and spoken
0	"Time and again we hear that someone had been ""on a list"" for some time before an event only to find that no investigation was done because the focus was on metadata trolling and not conventional investigation methods."
1	Yup, this is why we should support microphones placed inside every building including homes and office buildings.  Require at least 3 microphones in every 10 square foot room.  Privacy be damned.
0	"If you're having a swarm, add ""eating insects"" to the list of requirements."
1	I know right, this is exactly why the 4th amendment exists
0	Same problem, the falling apples would just collide with the apples stuck on the net.
0	I keep hearing the news saying these were sophisticated attacks. they werent. it was a group of idiots with guns and bombs. This proves they were idiots. It also proves surveillance doesnt work to prevent the attacks
0	haha that's funny coming from you
0	We don't use their cameras so I don't know. We also don't use their motion detector all the time, but when we do, it's usually because it's in an area that's not temperature controlled. They're dual tec so they use heat and microwave detection, so that quick changes in temperature doesn't set it off
1	NO! it must solve both X and Y or it's totally useless! also it has to solve Z and give you a handjob or what's the point
0	Also Mike Hunt?
0	unrelated but still: don't name your kids for ancient deities. It comes off seriously pretentious.
1	Sounds ideal! I hate having to stop and push the motorcycle off my windshield.
0	Nothing is 100% bulletproof
0	And a bonus check
1	ya because flagship android phones have SD slots and removable batteries etc
1	whoa whoa whoa he said punish not grab the guillotine
0	Wow, smart guy.
1	At least until you get deadlocked so nothing even remotely controversial passes. Can't imagine how that could possibly happen, though
0	Your a good little tax paying goyim.
1	Sure, why aren't they bombing Belgium.
1	Yeah, they'll definitely do that.  I mean, it's the government.  They're trustworthy
1	I refuse to log onto my banking account until SSL is turned off!
0	In my days of Windows XP, it never had an ethernet driver for me. Even just for a bog-standard Realtek NIC, I had to have the driver pre-downloaded on a USB stick just to get the damn machine on the internet.
1	This couldn't possibly have any unintended consequences...
0	Hmm, seen this somewhere. After 9/11, patriot act. I guess government like to mimic each other.
0	The NSA admitted that bulk data collection didn't help with terrorism. But they kept it anyway. Now who do you think the target is?
1	Glad we traded away our privacy so the government can NOT read what the terrorists are communicating with eachother.
1	Jeb, you are one smart motherfucker.
1	"But... but... ""Script Kiddies"" are the words that have been said in OTHER threads and gotten upvotes!"
0	Isn't all this meaningless without Open Hardware?
0	Targeted ads? Maybe?
1	But science cuts into profits, and we can't have that. Think about the poor shareholders and investors.
0	Bring it, bitches.
0	So will a light Linux Distro, to much more benefit.
0	I had the windows update service set to manual and one of the patch Tuesday updates changed the windows update service to automatic
1	Arm chair conspiracy theorist here. It obvious this is a ploy by cops to delay the use of body cameras.
0	Anyone know what is planned for their customers? Transition to Pandora? What happens to playlists, favourites, downloads etc?
0	Now everyone uses their phone. Every music player I've used on my phone has ignored articles as well.
1	Because you know, hacking illegal sites that offer kiddie porn and cocaine should totally be viewed as wrong.
0	Sorry, should have been specific. Veracrypt was what I was referring to.
0	They killed Beats Music, the service that predated iTunes Music. Beats Radio is still alive and well.
1	Nah, we'll just make that illegal too so the terrorist can't do that
0	After the recent Windows 10 upgrade, I had to uninstall Zune from my computer. Twice. I was pretty shocked.
0	MS bought the Lumia lines off Nokia, Nokia is a separate company to Microsoft again now.
1	More terrorist attacks would be thwarted if only the government could violate the Constitution.
0	The in device software was beautiful, but the desktop app was way too try hard.
1	You know, some of these things are planned inside random houses at the kitchen table.  Maybe we should stop allowing people to have privacy in their own homes while we're at it.
0	yeah, thats when i had to get a new one /: got the exact same thing, also made it impossible to click and drag. was actually pretty freaking awesome in CS since you could 2 shot burst so freaking well.
1	Already?  Geez they should have given it more time.
1	I never thought of it till now but, by god, you're right!  It's Snowden's fault they had AKs and bombs too!
0	"Its ""Groove"" music now.  The ""Zune"" brand has vanish, but the spirit lives on"
0	My wife bought me one of the 120gb zunes before the zune hd rolled out, and I loved it. It was durable, had a good dac for the time, and zune would convert almost whatever format to work on it. those were the good days.
0	Like I'm all for free speech and an open internet and all that, but don't be dumb. 99+% of BitTorrent traffic = piracy. To pretend otherwise requires some pretty flagrant ignorance. That said, it CAN be used for other things and SHOULD be left alone in the name of  a free market and open internet, but don't make bullshit statements like this that are mind-numbingly misleading. You know what BitTorrent is used for.
0	I mean... the FCC tries to crack down on stock equipment acting badly too. And you don't have to verify that a stock router is behaving itself because the FCC works with the manufacturer to do that verification.
0	No, but feel free to find evidence of Google lying if you think that's the case.  It's generally not front-page news when someone is telling the truth about other front-page news.
0	I don't know what a Homelab is, I can't run plex because I have a MIPS cpu but many routers have x86 cpus, I have it running a NAS and as I said a torrent box though
0	Fuck that noise. Upstate NY checking in. Had a rental car where traction control could not be turned off. It'd take for fucking ever to get going and you'd constantly feel jerks while driving because it kept cutting off power to the wheels. I would hate to slide slightly off the road with that shit on. You'd never get out. Its so much easier to just have full throttle control. Somtimes I want/need the wheels to slip a bit, ya dig?
0	If the cars are safer, you will pay less for insurance for having a self-driving car.
0	Yeah, my point was that the person shouldn't have jumped out in front of the car. Computers have limitations, and physics provides limitations too.
0	I couldn't get Virtual Box to start at all. I don't know if it was the lack of adapter making it wonky or some unrelated glitch, but it just refused to show up and I was in a hurry, so I opted to simply reinstall it.
0	Well maybe if someone moved those chairs out of the road...
0	Sounds like they're... chicken.
0	Home routers probably don't intercept DNS - DHCP points to them as the DNS server, and they relay requests to your ISP by default (unless you manually point to something like opendns)
1	Convenient timing. /conspiracy
1	They don't need to filter the internet since the common man doesn't have access to it in the first place.
0	Wipe everything and re-install Windows 7. There is no downgrading.
1	"""Is there room enough..."" , such a stupid way to start the article. No, there is no room. Tesla would like to serve the worldwide car market alone...m"
0	The success of the roadster surely had no impact on Nissan.  It didn't prove anything except electric cars can be desirable.  The model s showed they can be market competitive.
0	"""I was on food stamps and no one helped me!"" -Craig Nelson"
1	Because hurr durr electric motors and electronics never ever give trouble.
0	And...  do you believe that should be illegal?
0	Are you inferring about a custom ROM?
0	Christians, a couple hundred years ago. Maybe in a couple hundred years Muslims won't do it either, or maybe Christians will do it again. That's just how it is when you believe in the irrational.
1	Gee, your flawless rhetoric changed my opinion entirely.
0	No. Its largely because they are fucking stupid and vote against increasing the supply of housing units.
1	Ah yes, totally easy to use for your 80 year old grandmother!
0	Fuck no. Have you ever even skimmed the terms of service for some of these?
1	We should really design a system that is able to expand almost indefinitely and almost seamlessly route arround failures. One which was designed to be robust enough even in apocalyptic scenarios like nuclear war.
1	At this point, very little is known about the Paris attacks, except that Snowden is responsible.
0	But they have not yet reinstated the post.
1	Snowden created ISIS.
1	At least they'll bust more marijuana smokers.
1	"I'm just sifting through this thread to downvote all the people outraged that these issues are being discussed ""before the bodies are cold"" or garbage like that. Good for you, you don't want discussion to take place, you're so noble."
0	well, I was an anti war expert in 2002 and knew better than the president and his entire staff, so I'm not even reading this as sarcasm.
1	Shut up you fascist
1	Firing the intelligence officers? Yeah... great idea!
0	You are an awfully dramatic person.
1	Damn. You caught me. Paid spokesman for Comcast.
0	Summary: dude selling consulting services and who produces a fork of CyanogenMod bashes BlackBerry, plugs his Android distribution.
0	Why not use signal or text secure or whatever it's called now?
0	"why not start a global campaign of disinfo.  Ensure that at any one time the NSA, CIA, FBI are inundated with 10 million possible threats, all anonymous, hard to trace, convincing, etc.  Simply overwhelm the 'system'.  ""Sir, uh, uh, we have chatter and indication of 37 million attacks on the homeland taking place uh, uh, in the next few days and uh uh, 2 million attacks per day on our soil after that for the next 10yrs, uh.. what do we do!?"" ""ah... fuck it, let's go get lunch"""
1	what am i gonna do? go to a library? read books? steal my neighbors internet? stare at my blank tv screen?
0	This is what happens when lawmakers listen to lobbyists and prop up oligopolies. This is what happens when potential competitors like Google are blocked from entering some markets. This will continue to get worse until ISPs have some sort of competition.
0	I have a bias against politically based comedies (or dramas). I don't know where it comes from. I have missed so much great television because I don't really care about and story in that setting.  One of these days I'll break down and watch all of them. I admit to not watching The West Wing.  I've tried. I have honestly tried with each show that comes along.
1	Maybe if they paid minimum wage they could lower their prices! Damn socialists.
0	they should activate when you draw your gun or taser
0	"Zombie teen: ""Nah, dude. Don't eat him. He's totally a bro."""
1	Or make the gun call a web app that streams footage to a post on Reddit. If the post's karma is below 0, the gun will only fire rubber bullets.
0	It is not good for social order when laws are made that cannot be enforced and most citizens will not obey.
0	One of the greatest goddamn shows around right now.
1	So envious of the 6 families still staying in Detroit.
0	I'm about to order a new Vizio TV.... The quality vs price is really good, I thought I'd get around this issue by disabling it but after reading this I'm a bit annoyed.
1	"They can ""find"" the evidence through legal pathways though"
0	Officer's report indicated he told them to step out of the vehicle several times.
0	On all 2.3 million people?
1	Well good thing this is only confined to LA and not all other major cities in the country
1	may not be legal....well, if you arent buying coke in LA, you have nothing to hide
0	Actually... cue all the assholes making fun of a great city.
0	This is also true, although I think it would probably done at a lower level than the linux firmware/driver, and may be completely in the domain of the CPU manufacturer, rather than the device manufacturer.
0	For example the youtuber that uploads videos and can make a living out of it thanks to ads
0	I've noticed it more in On Demand rentals than anything else atm.  Generally only one or two ads during breaks.
1	We did it!
0	From reading the lawsuit, it seems that they were showing some version of In-N-Out logo on their site to promote the fact that you can order burgers from there.  The suit isn't about DD's logo.
1	But what if stalking my friends makes me happy?
0	Because you have no friends.
0	So what does it mean to be 49% diverse?
0	My Galaxy S6 did. Can't be removed.
0	Could it be because it's his company, it will make him money and he's more than a bit of a publicity whore?
1	I can only afford to wear my white bedsheets. Can we just make that the standard uniform?
0	If managers are naturally inclined to hire based on merit only, how did we end up with a majority white male workforce in skilled positions?
1	Don't worry that it's bad publicity. It's just making our white boys club more exclusive, affirmative action exists because the best people for the job are never not white men.
0	Would someone really do that...go on the internet and LIE!?!?!?!!?
0	No, I responded to someone else's comment. My post was within the context of that exchange. You ignored this and went off on a crazy ass tangent. Why?
0	I don't believe you have actually watched it.
1	Well - you clearly know more about the American people and our opinions than we do - so I'll just leave you to your omniscience and bid you good day.
0	One sub is a meme, the other is people who do things besides Facebook and Spotify on their Apple products
1	This is just as disgraceful as when the cell carriers blocked free speech by only offering unlimited night and weekend minutes.
0	A base = control over the flow of information in the entire country. How did you make that leap?
1	Don't worry, they're going to post that facebook privacy message in so no-one will be allowed to look at the data.
0	I think of it as more of a Facebook-ification of Windows. Microsoft sees how well accumulating everyone's details is working out for Facebook so they copied and improved upon it with Windows 10.
0	Posted a few days ago but tl;dr: Being nominated doesn't mean much, hundreds get nominated every year, it only appears here time and time again because bitcoin.
0	Obviously it's not a perfect analogy. I was just aiming to point out that it's a move to weaken security that'll be worse on everyone and hurt the bad guys minimally.
1	But..... This is like, TOTALLY different.
1	Come on, don't you remember what happened after the introduction of the car? Those buggy whip makers never worked another day in their life.
0	It's the exact same argument.
0	I see the echo chamber is still functioning.
0	Wilful and blatant are not the same things. Stop.
0	TIL I'm a bad people.
0	The thing is they can't though, if they some how managed to ban encryption, that's the UK economy fucked.
0	Probably doesn't encrypt them at all.
1	And yet they still exist in countries that have deemed them illegal. If only legislation could save me from the things I'm scared of.
0	Who has web enabled cameras in their bathroom?
0	To be fair, this is just for the streams Netflix uses, some broadcasters use a much higher bitrate stream (often for sports) which can be closer to a GB per minute after transcoding down. When shot, Apple ProRes UHD is around 5gb per minute.
1	Everyone take notice, we have a smart guy here. Let's all praise his intelligence.
1	I can't even remember when did I last see a post about Comcast.
0	Don't forget about things people download, such as games. Most people are downloading their games now instead of buying the box. One PS4 game can be as much as 60GB by itself. That's a huge chunk of your 300 for the month right there. Caps are fucking stupid.
1	Because all students take a linear path to completion, of course.
0	So it's like a triple bonus for them. You pay Comcast to be able to watch Hulu, for which you also pay. Hulu drains your monthly data amount, so you have to pay Comcast more money.
1	More guns for everyone!!! So people can take justice in their own hands...
0	Capitalism just means it's all privately owned. Every part of your comment refers to capitalism. Sure, like anything else there are varying degrees, but it's all capitalism.
0	Do you use addons? How many tabs do you have open?
0	My only other option for internet is Centurylink and they also have data caps. As of December 1st, my Comcast connection will be capped. I'm going to call and complain but nothing comes of it, I'll make the switch. If I'm going to be capped either way, I'll save myself some money.
0	Remember to mix oil in with your gasoline so water cant put the fire out.
0	Yeah, the transformer running to your house.
0	I don't mind the battery, normally there's a reset button that can be used for rebooting it. Anyway, Comcast is the only one that sells the modem, we need for his phone services. So, we have some issues with that. We tried to buy him a new modem, that was highly recomended but we got shafted because non that are rated well have Voice Over IP.
0	Please set up an SSL certificate if you get the chance, thanks!
0	this is what happens when you try to regulate capitalism with government, namely net neutrality.  I bet you're fine with NetFlix fitting the bill now, aren't you?
0	AOL did it for many many years.  It was completely legal then, but people dropped it as DSL and Cable Modem became more prevalent.
1	What? No, Comcast doesn't get to write legislation. The people of this country elect representatives for the people to write legislation that protects them against exactly these types of things. Find me one congressman who would rather be in bed with a corporation then live off a cushy job with that corporation once his political career is over on top of the already generous pension - than vote in favor of the people who elected him.
0	I frequently hit 30+ and never get slowed down.
0	I hope it's something that simple. :)
0	So when Google fiber comes to you neighborhood will you be one of the 70% that volunteers to not have it?
1	Darn, that sucks. Think about all the money wasted on these things, where it could have been spent more wisely on Israel.
1	Probably something about Muslims
1	Why the fuck do you all care so much about Twitch Plays Pokemon?
0	Yep, and my point is that people will continue to believe shit like this, unless they *themselves* understand why it's bullshit.
0	I'm Team Blue give me upvotes leReddit!
0	Well shit, 1 like = 125 us dollars
0	Oh they do, the blood is just green and paper.
0	why does reddit have to bring this bullshit fucking cause into completely unrelated shit?
1	Americans are always confused as to where they are in the percentage distribution of earnings. Surely this will help the middle class
0	That would make it acceptable.  However, the title of the article and the text on the site indicates it is only intended to be set up as a biometric authentication solution.  Neither indicate a possibility for configuring for two-factor authentication.
0	You still using the old app the off switch :)
0	You posted this 6 times in these comment threads without any evidence. This sounds like some bullshit propaganda. Regardless, this is a horrible president to set. If a machine says a value it should pay out that value. Its the casino's responsibility to make sure its machines are functioning and working. Any other ruling in this case would set a precedent that allows casinos to commit fraud whenever they want.
0	Neither is having the top voted comment not contain any information on how we DO stop it. So thanks for that guy.
1	People actually read the articles in OPs?
0	yeah.  It's really hard to steal a bedroom.
1	Clinton HIDING SOMETHING!!    I am shocked!  Hillary and Bill have always been so transparent except for that one case where...
0	Both actually. And they also gather exploits they find that others have been using.
1	Isn't that just a special subreddit?
0	You can buy many Google products in Europe. I'd be surprised if you can't buy Apple products in Europe. There are just all kinds of restrictions that either you have to agree to or that Google has to find ways of providing the service legally. That's all I was saying.
1	I'm shocked.
1	Well thank god database selections aren't made by corporate stooges that think everyone needs Oracle SQL where this would actually be a problem
0	I really feel sorry for Comcast customers.
0	What would happen to Android, in this instance, since it is one of the most popular versions, based on Linux and Java?
0	To give an example of actual tsu content. My home feed there right now is a picture of a house, a tribute to a singer from Naples who passed away, a picture of a car, a Gucci ad, and a self congratulations for having reached 5000 friends.
0	Dee, turn that piece of paper upside down
1	Obviously 80 minutes, but what does that have to do with this?
0	Trudeau?
0	Seriously, am I just way out of the loop on this one? All my posts are friends only and then only for sharing pictures.
0	"I believe they call it a ""honeytrap"""
1	A tear came to my eye while reading this. Oh what could've been.
0	Those people you know, are not the ones I'm talking about. I'm talking about the top 1-2 levels of such a scheme, which make the vast majority of the money. That's only a substantial amount of money for them... not to those at the top.
1	But isn't it free to run a website? Once you put it live, you just leave it and it doesn't cost you anything.
1	But what about the guy with the 3 lambo's?  Did you see the lambos?
0	That number's practically on the internet equivalent of geological time. Damn dinosaurs trying to come in and take *my* internet.
1	But i like Facebook...
0	because your value is derived from them
0	at least they are not trying to keep telling me the unlimited lie any more, but if you are going to start ludicrous bandwidth caps I demand that the equiptment they use is tested and certified, on comcast's dime, by the weights and measures folks just like everyone else that uses scales or metering devices for commerce.
1	YEA! Let's occupy Wall Street again!!
0	West Virginia
0	I'll never, EVER use an ISP where there are caps.  I don't care if I'm not at risk of going over or not.  It's the principle.
1	If you don't like Comcast, just switch to one of the many available alternatives.
0	You can get adblock on your phone.
0	This might come as a shock to you but internet billing at the ISP level wasn't done the same was a phone calls
1	That seems fair.
0	Thankfully Huntsville had WoW in competition with comcast. In DC now and thank fuck i have Verizon Fios.
0	A shit ton more than 300 GB.
0	Honestly? I trust them a hell of a lot more than I trust Google. I have an Android phone, but I'm under no illusions who the king of data collection hell is.
0	Plus the ones that give feedback don't tend to be casual users (just checking FB/Email etc).
0	The news should not vilify third party app stores. Instead they should vilify the ones which allow this kind of thing to happen.
1	It's a company leveraging their monopoly to raise prices to unreasonable levels just because they can, but it's not *price gouging*, oh no. *Price gouging* can't happen anymore because there's laws against it.
0	Capitalism is the mechanism that brought about cronyism.
0	I am saying it should be. It makes the product better and you are free to not use it.
1	That's impossible, there's no way they have enough money to do that.
0	Found the Microsoft shill. There's a difference between gratis and freedom (as in speech). Windows may be gratis, but it will never respect your freedom because Microsoft is ultimately in control of your computer if you use windows.
1	Ok that's a nice opinion, when are we forcing Apple and Google to do the same with IoS and Android?
0	Thanks, glad you recognized.
1	Monopolies are not inherently bad, if a company gains their monopoly via quality products and superior pricing there isn't any real issue.  Every every single monopoly or oligopoly in the last 100 years has been a result of government favoritism and cronyism, including the worst ones (ie Cable companies).  Please tell me more about how government regulation prevents monopolies and oligopolies
1	you don't get it, do you? You are the product!!! Google is bad
0	What could possibly go wrong with releasing hundreds of millions of years of sequestered carbon?
0	Meanwhile Canada does the opposite. The U.S. is in a tug of war with the intelligence community vs the public, and other countries are watching to see who to copy.
1	No I think you're mistaking it with capitalism, they need to money to build infrastructure
0	"So basically, all the idiots pretending America can be ""fixed"" if we ""just get out and vote"" are as deluded as all the other idiots that preached this for the past 100 years not knowing anything about humans, power, and how a ""democratic"" system run by humans actually works."
1	Well, if it weren't for all these illegal immigrants stealing all of our jobs, maybe the invisible hand could, uh, trickle down economics.
0	It wasn't news, it was shit the news tried to make into something. None of this is news. If anything this is a natural reaction to the iPhone bend story where the voices of reason are now louder than than the shitty ones doing these bends. Everyone bought the iPhone and saw that the bends didn't really happen, so now no one cares when a youtuber claims another phone bends. It's not tech tribalism (this time), it's that we've learned from the last round.
1	Countdown to my bubblewrap switchover just got shorter.
1	What's the problem?  Can't she just pay more for more data?  I feel like comcast is right to expand the data caps in order to ensure market fairness.
0	Two units of your local currency these assholes have no problem with fully autonomous killer robots.
0	Too bad then. Good luck.
1	Well you shouldn't be worried if haven't gotten anything to hide. Only criminals have something to hide.
0	It probably isn't legal, we'll have to see what the FCC says
0	I want to pay Google so bad for internet. :( I hope the speed up deployment.
0	Considering I work in Network Operations, I hope so :P
0	I would start using them if they didn't limit the total number.
1	Corporations have a right to anonymity.
0	You dont need a nexus or note to use google cardboard.
0	It would be great if politicians could just stop fucking around with the internet.
0	It's like an all you can eat buffet and they ate all they could eat. If you weren't expecting this sort of thing to happen, maybe don't advertise such a vast quantity.
1	Don't despair. This will be the year of the Linux desktop. Just like every year since... ever.
0	I don't see how someone uploading 75TB made Microsoft strip their free tier by 10GB and drop all their bonus storage offers. That's the real issue here.
0	It's so sad when we're at a point that being upfront about throatfucking us is a redeeming quality.
0	This is like somebody going into an all you can eat buffet and eating all the food. You should ban one person not everyone else
0	Very, very few. The vast majority of people don't even have 1 TB of storage on their personal machines.
0	yup, that is very important.. they say 300gig... they mean up AND down total.
1	MS just wants to make sure that we don't go over our 300 GB Comcast data cap.
0	I already have unlimited data... so instead of $80 a month, I have to pay $115 just for internet when the cap hits Oregon?
1	Microsoft is a new company and have young, naive leaders trying to make the company viable.  They probably had no idea a few users would use so much of the unlimited free storage which would cause them to cut back the storage amounts.  I mean, now to get a decent storage amount you have to pay something.  And it's so inconvenient to remove all those files from storage.  Of course, you may lose them if you try to store on a usb or cd or otherwise (very frightening).  Sure this was a marketing campaign originally to get people to switch to OneDrive.  I am positive that MS didn't have this up their sleeve originally, especially since they really don't know that much about marketing products.
0	Convention booths.  The hotels charge insane prices from 500 - 100 per day, per booth and do not allow 3rd party internet services in the booths.
1	Google and apple do the same thing but we can't blame them because we buy their phones (phones with their OS in the case of google)
0	What a bullshit title. Why offer it if you can't use it? Title should be unethical company offers 75TB storage then renegs when people actually use it.
1	Oooh, gee, $25K fine! How will Hilton ever survive??
0	If the function causes the disruption of service and that service isn't operated by you, it's jamming, and it's illegal.
0	Pretty much., yeah.
1	25,000?! You sure taught them a lesson!
0	How about testing bluetooth? It would be pretty obvious if they are doing any jamming.
1	All they want to collect is all data concerning usernames and passwords so that they can pass it on to the NSA thats all :P
0	Amazon should come up with a high-speed book printer - this way, it only has to stock paper.
0	Setup a raspberry pi as a network bridge and run packet sniffing software on it to see what is actually going on.
0	B-, not relevant and not about cats :(
0	ITT: people overreacting for the sake of Linux recommendations. if you want or expect absolute privacy when using a device on the internet I have some very bad news for you
0	Ahhh yes, there it is expletives and no point. Welcome to fanboi example #1.. this looks like the won't admit they are a fanboi type, but it's ok, your illogical spew speaks for you, and your past history just cements it. Get a life.
0	same experience i have with comcast and don't have to deal with shitty verizon!
1	How will they ever catch them if encryption is allowed?
0	They're my tech site of choice for indepth articles, the rest are just fluff comparatively.
1	And it will be just as solidly written as Supergirl's pilot...
1	If I was Comcast I would make the cap 3GB like mobile phones so we can live in a innovative society instead of an oppressive one.
0	Wat?  Canada, Australia...  Most of the US doesn't have these caps.
0	Good point. I do wonder though what will come first: beefy head-strapped phones or low-latency wireless communication. 2x 4k will not be trivial for both sides.
0	"I'm sure if anything, Comcast would tack on a 10 dollar ""service restoration"" fee."
0	ITT no one reads the article
0	OP went to public schooling in Texas.
1	Don't feel bad, I have Time Warner Cable!
0	I suppose it uses N.Korean dialect of Korean and uses their new timezone? All in all it doesn't look too bad. Probably only has access to approved apps and the browser only has access to N.Korean intranet right?
0	I think the most likely explanation is they pay someone minimum wage to copy/paste 3 varying responses and replace the name of the person they are replying to.
1	Shhh!  People on Reddit never overestimate their own grasp on a subject matter.
0	Right. They charge for a product they produce from raw materials. The transport cost of 1 kilowatt is not much more significant than any other. Your costs are coming from the increased amount of oil/coal/gas/uranium it takes to provide your usage. Comcast is not in most cases creating the data you are consuming. And don't forget, power companies are very regulated in what they can charge, both for production of electricity and in transport. Anyways, it is clear that this argument is pointless, because you appear to be determined to miss the point.
0	for a moment I was trying to figure out why Pakistan International Airlines was running VPN traffic through a VPN.
0	So I can either have good internet or live without the worry of perpetual mayonnaise ass.  It's a tough choice.
0	Cancel your service.
0	Glad I'm with AT&amp;T
0	They wouldn't, due to our telecommunications investment laws. These are the same laws that are driving out the owners of Wind.
1	Yeah. Blatant violation of Net Neutrality that helps set a precedence which Verizon and AT&amp;T can abuse the hell out of is so wonderful.
0	I'm sure it wasn't people hired by comcast who downvoted you.
0	The government doesn't need to sue, they can just fine them for violations. The only real spammers are in foreign countries and they just flat out ignore the law. Trying to sidestep it on American soil is just going to get you fined. OP either never worked in email marketing in America, is trolling, or is a complete idiot.
0	I've already got Charter injecting ads into my browsing experience and I pay $65/mo (60/3) for the privilege.  I'd double that for Google fiber without hesitation.
1	Vote Trump, or else scary Mexicans will use H-1B visa to come to US and steal your children.
0	There are a ton of empty offices in Texas for exactly this reason.
0	AOL used to charge 25 cents a minute for internet access. You can look it up. Some people were paying up to $600 a month for their crappy service. This is Comcast's goal, make no mistake about it. Contact the FCC before it's too late.
1	GMail does not want you to be able to mark dell as spam and have their filters learn.
1	When I sue a company I make sure they have no money before doing it that way I'll be sure to make my money back
0	I'm pretty sure I'd have a hard time signing up my personal home Raspberry Pi for zero rating.
1	So free market right?
1	Good thing the government is building a nationwide broadband network. Right?
0	Exactly. It was no mistake when the cable companies got into there internet business and bought everything. Almost like if GM decided to start buying up all electric utility companies so they can jack the prices when everyone moves to Tesla cars.
0	It's especially fascinating because the AI has no way to detect the flying pterodactyls except by hitting them.  So it figured out that crouching was the best strategy to avoid them.  If the AI could see the pterodactyls, it would probably only crouch when it was going under them.
0	I am a software engineer, and I can tell you, from experience plus a touch of reverse engineering, they are not spying on you in any way that you may think they are. I have an education. Perhaps it is time you got one too.
0	Eclair, gingerbread...were developers hungry when they come up with this stuff?
0	That's different though. Most users won't need to do a full restore of the phone (connected to iTunes). If you erase the phone in order to restore an old backup or sell it etc, it won't update automatically.
1	No, no, no you don't get it.  This is obviously a conspiracy by Micro$oft to undermine our lord and savior Google.
0	Jailbreak and choose the best OS version... iOS products are frustrating when locked down.
1	DAMMIT APPLE!! QUIT MAKING SOFTWARE BETTER SO I CAN CONTINUE USING THE MOST UP TO DATE SOFTWARE ON MY SHITTY HARDWARE!!!!
1	"The government ""isn't"" ""breaking"" the ""law""."
0	There's some stupidity in that article.  It said that Windows 10 is like IOS 9, in that it slows performance on older hardware.  That is a blatant lie.  Take any Windows 7 computer, and install Windows 10 on it, it will be much faster after the upgrade.  It also works on systems with smaller amounts of RAM and can accommodate just about processor with some minimum requirements.
1	I don't want to buy a new phone. I want my four year old phone to run like a brand new one.
1	Well Apple breaks the law to protect its users' privacy. I ^belive ^^everything ^^^I ^^^read.
0	I want to believe.
1	Wait...what, they're punishing those that haven't cut the cord? Super idea guys.
0	They pulled this on me when I tried to move. I was getting AT&amp;T at my new residence so I eventually just gave them my modem when they started billing me for it. I distinctly remember purchasing it at Circuit City and have a witness that was with me when I bought it, but I'd long since lost the receipt. They didn't need to prove they owned it, only I needed to prove I did.
0	The Disney channel was actually a premium channel until 1990, so even that's not a good example. I think people who remember cable being sold as commercial free are mostly remembering the *really* early days when cable was pretty much nothing but what we'd call premium channels today. Back then there were actually cable boxes with a dedicated button for every channel, because there were few enough channels that that made sense.
0	Would have been a cord-never until I moved and Cox was like 5 or 10 dollars more expensive if I only got internet.
0	Why would Google give them a $7 million grant?
1	It's in the name, it must be true. Just look how patriotic the Patriot Bill was, or how No Child Left Behind saved so many children.
0	Doing forget, some Americans are fucking dumb. They will legitimately think the extra money is to improve their service and pay it thinking it has worked.
0	Sold to highest bidder
0	Their solution is probably the hope that you will get both.
0	That's what I was thinking. If they are so deaf to their own customers, they deserve what they get.
1	"""Pass on the cost to the rest of the customers"" ? Who would've thought."
0	"To be fair, if I'm looking at several comparable apartments with the same rent, and only one of them includes cable, I'd look at that as ""free"", too."
0	Could be.
0	They need to start going after the people in charge of the decisions instead of the whole company. While 5mil is nothing to Apple, it is far more to an individual person in the company who authorized such an upgrade.
0	I'm an Android fanboy (Starting from the 1st Droid to my current Nexus 6), but that's a false equivalency seeing as CyanogenMod is not a Google product. That'd be like pushing Cydia as a reason to buy an iPhone (Is cydia even still a thing?)
1	Nothing worrying about downloading random ROM's and then installing them on the ultimate surveillance device and using it for most communication.
0	That doesn't make any sense. It's like saying I'm not using WiFi because I'm using 5 ghz instead of 2.4 ghz.
1	#DeathRowInmatesNeedFiberToo
0	"You should have seen the rage and hate when stories first broke that Israel may have spied on America though. ""nothing to see here"" when this story comes out shows that hypocrisy."
1	Yeah, my government orchestrated water is killing me.
0	75?  Jesus.  How come other countries can do it for well less than half of that?
0	Since when has Microsoft had a monopoly over the desktop operating system market? This isn't the 90s anymore there are defiantly. There Mac OS, Linux hell in pretty sure there's a desktop running Chrome OS on the market right now. In no way does Microsoft hold a monopoly over the operating system market.
1	If only we had known that just making it illegal to waste more energy would have fixed the problem we could have saved ourselves all this climate change in the first place.
0	My point is, there is (and will be a bigger) war between ad blockers and ad blocker detectors. I propose that ad blockers start allowing ads but check the MIME type of requests to ad servers. If it's a flash video, replace the stream with a blank stream. If it's a image type, replace it with a transparent PNG. If they are using HTTPS to serve ads, put the ad block function after the SSL decryption.
0	Fuck that, complain. Complain a lot. Just because you are getting screwed more doesn't mean you both aren't being screwed. Direct your anger at the people fucking you over, not each other.
1	You and your 'moderation' and 'reasonable basis' have no place in this department!
0	It's Comcast, did you really need to ask?
0	Back up her AOL shit, block it using host files, open her a gmail/yahoo/Microsoft account, tell her AOL went bankrupt, and teach her the new email.
0	Today we have quotas on data. Back then we had quota on time. We had a 20 hour limit every month so I made a 20 hour clock out of paper and moved the hand every time I disconnected so I knew how much I used.
1	Staying out of poverty is really simple. Just have your dad and/or mom give you a few million.
1	You don't know enough? Go complete the reddit crash course by watching The Social Network and in just under 3 hours you'll become an expert on history of Facebook and Zuckerberg's personality
0	If they want to choose they can pay for it. If they use something for free, then yes it's limited.
1	Basic free TV channels are violating TV neutrality
0	A service monopoly is nothing like electricity that only works with brand-loyal toasters.
0	Security Researchers are awesome! Except for the death threats via dice from nation states, it's like James Bond with all the danger with the addition of computer science!
0	You apparently.didn't read much either if you are one of the people calling that a NASA budget bill. It wasn't just NASA, it was the Everything budget bill. It was going to pass no matter what.
0	Same here, it fits better.  Might also be Jordan or prewar Syria as they are also infamous for their secret police.
1	But I saw it on good morning America!
0	Notice how you had to add Jesus for agenda even though it's never been said.
0	It invites tyranny and completely eliminates the presumption of innocence.
1	whatever you do, don't suggest that people vote their existing representatives out of office...that'd just be crazy talk.
0	TIL that government spying is racist, and most likely sexist as well. Like everything.
0	It says azure is the cloud offering best placed to take on AWS for enterprise cloud computing. MS is helped by having a huge foot in the door of almost all enterprise IT, but azure is perceived as less open than AWS.
0	Technology is not a zero sum game, it creates value. Look at the world economy before and after the industrial revolution. Quite different.
1	Won't someone think of the guns!
0	Just out of curiosity: why is this different for software engineers and other Comp. Sci. jobs? If the primary reason for this is firms outsourcing their work overseas, then couldn't the same be done to to software engineers? Is it something about electrical engineering that makes it easier/more beneficial to outsource, or maybe something foreign countries have more adept people at?
0	I see. I don't really understand this whole mentoring thing though tbh.
0	How the fuck don't they now? Man, I don't feel safe paying them so little. I know when I'm at a low paying job, I care less about the quality
0	I know big unions have corruption just like everything else, but I really think it's time they made a comeback in the US workforce. Many people are getting straight fucked over by large corporations who dictate the terms and as individuals, many people just accept them.
1	Everyone I know has a job, therefore there are plenty of jobs!
1	Not even with jet fuel?
0	Because obviously you have people there to fit the job. The visa is a stop gap because there aren't enough people to fill a particular niche. It's not about goodwill to other people it's a break on the company because the government is conceding they don't produce enough of a certain profession domestically.
0	Had an internship myself. It's only worth it if it's relative in experience. Experience is king in the industry. 2 years experience in something is with its weight on gold.
0	Whatever I'm paying you, double it... No, triple it.
1	Yeah, but it keeps wages high!
0	Android provides users with euphoric feelings of customization, obviously.
1	Well now that Switzerland has ruled, Apple will fall in line.
0	Oh god, this will freeze in place charger technology. Don't do this.
0	I unlinked mine ages ago (and deleted my channel). I don't think I'm allowed to create playlists unless I create a channel.
1	Why stop at chargers? They should mandate that we all have the same phones, tablets, computers, and other technology. Why should we allow companies to make a different charger, and ever invent a better charger? Governments are much better at picking the best technology than consumers can ever be.
0	More like Android OEMs will just make cheaper, me-too devices while Apple continues to sell more phones to people willing to pay for premium flagships.
0	What? Isn't the standard micro USB currently used by most phones USB type-B?
1	I'm so happy you have an opinion that is not mine. Enjoy your rapid charge capability!
1	That also means that innovation will progress at the same speed as government. Yayyyyy!!!
0	Exactly. If there were a time for this to be an issue, that time was maybe ten years ago.
0	Instead they should charge a fine of a dollar or two for noncompliance. That would be enough for the vast majority of devices to go with the standard, but it would let innovative companies (Apple) with better plugs on high end products release new plugs and eat the fee as a cost of doing business. That's a good enough solution. It's not like lack of common plugs is a life or death crisis situation.
0	It is not used on every non-apple phone. It isn't even used in every Android phone. Several Android phones released this year featuring USB C charging.
0	Not charging for an adapter is against Apple's ethics.
0	I find that highly unlikely. You got any type of source for this claim?
0	Spaghetti code strikes again
0	Apparently. Also - his website works so badly on Android it gave me cancer.
0	Prosciutto and an oxygen tank?
0	May as well ask them what strides they would make to create safer fracking. they have no idea. they need to appoint experts in the field. There is no way a president can be knowledgeable about everything. Computers and encryption are just a couple things out of their base. She answered well enough, but haters see that as a flaw. They expected a serious and deep analysis of what the problems and complexities are. You will go no satisfactory responses from any of the candidates. They are not stupid, or being evasive. It is just not a field they know about.
0	"""Mr Trump president sir, we're having some trouble with the internet's flux capacitor and will have to extend the deadline another four years. We also voted to raise our own pay as per the example of congress. Oh and how is that wall going?"""
0	Only if enough people upvote it.
0	I almost want to believe that the upper levels of the TSA are really pro-privacy and this horribly inept behavior is all just a big show to make people demand protections.
0	Corporations are people according to Citizens United. Put upper mgmt in jail
1	We force them to do this because of the rules we've put in place.
0	The same folks that speak through Ajit Pai at the FCC?
0	Booooo.   Fuck Verizon.      Also, whoever runs their customer service should be kicked in the nuts and fired.   Publically shamed for knowingly doing a shit job.
1	You mean, people would have to actually work for NON-corrupt companies and the US government would have to actually *fix* the economy?! Say it isn't so! Clearly the answer is to just let them keep getting away with this so the piss poor teen at your local Verizon shop doesn't have to find another shit job he hates anyway.
0	Stories like that are why I set a mobile data cap on my phone. I don't want a rogue app suddenly costing me hundreds or thousands of dollars overnight.
1	But you could stay in your room all day on WiFi and just pay $15 a month!!!!
1	Wow, another false article about Windows 10 on r/technology, color me surprised .
0	Oh they're still out there. Once they find out the iPhone can send e-mails I'm sure they'll switch over on their next upgrade
0	It's legal because they are rich and you are not, so fuck you.  Buy a political party if you want to be represented.
0	Someone should start a Comcast shaming campaign on Twitter, with some kind of catchy hashtag. Just make sure to call out their official Twitter account in it, so that it always comes up next to their name.
0	NSA shill detected
0	By MitM attacks for example. Already happening in some countries.
0	"There are many backbone carriers, the term itself is rather silly as many things are ""backbones"". I manage an ISP, which is technically a ""backbone provider"", which full ASNs, which sells layer2 circuits to other customers and peers on the open internet, we employ 6 people. Much of the internet is this way."
1	If history has taught us anything, it is exactly this.
1	It's not the encryption algos per se, it's the notion of encryption, of hiding your communications so the government can't see them. Only terrorists would want to have their communications not read, right? *Right??*
0	They used to say the same about elliptic curve as well. When I took encryption in 1987 the professor told us to assume that any encryption scheme promoted by NSA was already crackable by NSA. To date, he has been proved correct.
1	Yea, because the only way to do that is through violent and bloody revolution, instead of fixing the democratic process we currently have.
0	After the Zurich convention what faen_du_sa did is considered a bathroom war crime
1	Clinton will save us, I'm sure
0	It's also easier to penetrate into your home network by way of buffer overflows, timing attacks, and other nerdy hacker shit.
1	Wow, even if it's the NSA?  I'm sure that's the case.
0	Holy crap, its a wonder any spacecraft can navigate through that. No need to worry about an alien invasion, the space junk will defend us :(
1	Couldn't happen to a nicer company!
0	And even if they make a legit mistake, they blame you for it.
0	"""Terrorists and pedophiles""."
0	About a third of the software students at the best engineering faculty in my country use Macs for their studies. Last I heard Google owned more than 43,000 Macs for staff. Actually speak to some real tech people before you sound so confident in your false claims.
1	You're right, huge difference
0	You're not wrong.
0	Can this older computer illiterate generation just hurry up and fucking die? God damn.
1	Yea, I've never heard anyone on Facebook complain about the government
1	But now no one will make a file sharing site. Don't you see, it's game over.
0	You know it was, don't act surprised.
1	That's alright, we still have Al Gore and Bernie Sanders
0	Ahem... Sanders
0	Wasn't the Senate Democratic when he appointed them? So anything he wanted they'd just pass through? He nominated them, so he chose them.
1	Never, this only sounds like something an evil republican would do, democrats only work for the people and would never lie!!!!
1	You know, the traitor?
0	A tachometer measuring what, the turbopump?
1	Are you suggesting that just anybody can walk through an unlocked door?
0	Latency is a non-issue for non-gamers or people who don't require low ping times, though I've heard the satellites could be 24ms but I don't know if that's round-trip or one-way.
1	"But the ""tech sector"" will just get together and have a ""manhattan"" style project to solve all our problems, right? right!?!?!?!?"
0	Do they NEED coal or something?
1	Hey. They had to raise rates to recoup the costs of the merger and upgrading all the equipment they'll be providing soon!
0	Holy shit china.  This is evil-genius level stuff.
1	No you don't understand, the only thing keeping the internet from being censored was a standardized error code.
0	I don't think you understand my argument. I'm saying they are the issues the party thinks are important because the voters votes hinge on them. It had nothing to do with what I think. I was just pointing out that your idea of partisanship was simply incorrect.
0	Ugh, you people sicken me, so quick to forget the Cola Wars. Oh yeah, we might not have had as noble a goal as those who fought the war on Christmas, but make no mistake it was a bloody and taxing war that spanned decades.
0	Nah. Just put it somewhere visible, or make a hashtag, or a viral video. Anything that makes headlines. Shouldn't be complicated.
0	The bill of rights is the biggest obstacle to the surveillance state, and the current government hates it.
0	Oh *that* Clinton.
1	What do authors know. They only wrote the stuff.
0	Got any sources that show who Hilary would pick for Supreme Court justices? Or is this all based on assumptions?
1	Except you forgot that racism = prejudice + power therefore it is not racism
0	But Bernie is actually fucking progressive! Does your friend have an opinion on Sanders?
1	Because obviously the government will keep the backdoor safe
0	Gee, how did I know someone would say that even though it isn't true? She's a race baiter that has ties to the mob does she?
0	So maybe like a quantum computer or a quantum computer
0	"So much this, with most of the government wanting to keep everything secret that they can (yes, some information must be kept under lock and key, I understand that.) we have no reason to trust them, especially when we can't even trust the oversight committees that over see these organizations, the openness of who we are as a country is what separates us from what ISIS, Russia,  North Korea,  and China a controlled state where the law is for sale and surpresing information and freedom is the governments goal and it is absolutely terrifying to see things going this way more and more all the time, and people throw support behind this people when they are never fully vetted or scrutinized yes the news will look for all that shock stuff and we shouldn't trust all these for profit ""news"" companies to say everything they should but people just don't care enough to do the research and I think that might be the scariest part, we use to say it alot in the Marines but ""apathy kills""."
0	Why use control delete? Not being rude just genuinely curious.
0	It would probably be easier to have a rotational device in front of the kinect camera that holds 3 polarized lenses.
1	No matter, their highly successful and popular mac lineup as will as their iPad pro will fill in the gap.
0	Sweet. You seem to be paying attention, could you link it when it's up?
0	"If you like that, check out ""The Jaunt"" by Stephen King"
0	This shit shouldn't happen.  Real money is lost when a bunch of assholes make wild guesses about the future.
0	Comcast strikes again.
0	Doesn't periscope do this too?
1	*Yeah, fuck all those people trying to stay in contact with distant relatives/friends who only use facebook and nothing else.*
0	It'd be a nice step for sure.
0	Yes, much better. Did you watch the debate last night?
0	"I can't wait till I'm old enough where my thoughts on technology are considered ""cute."""
0	I'm not anti corporation in the slightest. I just hate how all you fuckers talk about him as though you want to suck his dick or something. He is not the second coming of Christ, he is a business man with a great PR team.
0	I got endless shit for voting for Nader every time he ran - I'm glad I'm not getting shit for voting for Bernie.
0	From being in Reddit one would think that Tesla is the only company that makes electric cars when in reality all the major brands have one or are developing one. The only difference is nobody can afford the Tesla.
0	Those here praising him like a demigod are fuckwits.
0	God, replacing a light fixture was 7 trips to the hardware store.
0	"I certainly don't want them to ""fix"" my Jetta if it means turning it into a POS"
0	Time to write another letter to a representative that won't read it?
0	Not just in the US. Love, Europe.
1	When musks does it here's a hero. But when zuck does it it's cuz he's obviously trying to get all that $ from those rich people living In 3rd world
0	"When did ACL's start being called a ""firewall?"""
0	Is it Norway? I bet it's fucking Norway. They have all the cool stuff going for them right now.
0	Count me in!
0	Americans don't participate and are easily swayed by media memes and cheap pandering and talking points. They mostly get the govt they deserve. It reflects our general glib stupidity. Eg. All the kneejerk panic after San Bernardino.
1	You can't fool me! I know you're working on the robot death squads that you plan on sending after the undesirables! ^^^
1	Yeah but it's not *my* congressman that needs to be replaced, it's the *other* party.
0	Co-presidency will be an interesting concept for a nation. Nothing will get done though.
1	Ah yes.  Keeping all the children safe from boogey men.  The true purpose of government
0	Thanks Obama voters.  This is all on you.
0	Hey hey hey we arent all that bad.
0	Hi Obama, tell Michelle hi for me
0	People probably already have stolen the disk they play, ripped it and begun seeding it.
0	Exactly nothing fancy
1	No no, you're just some dumb amurican redneck that just wants to drink beer and shoot people for fun.
1	Romney would have NEVER done this!
0	Who? The elected officials who are pushing this through? The president who didn't veto it and avoided a government shut down? The people who voted for them? The people who didn't vote against them?
0	no considering congress has less than 20% approval still the fault is on congress if he vetoed it. No need to give him excuses.
1	This is why we need Jihad.
0	Be careful, you might break your wrist jerking too hard.
0	Preaching to the choir man.
1	I though he promised to wait 5 days for input from the teeming masses before signing non-emergency legislation!
1	Don't you know? The NSA spying on us stopped all sorts of terrorist acts.
0	When I become president, I'm going to enact an executive order requiring that every amendment be substantially germane to the bill
1	Who needs privacy OR spying? Let's just put everyone in concentration camps!
0	A larger number of votes isn't going to fix a thing.
1	My representative / senator is one of the few good guys.
0	Didn't I just say small steps???
1	But why do you need a trojan in the backdoor?  I thought the backdoor WAS the birth control?
0	If an RSA key were 512Mb, I feel like a single encryption operation would take several orders of magnitude longer than my lifespan - not to mention key generation. So, I mean, that would be impressive.
0	its not really so much a way of thinking, than it is a fact by technicality.
0	I think Bernie has a better chance against Trump than Hilary. Hilary's gone too hard on gun control and Trump will use that. As well as the fact that in the past he has donated to her, she has taken his money and then went to his wedding.
0	I hate putting on a tin foil hat, but this sure sounds tin foil hatty...Can't get any dirt on Bernie so they have to try to make some themselves.
1	Yeah Facebook should lose out on all business prospects in the largest population in the world because he doesn't support our cause
0	And Clinton shouldn't.
1	But the polls are run by the MEDIA
0	"more like ""advised his boss to let him go"""
1	Hey did you see Obama on Fallon! He was hilarious!!
1	Sounds like whistle blowing is a viable option.
0	Why are people still pretending the FBI is interesting in stopping terrorism?
0	Don't get into marketing or sales please. Your store would go out of business from lack of sales. It'd be a ghost town on black friday.
1	I am sure this is the only mistake across their entire network
1	Data doesn't grow on trees you know.
0	I hope I live in a world where the internet is regulated like a utility
1	He's got a really great connection - it's so fast and I'm sure he's far away...
0	Source? I bought 20 of these from Amazon and sold them on eBay, can I apply for a refund without retiring he items?
0	Then he's gonna punt you off AOL.
0	So much for the concept of an elected government eh? In reality it seems the security services are running the government - not that that should be all that surprising to anyone when those same services have the perfect blackmail tool to hand :(
0	No charges filed, slap on the wrist petty fine.
1	But they're not data caps
0	Setec Astronomy?
1	TV? What's that?
1	I agree, why try?
0	*That's* what I want for Christmas. A pair of good power settings.
0	Lock the front door but leave the back door open
1	How do you think lawyers feed their children?
0	That's just not true, I hit 2-3 GB easily without extensions
1	26mil? That ought  to teach them
0	So, like TSA luggage locks?
0	This only happens in China 'merica fuck yea etc etc
1	Sounds like it's time to install... Windows Vista :) Microsoft won't go and upgrade everyone on Vista now, would they?
0	"It will work as great as the ""press play to continue"" that i get right after i sit down and get relaxed, every single fucking time."
0	"Nope. Not paid. I just see a lot of ""it's the end of the world"" reaction here without a detailed explanation of the actual problem with the bill. At face value, information sharing just doesn't seem terribly nefarious. I want services like Twitter to share any information they have on ISIS-linked accounts with the NSA, for example. I thought they could already -- was I mistaken? I'm not clear on what the difference is here. There very well might be potential for abuse or provisions that could be over-interpreted to allow something egregious... but what are they exactly? What changes in this bill compared to what was already legal? Can't somebody post an actual analysis of the thing instead of a bunch of ""oh no freedom is doomed forever"" hyperbole?"
1	Don't you know there doing this to keep your Freedoms safe, and to keep all that America stands for, out of ISIS's hands! This is definitely a Democracy, not a Corporatocracy
0	Someone who wants power for ends that aren't evil, I guess?
0	But this isn't CISA. It's the omnibus spending bill with CISA attached. Likely some backroom deals were made and CISA got attached in return for something *else* being attached. This bill has already been endorsed by the president from what I've read so it's practically law already.
1	"This is why the title of a bill is so important. If you call a bill ""Tax to Help Homeless Act"" then people will have a lot easier time not signing it then if it is called ""Help Homeless Act"" because if you are against the latter, you are against homeless people!"
1	Well that would definitely send the right message.
0	With more billions.
1	Keep voting guys! It's super important and really makes a difference!
0	Wouldn't it be the select few who care that *aren't* bought and paid for?
0	Well, thats pretty unlikely. Conditions that would ignite a revolution probably wouldn't even be possible in the next 50 years.
0	And the lobbyists cut down the support staff budgets that used to do that for congress
0	Lol, no. Go up and ask anybody below age 25 almost anything about it and I can almost guarantee you they don't unless they go into law. Even then.
0	I liked Breitbart better when he was dead.
1	Except Tiananmen Square because that shit didn't happen.
0	But I'm a guy!
0	There's no indication that this will actually fix things. At best, it'll just shift the corruption to less visible unelected individuals.
0	This is why most people don't contact their representatives. It's like calling Comcast to tell them stop with the data caps.
0	I think I read they specifically put in a clause that it can't be filibustered
0	"I think you're watching too much fox news, ""buddy"". Hes talking about exactly what you said."
1	What a great and effective governing system we have!
0	Wow, good thing I didn't throw out my LG-VX8550!
0	Must have missed that note about the CISPA vote. I thought only Congress voted.
0	Maybe I can finally downgrade to DSL and get away from Comcast but still be able to watch some TV on the weekend :-/
0	can someone ELI5?  they've put DRM in lights? I'm confused
0	It's part of the Netflix player
1	Yeah, because there's none of that going on around the Internet at all.
0	It's definitely not a big truck, that's for sure.
1	See!  My senator was right...  Letting the ISPs have their way actually leads to better technology. To hell with this net neutrality crap!
0	Cause you got all them teeth and no toothbrush?
1	Just pair a Bluetooth keyboard. Easy.
1	"They're not pop-up ads, they're ""exciting new, tailored user-experience enhancements""."
0	Plus Consumerist has really gone to shit lately.
1	Wow, Netflix finally discovered Variable Bit Rate 2-pass encoding. Way to go guys! I can see my streaming dollars are being well-spent.
0	We need James Cameron.
0	ech, no sorrow for cable companies here. they have ALL the power to run these negotiations. the channels would be fucked without them. especially those they want to force on. for example see: G4 and TechNews channels. Even being directly owned by Comcast didnt help it in the end.
0	Your balls weigh between .55 and 55 lbs?
0	Oh fun, and here I am about to get into the industry.
0	And meanwhile 850+ new sites are up
1	THEY'RE NOT DATA CAPS QUIT CALLING THEM THAT.
0	Nope can still reach everything.
1	"It's because it's just ""political discourse"". He gets away with it because it's a topic of debate. Other people who agree with him aren't debating it though."
0	It's a bit different these days as I'm sure he's referring to back when dial-up ISPs were the primary means of connection. All you really had to do was pay for a bank of lines from the phone company, setup the routing equipment and modem pads, and secure a sufficiently high enough bandwidth connection to the internet to be in business. That's why there was so much competition back when dial-up was in its heyday.
0	You mean like most laws. Just some arbitrary circumstances that you can meet if and when they decide to fuck you.
1	You mean you don't think your subscription should go to funding garbage like Honey Boo-Boo? How un-American!
0	The USSR wasn't socialist anyway. It was oligarchic fascism wearing a socialism mask.
1	Hey, fuck you! Why not?!
1	Hahahhaah. Wow this guy is real funny. I'm glad he answered the question so well.
0	Right? Better service for less money? How dare they help the consumer!
0	I was going to say, a true World War 3 would be nuclear and would ruin a lot more than our ability to go to mars.  If humanity survived, it would likely take at least a century or two to recover.
1	Well sure, it would use up all the nukes he wants to use to melt the mars ice caps.
0	Thank god, summer just would not be the same without the sun!
0	Your statement is completely 100 percent accurate. I downvoted you because it has completely 100 percent nothing to do with the topic at hand.
1	No no, of course the US didn't have a part in this. All those coups in SA and ME over the course of last 50 or so years are just people fighting for democracy and freedom!
1	Eugenics, yay!
1	It's easy. We just need to turn those Chem trails on, and make humanity complacent.
1	Yeah; that would really suck.
0	They would just move on to human trafficking and weapon smuggling. Both of which they probably are doing anyway, drugs are just easier to negotiate with when a population is addicted to the stuff.
1	he meant *third-world* war
0	not that kind of unlocking
1	Then you're wrong, and don't deserve to use any video editing software!
0	I wish there was an article that better described the facts of the case, rather than the editorializing we see here.
1	Yeah that's why the Constitution is never amended or anything
0	This is pretty much the basis for every CRM Suite ever created.
0	The thing is I'm not going to buy a mac book just to install something like Ubuntu on it. That's a complete waste of money.
0	And this right here is the problem.
0	Its not clickbait if its true.
0	Anyone who wants to block solar power has shit for bains. Are you just trying to be contrarian do you also think it's a good idea to delay implementation of renewable energy?
1	And using tap water drains all the way from the ocean.
0	Well, that's potentially untrue. It could and most likely does happen in other developed countries, but it's just not reported on.
0	It was actually three people, although two of them are married.
1	Solar farms are way too dangerous for public health and the enviroment. Can't they just build another nuclear reactor?
0	"When you have the ""science"" teacher spewing this bull it's easy to see how they get in this mindset.  A revolving cycle of poor information and education, and no willingness to actually learn about something new."
0	oh wow what a surprise..... said no one ever. I knew this was going to fail.
0	I really hope that game has better action than Elite and SC.
0	That's called copyright infringement. I haven't seen a definition of stealing that supports your usage.
1	Impossible, I caught 4chan hacking my microsoft word yesterday and hacked them back
0	I did said ios **apps**, which means 3rd party content. This trick will trick the exact same kind of people who blames the OS for 3rd part software problems.
0	You can watch YouTube with Firefox mobile.
1	I thought reddit was nothing but stolen porn and tv shows
0	And how do you think you'll pay for that with no jobs? The reality will probably be years of mass starvation, then violent revolution, then a completely new system where all needs are met automatically and people are free to use their time however they want (like Star Trek).
1	What are  you trying to hide?
0	A propertarian then.
0	"There's a novel called Permutation City that is very prescient. One of the events that happens is the spam mail trying to figure out if it's talking to a real person or another bot, and when it slips through, the real person says ""retrain the bot to respond the way I did next time."""
1	"Sadly, our ""illegal home taping"" was killing music, as we were enthusiastically warned. Which is why there is no music today.  Sorry world :("
0	By establishing a decades-long track record of integrity that inspires individual voters to donate to his campaign.
0	We're in a really bad place here.  Millenials/Gen Y have grown up with the internet, so they take it for granted.  Boomers that don't fully grasp the implications of the technology are still in charge politically.  Gen X is the generation to straddle the analog/digital world and has a clear understanding of what is at stake but no political critical mass to effect proper policy.
1	We all know a PS4 is faster than any having computer.
0	If only people in the 1800s had foreseen the menace of pixelated Helvetica and Helvetica-derived fonts, this all could have been averted. With torches and pitchforks, if necessary.
0	"I dunno, I went and read the thread and it seems like the dodged a lot of questions and basically kept touting the PR lines like ""it will get better"". They sure didn't make me want to even go out and try one out."
0	What retard thought they would ban WiFi?
0	These organizations also lie. Lying and deceiving is part of their job, how you can you place any trust in them knowing that?
0	Seriously, how do companies actually convince people/govt's to fund impractical stuff like this? I wish I could see their pitch deck.
0	yes, but also very expensive to build, upkeep, and maintain, and with current technology, it takes about 3x money to keep it running than it will generate.
0	"Where did the article's author get the ""SMS"" idea from?"
0	"And then I said ""Feminism always wins!"" Then the entire Subway resturant got up and applauded me for challenging the patriarchy, while the skin-and-bones boy behind the register broke down crying because he tried to charge me extra for 4 extra servings of mayo on my tuna sub."
0	Stop being creepy NSA!
0	I was a Comcast customer until last month when they started enforcing the cap. So I've already asked myself.
0	Just make a new text post with that as the content.
0	God I miss country Mack
0	Currently what I'm paying for Comcast. Might not be the permanent rate but I'll look around if it expires.
0	but there is no wind, so once things settle no more dust concerns, or you can use static electricity to repel dust.
1	Hey,  it's not a cap! You can use more than what it says as long as you pay, therefore it's not a cap.
1	What? Bloatware has security flaws? No way man. I no belief.
0	Doesn't make it free, makes it stolen.
0	Except if this becomes a common practice, startups will have additional costs equal to what already established, big-money companies are already paying, lowering their effective  customer base if they do not buy in.  It's essentially the same as paid prioritization, just in a slightly different way.
0	Why isn't something like this regulated by states department of weights and measures?
1	even since the sryrin civil war broke out, access to the coveted bit mines has been limited, so there's a limited supply that the internet companies of the world are rationing. it's been recently suggested that we rebalence popular data types to use more 0's than 1's as 0's are less scarce
0	Base rate  + usage.
0	FedEx does charge more to distant International addresses. No residential ISP I've dealt with does that. I have gotten free peering though for local (non-transit) traffic though.
1	Five minutes.
0	As someone who regularly used 1.5TB+ download. I might be more okay with this.
1	SlingTV is like electric companies manufacturing light bulbs that don't count against your meter. No anti-trust issues there
0	Ecommerce, banking, medica websites, company emails - and anything that relies on https.
1	Looks like they learned after Paris that the only way to go is to ban all unencrypted communication
1	"""Harass"", ""trick"" and ""force"" are such ugly terms. We prefer to call it ""a gentle nudge""."
0	Correct. They also are not marriage equal.
0	It's comcast what do you expect?
1	I hope you bandwidth hogs feel ashamed at the natural resources you're wasting. Comcast spends a ton of money drilling in the ground for data. The internet comes from naturally occurring data wells. Once Comcast strikes data they plumb it to your house using a series of tubes. Eventually these data wells dry up and they have been drying up at an exponential rate in the last few years. Experts say we could use up all the earth's data by 2030 at current consumption rates. So think about the environment the next time you want to play Netflix.
1	But it is just bus ride sharing.
0	still would take him over her any day, hell i would take Obama again just to not have her and I am a Libertarian
0	They arent, this website endorses them much like other mwdianoutlets, so they try and make it seem so to promote them.
1	Yeah, and Bernie's just a circle-jerk supported by idiots, amiright???
1	Nah, by 1922 everyone had totally forgotten about Pearl Harbor
0	It's not the water, it's the high fructose corn syrup in our food - WAKE UP SHEEPLE!
1	No but you don't understand, SJW aren't even real! They're all just confused teens and college kids with no impact in the real world! Stop being such a reactionary misogynist!!!
0	It's so crazy looking back and remembering how insane people got over Madonna. A lot of it was intentional fanning of the flames by the music industry, but there was a tremendous amount of real outrage over everything from Papa Don't Preach to her kissing a black dude on TV.
0	I'm surprised to see such a reactionary response from so many people. Not even discussing my own opinion on the matter, it seems that a lot of people are misinterpreting the intent of Eric Schmidt. I don't think he's trying to stop trolling online, but instead wants to stop terrorist organizations from using his services to further their cause.
0	The 90s wasn't that long ago. Hell, a 90s Democrat is running for president. I'm willing to bet many legislators from the 90s are alive and well.
1	I think we should ban envelopes. If you don't have anything to hide, then why are you sending mail in an opaque container?!?
0	Practical, legal, ethical... it's irrelevant to their people
0	They can't miss something they never looked for.
0	My bad; will screenshot and repost as image.
0	Who does he think Gates is? The fucking Wizard of Oz?
1	Same NY Attorney found to have a daughter dating a Verizon executive's son...
0	Surrounded by yes man. Also no need to pander the rich since he's already rich. This pretty much gives him the galls to say shit like this. There are probably more high profile people with this train of thought.
1	But he does anticipate that it will run afoul of the 1st amendment, and immediately shits on people who care about that, which is neat.
0	You realize virtually every poll by every pollster has had Trump in the lead for months and months, right?
0	You got it.  It requires substantial personal wealth to run for office.  What rich person would take this shitty shitty job? Sociopaths willing to forego earning their precious moneyz in exchange for power - the best currency of all.
1	"Bill Gates? Excuse me, but I believe it's called the ""AL GORE Superhighway."""
0	8K screen. Uh huh.
1	Build a firewall
0	Rand should be relevant. He's the only one actually backing liberty.
1	Wow. Well now he's got my vote.
0	No - he doesn't.
0	That's 2 times! Hopefully some idiot doesn't go and say China for the third time!
0	It means he knows *precisely* how to pander to people who will vote for him. Nothing more.
0	911 could happen twice a day and the world population would still go up. Even including all deaths from 911 as part of the plane accident, it was still safer to fly than to drive that week. Terrorists don't kill that many people.
0	Except to watch lesbian porn of course... ~~but same sex relationships are wrong~~.
0	I am fucking game.
0	TBH mobile internet is the biggest joke. Now LTE speeds can rival cable internet speeds but we're stuck with 2GB... considering many phones have higher resolution than many computer monitors (especially those pathetic 1368x768 PC laptops.... my work just upgraded me to an HP ultrabook with that resolution in 2015)
0	The problem is also a generation gap. A lot of the politicians in Washington do not understand the internet at all. To them 300 gb sounds a lot.
0	But the lack of competition is because of Comcast, though your city's cooperation certainly isn't helping.
1	I am busy, but I'm pretty sure my nephew who is good with computers can get that done for free in 2 weeks.
0	Right... as if Washington doesn't know.  They just don't care more than the money.
0	It's kind of awesome that General Electric sold of NBC when they did...  Just in time for the downfall of the TV market.
1	Yeah because your graphics processor is what does the work to crack passwords.
0	Especially considering he used *incentivizing* toward the end of the email.
0	He seems to say that he is unwilling to allow the FCC to classify the internet under the 1934 law further up, but then says he wants to reform the 1934 law in a way that sounds pleasing to those who support net neutrality. So basically his language deceives you into thinking he's helping, when in reality he is doing literally nothing.
0	"This is better than ""the internet is a series of tubes"""
0	John Shimkus, says so at the end of the letter.
1	People who use Tor are terrorist sympathisers
0	A young ladies illustrated primer...
0	Of course it's still true. You know how many ridiculous articles were posted about windows 10? Utterly ridiculous fear mongering hyperbole. And usually voted to the top are commenters who are equally factually incorrect. A similar sort of article on google is filled with apologists. It's like definitely certainly a thing on reddit. How have you not noticed?
1	"That's called ""soft power"""
0	How does this compare to PV panels? If the same area was covered with PV panels what difference would it make in energy production?
0	Freaky man, baby.
0	What exactly about it is not how democracy should work? Corporate interests represent the wills of *some* people.
0	OK sorry I felt like you were trying to prove me wrong about jeeps being shitty. It's really a shame what happened to jeep and it's getting harder and harder to find clean tjs
0	Sometimes they even exaggerated for dramatic effect. Like the episode involving the infamous 3 wheeled car.
1	How is this unfair? You're not guilty but your property is? Do you want me to draw a schematic or something?!
0	I see about five per day. It's kind of ridiculous.
1	Sucks because since they seized the domain literally no one has been able to find torrents or commit piracy for over 5 years
0	Yeah yeah, blah blah blah, the world is flat, electric cars have no range (despite a Tesla crossing the entire country in about 72 hours) and baby boomers aren't the worst generation.
0	I bought a brand new Discovery in 2000. While I loved the car, in the first year it required replacement of the battery, windshield washer pump, and radiator. Promptly sold it a few months before the warranty expired.
1	Okay, Facebook will tell us if the Govt is spying on me, But who'll tell me that Facebook is spying on us ?
0	Yeah, but smart people know there will never be an end to evil people. And there are genius' on both sides.
1	No guys, it's just a clickbait title! ^
0	Good people don't just care about money when it will negatively hurt hundreds of millions of people.
1	*#FeelTheBern*
0	you can pass legislation to undo the old legislation, instead of piling more rules on top.
0	This is not the end just another set back
0	Ahh that was a consensus opinion back then...just like now. Who is right?
0	"That is true. Like, I understand there could well be a difference in pricing, it just seems the attitude of the major companies over there is ""Fuck you, you're gonna buy from us anyway so we'll do whatever we want."""
1	At least we have those great AT&amp;T deals to look forward to that they were going to present before that pesky net neutrality got in the way.
0	I have high hopes for servo. But that's still a couple of years away.
0	^^ Found the Mozilla employee.
0	Uhm no, anyone who knows anything about computers knows that storage refers to HDDs, SSDs, flash memory etc, and memory refers to RAM.  Storage because you can store it, ie nonvolatile. Not ram.
1	see both parties are just the same
1	Don't take my gun,  what if there is an emergency and I need to defend myself.
0	Some people have valid reasons to keeping their phones on them.
0	A good venue should just kick you out without a warning.
0	They absolutely can pursue you through legal channels, but the *action* side of that is the job of police, not security staff.
0	Going so far as to force people to put their phones in locking baggies is pushing the bullshit limit. This is a problem that's way better solved through direct human interaction.
1	This is Dave Chappelle! His genius is worth unnecessary death!
0	I wonder how many websites are actually restricted in the US? Is there a list? You know, for science?
1	Right, like something with nice ads instead.
0	"""I was gonna be your best friend but now I'm not!"" - Every childhood bully/liar ever."
1	Instead of $100 for 15GB, they would have done it for $99? Wow, let's ditch net neutrality for this deal!
0	I was about to have **AMAZEBALL SEX** with my ex, but they got boring so I faked my own funeral.
1	Alicia Keys is available.
0	I dunno, AT&amp;T's been ostensibly doing fiber for years, and their market penetration is still smaller than the heart of a debt collector.
0	Comcast throttled netflix traffic until netflix paid them.
1	Ah bummer! Now we'll never find out how awesome those deals were!
0	yeah, my point was that although smaller less circulated outlets may call AT&amp;T (and others) on this sort of thing, the vast majority of people will never even catch a whiff of this shady shit because big corps are rarely called out in big media (where most people get their 'news'). Corps like AT&amp;T know this and that's why they feel comfortable being so blatantly dishonest.
1	But they aren't children any more, so it's not a problem!
0	128 is a bit tight. Mine has only windows and apps, and it's nearly full. No games.
0	Ay bruh! I knew talking shit about Cali would pay off.
1	Don't forget guns. If not for the GOP, Obama would go door to door snatching your guns!
0	Do you have any source on that? It seems like a rather dubious claim.
0	Why would lyft want to refer people to uber?
0	"Email contents and what was shipped to that address are the only items requested that qualify as ""internet traffic data"" in the way you are implying."
0	thought it was already dead
0	This doesn't even make sense.
0	Sounds like a lawsuit waiting to happen.
1	But I leave my real-life back door unlocked in the case the police need to get inside, and no bad guys have ever walked right in. So see, Mossberg is wrong. I have anecdotal evidence.
0	Super! Just what I want, pot holes in my Internet service.
1	What we *need* is a *War on Prostitution*.
0	Any other way for California to strip their residents' rights and privacy.
1	it's going to make America great again!
1	But you know that all prostitutes are kidnapped women who are being forced to do it by some man, right?
1	Sell your car. Sorry.
0	Because even Democrats lean to the right in the US. A real solution in this situation would be to legalize and regulated prostitution.
0	And now Baptist churches outnumber gas stations 16:1. At least in the south here.
0	Just get the ladies to walk the 405 and start sending out mass mails.  It will cost more in postage and envelopes than any fines related to be a john.
0	Exactly. Instead of selling sex, the prostitute is selling the $10 SD card for $200. The man can just crush it on the way out.
0	It's shit like this that desensitizes people to government spying. This doesn't even target the root of the problem.
1	Filthy socialist libtards.
0	When you make it a black market there's always going to be victims time to regulate and legaljze prostition.
1	But it's only 0.11$ of difference !
1	Incredimail
0	you assume he has a home computer
0	Sadly, IRL the most common Mifare cards have a non-rewriteable factory set ID block (Block 0). But you can still carbon copy Mifare card by using a special fully rewriteable card or a card emulator.
0	I understand why they don't, but they should give me the choice. It is not their data or money.
0	Until the batteries are full up. It's not cost effective to have a ton of excess battery storage for the off chance you get a huge spike while your batteries are ready for a normal discharge period to start.
1	Maybe he had to be at the gym in 26 minutes
0	Why would they win an appeal? If they didn't ask him to sign the form, that's the case.
1	Yeah, shit, why didn't that **68 year old man** know to back up his cell phone? I know that, if he's anything like my dad, he only knows how to take pictures and calls, but *still*. It's totally that dude's fault that the other dude he handed his phone to wiped it without asking or explaining the process, because he should have backed up his data. I mean, how *stupid* can you be?
0	Huh must have missed it. Thanks!
1	Google Photos.
0	You're stuck in 2007.
0	I'm sitting here waiting for the inevitable law changes. This sounds like it'll be shut down. Not soon, but eventually.
0	At least food Macs and Windows 8/10, you have no effort automated backups with Time Machine and File History. Connect a USB drive,  set it up,  and hide the drive behind the computer. You never have to worry about her not having backups again.
1	It's mostly mexicans anyway right?
0	Apple asks you before you even come in. They send an email. Don't make shit up.
0	I think it was fairly recent one.
0	The only purpose I can ever see this serving is far from terrorism. Blackmail, punishment, and thoughtcrime.
0	But the scope and technical hurdles overcome to facilitate such spying *was* surprising.
1	Android master race! Am I right or what?
1	Why would you post that? What were you thinking?
0	You don't need to speak truth to power, it knows the truth and is actively subverting it. But regardless, your premise is bullshit.
0	Google fibre speeds are dial-up speeds, 20 years from now.
1	well as long as we have someone to blame it'll be ok
0	Alright, Amazon, Google, NewEgg, etc. You're up.
1	Yea, we're trying to NOT pay for content. Paying for a VPN defeats the purpose.
0	TL/DR a broke 19 year old with no credit history except an unpaid cellphone bill will have a crappy credit score while a 25 year old with a job and a history of paying their bills will have a pretty good one.
0	Some people just think that roads build themselves and that public services fall from the sky.
0	"It's a standard bug bounty program, and their ""double if charity"" rule had been set up and part of the rules of the program before this incident. Those programs exist to pay ethical hackers to poke and prod systems so they can afford to do so and are incentivized to do the right thing (despite being paid magnitudes less than the illegal black markets and semi legal government agency grey markets)"
1	Well if youre getting paid a little over $1000 a year, you prpbably already have plenty of expierence taking it in the ass from your employer
0	Even that small amount of money can pay off debt/bills and allow you to start saving again. Have you ever had a job?
1	Can't they just let white people in?
0	This is dumb, you can't just take some uneducated worker off the street, you need highly intelligent individuals who are in high demand and can as such demand higher rates, that or move over to a country that will pay them accordingly.
1	hoax...look no stars guys.  Just like we learned on youtube
0	Blocking gun sales on Facebook is a violation of our 5th Amendment right.
1	Yeah - a Nissan leaf would have smoked that holden!
0	Those trump support posters are definitely above this.
0	I believe this isn't exclusive to French. How DARE you attempt to monopolize corruption?
1	How dare you be so arrogant ? Almost everybody else here has the same expertise as you do, but they don't brag about it.
0	As a reddit armchair expert on a thing I didn't know existed just 10 minutes ago I can already tell you that this is a terrible idea and would never work in a real street fight.
0	Eh, it's been like that for a while, either it's some service that everyone hates/loves or a politician/country.
0	Well then I've got nothing.
0	Competition? You mean like Hulu, Amazon,  and all those free TV data sticks people are buying up?
1	Yeah because T-Mobile is notorious for fucking their customers over
1	That'll put a real dent in illegal arms sales.
0	It is, and I love how it summarizes their thought process.
0	I fear change.  HOLD ME.
0	I know it says under the input method how many tries you have remaining before the wipe.  at least on Android it does.  if that is true for IOS too then I don't know what they were thinking.
0	I grapple with this constantly. I don't want to think that people are basically self-serving. That's a dark world.  But even if a plurality are mostly self-serving, and if they achieve great power through their self-service, then it matters little how the rest of us act. Those who lie and cheat to accumulate power win. I'm forced to conclude that humans are flawed in our very essence. I'm happy for someone to show me otherwise.
0	Yeah, but I have an old one
1	So bold and daring!
0	Actually they replaced it with Beats Audio. A worldwide radio station with DJ's from around the world and is available on devices that are not linked to the Apple ecosystem.
0	I think thismight be the problem. How can it be pluged in if its in the air?
0	Reddit gives a shit about the middle class.  Uneducated immigrants from Mexico aren't taking jobs Americans are willing to do.  Nobody wants to work in agriculture for less than minimum wage.  However, IT departments have plenty of available US workers but want to hire from the third world.
0	EA. Better take off and nuke it from orbit etc etc.
0	I log onto my old Slashdot account about once a year. Takes me back to early times. My son was still in diapers. Today he's about to graduate from high school. I was never a huge fan of sourceforge, just because I was used to using freshmeat. Slashdot was were I first read about a couple guys up in Silicon Valley that were creating a new search engine. Not sure why I wrote this. Maybe just seeing 2 hugely iconic brands in the rear view mirror.
0	it doesn't even matter. broken dashcam = suspect's word carries unless proven false.
0	"Ha-ha. I just drew a parallel in my head between server uptime, and those signs at OSHA compliant job sites that say ""this workplace has been accident-free for 763 days."". That's a pretty nice streak you've got going there."
0	"This is ridiculous.  The US has reviewed Microsoft's code and if they felt there was something unsavory about it, would have no qualms with busting down doors to steal it and review it again.  This is a witch hunt on the eve of Bernie possibly losing to provide an ""aha"" moment where they can blame the loss at something other than him being a candidate that people don't resonate with."
1	But Universities are non-profit!
0	Welcome to your daily nagging to upgrade to a 'premium' account.
1	The Army is going to love this.
0	Well, you're no fun.
0	Any idea what that program is called.. Might save me a headache or two with old java versions
0	obviously they're trying to gain that funding by suing the people who are using their patented item.
0	3... All of them with god damn Yahoo as their search.
0	Ha! It's ok, they'll make a bullet proof equivalent something else - like those blankies for kids, or school bags.. (Not kidding about those things either)
0	Idk, never read the comics, haha
0	"I have a feeling that 9 out of 10 times, even if a lone inventor comes up with a novel mechanism worth parenting, it would still require licenses to many other patents in order to produce the final saleable product. The lone inventor now needs to get patent licenses from the big boys, and will probably lose exclusivity on his own invention in the license agreements (""we'll let you use our patent, but only if you let us use yours ""). The lone inventor proceeds to pound sand as huge companies mass produce his invention that the patent system was supposed to protect."
1	"Well it IS called the ""Information Super Highway..."""
1	I can envision a candidate in a live debate wearing Google Glass with a team of advisers feeding him lines, similar to the popular conspiracy theory that George W. Bush was being fed lines via cochlear implant.  Yeah, that would go over really well in the red states.
0	We need laws which not only forbid patent trolling, but severely punish anyone attempting it. Forfeiture of all assets - personal and corporate, as well as a minimum of five years in a Federal pound-me-in-the-ass penitentiary.
1	solid reporting done by life hacker
0	wow that pinata is incredibly life like
0	Does he make it a big deal, or does the media? Could this be a side effect of media bias?
1	Sounds perfectly fair.  This couldn't possibly lead to favoritism of any kind.
1	A left wing liberal website is a reliable source.
0	Nope, I totally disagree, he called out the NBC news guy about that pro-choice statement and went totally ape-shit
0	I mean take a look at Obama's first campaign. He did his best to try to reach it but to win you have to make promises you can't keep
1	thats it, im covering my license plate.
1	webmail? whats that?
0	i thought as much. back to ripping all the spam they wont stop sending us.
0	If ads actually become regulated(No viruses, no phishing attempts) I would consider uninstalling adblocker. Until then any site thats refuses adblocker user can suck it, I will not uninstall it.
0	Last time I checked websites not having enough revenue to stay viable (like say reddit for instance) doesn't exactly help freedom.
1	Lol obviously world war 2 had nothing to do with the growth.
0	It just ~~works~~ crashes
0	With this logic advertising companies steal bandwidth, so they're actually stealing the data that I pay for. I want a check in the mail with my advertising reimbursement or else I'll sue all advertising companies.
0	I just switched to ABP+ and trying it out for now. Not sure I want to play the hack a minute on ublock yet ;P
0	My nightmares
0	Rationalization at its worst.
1	How can we have a lack of jobs when we have *job creators* with lots of extra money from a reduced tax burden and other loopholes? It just doesn't make sense.
0	And watch as corporations flee to countries where it's much cheaper to do business. You can't tax people into prosperity. It just doesn't work.
0	No shit, asshole.
1	So your a commie then? What do you want, a red star?
0	How about unreasonable search and seizure.
1	I mean, every republican is basically hitler, right?
0	Bounty hunters have been around for a long long time.
0	Welcome to Tokyo: 20XX
0	8 technologies that will eventually break and cost you a lot of money because of import tariffs
1	Sometimes HR departments are given another HR department so they also have someone to hate.
0	I'm halfway thru season 4, I still miss Carter.
0	Gamergate article is easily the most recent example.
0	That would take an ounce of effort, and god forbid i actually put forth any of that nasty stuff.
0	hehe, I remember finding this out the hard way.  I was stripping a connected phone wire with my teeth when a call came in.  It was a shocking experience.
1	But both parties are the same, why even vote!?
0	pedantic man strikes again!
0	I think he meant 50 km/h.  More than happy to give the benefit of the doubt, but he seems like an ass now and still didn't post the link.
0	Lots of other ccTLDs too and they're trying to make it so businesses can't use whois protection, but they don't specify if a blogger is a business or what exactly counts.
1	Woah, woah, woah now. This isn't a bribe, that would be illegal!
1	"I believe that's termed ""free speech""."
0	Your freedom of expression ends at my screen.
0	Cool story bro
1	I can't imagine what a household of say 4 or 5 would ever need (up to) 25 Mbps bandwidth for?
1	Yeah, but you can go to library!
0	Thanks for the perspective.
1	And it's impossible that the methods used to determine merit could be biased.
0	Only if they fail at the earnings projections.
0	And all offices in govt need to have a term limit.
1	No no, they can't possibly have a valuable business model. Ignore the numbers.
0	That's a band name or an album title.
1	It's an Ingenious plan! Now the phone companies in the US can charge you for the terabytes you go over on your data!
1	Meanwhile in Canada, we just upped ours to 5Mbps. Vive la Canada!
0	I can't wait to see how Woodhouse is doing!
1	yeah even Apple screws it's own employees with anti-poaching agreements. Get with the times.
0	I think their Flock publicity might have backfired... it was a #1 worldwide trending topic despite being of very limited interest to most users. It just highlighted the fact the Twitter Trending hashtags can be bought and don't necessarily reflect what people are talking about.
0	"What is this ""unemployment insurance"" you speak of?"
1	Yeah, I'm sure it was on purpose. Jim Nance and Phil Simms playing the long game by being paid shills for Apple.
0	Their stock has been dropping as PC culture has been rising. Coincidence? Nope.
0	Yeah, but 10,000,000 / 60 = $166,666, not $160,000.
0	Twitter has never been profitable, its user growth has slowed *dramatically*, and it seems like the stock market finally put these two things together. Twitter as a company is in serious trouble. If its stock keeps dropping its going to find it harder and harder to secure loans and/or new investors, and since it's in the red Twitter needs loans/investors to keep itself afloat. This could very well be the start of a death spiral.
0	In Brunswick, Germany, the pirate party tested this with voting documents. It worked.
0	I knew this would be brought up, and I say to it that since they're not the two major ideas on the origin of life, they can be a taught in a history classroom and explained.
0	That's not the issue. The issue is that I made a twitter account years and years ago and never touched it, and when it came time to actually want to use it I had no idea any of the account info.
0	"As he mentioned, *""Now they had enough to bounce around a few services, even convincing my bank to issue them a new copy of my Credit Card.""*"
0	Step one of that is teaching the experiments and evidence that we've already gathered. The problem is, that evidence doesn't make sense outside the framework of evolution.
0	Just because there are way MORE practical effects in comparison to the prequels doesn't mean there isn't a ton of cgi in that movie
1	Have an actor interact with a *puppet*!? Haha, that's so silly and juvenile. I'm glad that modern movies don't need to resort to that and we get actors interacting with cartoons instead.
0	How can someone request so much information without even logging in? That seems ridiculous to me.
0	The first hobbit movie looked like Donkey Kong in the mines bit. I couldn't believe they let that shit leave the door.
0	If you don't watch the Fast and The Furious movies expecting realism, then they become fucking awesome. People can say what they want, but I always have an extremely good time watching those movies in theaters.
1	They're struck down by a lightning bolt created from the Lord's wrath
0	What do you mean? I got a magnet link to one form the search.
1	You don't need glasses, you need to pray to the Lord for forgiveness, that you may receive your reward of sight in heaven.
0	Came here to say exactly this.
1	See? Adblock takes away our jobs!
1	All the more reason for Apple to just say 'fcuk it' and buy BMW.
0	oh boy, if anyone needs some marketing, it's definitely HTC.
1	What a genius idea! This can only be used to better society!
0	I've been in there several times. I left some spam for her.
0	So piece-of-cake-sized Terminators or Terminator-sized piece-of-cakes? The question is rhetorical, isn't it?
0	I use FuckFuckAdBlock. It seemed to work.
1	But the reflections from my neighbors panels give me headaches
0	I count 4 buttons and a switch?
0	Also Discord has practically no options.
0	I thought the implicit online NDA was lifted on that movie already?
1	Nuke East Texas.
0	Erm... I mean I'm 27, but I'm younger than the simpsons, I think.
0	Idle while scraping ice and snow off windows and lights then take off. Source: Ohio
0	Never heard of it but there is curse, ventrillo, and at least 3 other popular  progs I have on my pc. Skype sucks
0	I'm convinced at this point that the only way to find a relationship that works really well is to break some hearts. It's tough, and it's not a nice world out there.
1	The NSA only wants to keep it because it keeps them in business.
1	but no, because advisers
1	And I think there should be a law that says every household should have loud speakers attached to the roofs so we can all hear what is going on behind closed doors... for the children.
0	You don't need to be on contact to exploit. Simply knowing the name then sending an add friend request gives you access. Skype really is shit. It isn't completely the streamer's fault.
0	Exactly. It's the same thing with Trump.
0	The article is an ad, but the new LED lighting for indoor growing is amazing.
0	Why is this news? I'm surprised it's only 6.
0	Never a miscommunication.
0	Hmm, maybe blocking samsung specific ad servers would work?
1	the hacker 4chan
0	"I just realized we have time warner ""high speed"" broadband and we don't even get a full 25/3. What a fucking joke."
0	they are still trying to use the 1960's model tv. it just doesn't work now.
1	The dude looks dodgy as hell. I reckon they are actually stealing phones.
0	this just in, cable companies dropping ESPN from standard package.  now its in a special package all on its own (independent of all other ESPN packages that exist).  your bill doesn't change.
0	This just in: AT&amp;T finds out it is easier to bribe Congress than bribe Tim Cook.
0	I'm often convinced of things. Definitely not this time.
0	Now a subsidiary of AT&amp;T.
1	what is cable and what the hell is espn?
0	Imagine if our web browsers included every website in the world in our bookmarks.
0	You would put this shit on blast. Way to ruin it.
0	I hope you are not implying that you are smart.
0	Neat - thank you! I'm going to build one of these out at my stepdad's shack in the woods!
1	Right, because females by definition cannot like sports.
0	What's wrong with that?
0	And? It's probably the most watched/wanted. Cable companies could save literally hundreds of millions of dollars if they cut it from people's subscriptions, but they don't because they know it's worth it.
0	If you give Sling a try, use your sling credentials in the WatchESPN app for anything live.  That app seems to be more stable.
0	If it's free, then YOU are the product.
1	Wow, what visionaries!
0	Because intellectual property rights are still property rights.
0	The spec is not approved by the IETF at this time, obviously.
0	There will be evidence of the hack, but the likelihood of anyone looking for it is the problem.  Anyone with the smarts to pull something like this off, is also aware of your location, speed, etc, at the best possible time to off you.  It will look like any other driver error accident.
0	"Facebook makes a backup every time you make changes, additions or deletions. It never goes away even if you ""delete"" the account. That what you mean?"
0	Italian here. Linkedin is used a LOT, especially in STEM fields. It never hurts to have an account there, trust me.
0	Maybe the Axis ^should ^^have ^^^won?
0	"Yep, I get emails all the time about ""so and so would like you to join their linked in network!"" and I didn't click any ""agree"" button.  I've never even been to LinkedIn."
0	He has the do.
1	I don't understand a word you are saying and am a burden on my countries social system because I am unemployed, but yes, these Muslim immigrants totally ruin our great country.
0	No, they have it. It's part of hangouts. Google just doesn't shove it in peoples' faces enough so people don't use it.
1	How can you justify slowing down the earth as a means of energy?
1	Someone just prefer Justin Beiber. Why do you care so much?
0	I wonder how expensive it would be if we bumped the wages up to $15/hr for all the workers who currently make the iPhone?
0	Kind of like what they've been doing with the oil for the last 30 years.
0	As proof of concept plants, so far not a single commercial storage facility has been built other than pumped storage.
0	As a none-American, I don't see how this goal of his is a bad idea. Having effective, modern production facilities that are highly automatized, and a tax system and other incentives, to facilitate production within the US, are all good things. Aren't they? I know there's circlejerking against Trump, and I know he is full of shit in many terms, but that doesn't mean all he says should be disregarded as stupid.
0	If you don't pay them, they cut off your service and it shows up in your credit rating. Just go get service from someone else.
1	But Australia is so crowded that they're isn't anywhere to put wind turbines, and they never get any sun so solar wouldn't work either.
1	Right. I'm sure those three actively went seeking for businesses with child labor.
0	For people who didn't read the article: the technology isn't being used to make custom fitted shoes. Instead, it's being used to tell you which existing shoes will fit your feet, so you don't have to try on multiple pairs.
1	Yes but - iPhone is shinier, right? It costs more and has/will have its very own *special* connecter!!! oooohhh aaaahhhhh!!!!
0	Depends on how well automated it is.
0	Wouldn't he be more effectively able to do that in the business world than in politics?
0	My feet beg me to buy custom made shoes.... One day by god!
1	Which will induce American companies to prioritize the American market, and better serve American consumers. It's a win-win!
1	Trump for *King of America*, 2016
1	oh awesome.  because the policies he has described so far promote exactly that.
0	He's loud, not powerful. Know the difference.
0	And the Europeans did that with Chinese technology too. For example porcelain, guns and other products i am forgetting. Even the tea tree was stolen against the Chinese laws and replanted in India.
0	To be fair the surface book is pretty close to $14,000, but I got the joke :P
0	When they import them to the US, it is an expense. When they export them from china it is profit. So they make a profit in china, where the tax rate is lower, and have an expense they can write off against their profits in the US where the tax rate is higher. If they made them in the US and exported them to China, the situation would be reversed and their tax burden would be much higher.
1	Yeah, businesses should totally be able to destroy the environment and fuck over their employees in order to make a little extra profit.
0	Facts keep getting in the way of your narrative. The house and the senate are republican. Most of the states are republican.
1	Very compelling. I guess you're right, a universal system is a wholly wrong idea and it could never work for anyone, anywhere, ever. Especially in the United States.
0	I'm voting for trump. sue me.
0	Yes, you will still have a choice. You can stay on Win7/8 and not get access to the new features of the CPU. Windows will not magically stop working, they are just not going to backport the new features to the older versions of Windows.
0	I would really appreciate that good Internet person.
0	A child could make better business decisions.
0	or... governments.
0	They are still blocking you if you are using an ad blocker.
0	Doesn't Forbes have that page that makes you wait to enter?
0	Wow, your message is brimming with hope.
1	"Didn't you know? ""front page of reddit"" now means ""popular with the American populace"" and Reddit is now the biggest and most important thing ever! Source: reddit."
0	It's a different planet, the oxygen CO2 system could be done differently given a different evolutionary history. Perhaps Tattoine is full of photosynthesizing bacteria.
0	So carry some powdered sports drink mix if that's your concern.
1	You know,  PHY CHASE.
0	That's what you get for fucking with a hot redhead.
0	Save humanity? How?
0	I wonder why they don't upgrade that barge to make it more stable. Make it float with underwater tanks instead of just floating on the surface to reduce the impact of choppy waters.
0	Deleting land is something I can see Musk trying to do once he reveals his plan for world domination.
0	Let's see how Trump uses this against Obummer.
1	Progress... thanks to politics.
0	So, Tony Abbott is the new mayor?
1	way to free market
1	Who needs that shit!? BIG OIL! JOBS! KEEPING OUR DIRTY ENERGY INDUSTRY ALIVE! USA! USA!
0	What does that matter?
0	"wasn't too long ago Obama was saying we were going to invest in renewables to increase our ""energy independence"". guess we now know who the ""we"" is"
0	Superconducting power cables work well for distributing power into super dense power demand areas. It's still a long way to go before we can cost-effectively do superconducting long-distance transmission.
1	But surely Google doesn't have anything to gain from me using Android, OK Google, the Play Store, or gather my information
0	All the big casinos went solar. How is Wynn and the others not fighting for this with their wallets
1	Thanks for pointing out. No
0	National boundaries on the internet for purely digital content feels so extremely backwards though.
0	It's good if Netflix doesn't get sued by companies who restrict where their shows can be streamed.
0	It's not that studios are unaware of that but they are still making a lot of money from selling their content in each country individually. Actually the people that pirate content are the most unattractive consumers anyway as they seem to care a lot about the price.
0	Exactly and some people think they have they right to do so because they don't have normal access.
1	He is right you know, I personally once owned a piece of technology that completely fell apart, and it happened to a friend of mine too. So you see, it does happen!
0	It takes a backpack to carry a couple batteries with you? Lol not really an inconvenience
0	Somehow, the Note 4's 5.1.1 update broke Twilight.  RIP little buddy.
0	So your view on coding is more lines equals a better program?
0	They tried for 5 years to work with Apple to go through the appropriate route, they weren't left with many options
0	They mean that it became available in 2015 without requiring a jailbroken phone.  You probably know this already, but they took advantage of changes to xcode, and iOS 9, that allow the sideloading of applications without a developer account (which requires a $100 fee annually).
0	Classic Apple.
0	I've always heard that apps make a lot more money on ios than android.
1	Apple? Stealing technology and acting unethically? this is  unprecedented!
0	If sales continue, we'll at least know they're backdoored, regardless of whether or not they let us know.
0	So then the issues comes from the entire permissions module not being handled by the sdk/api calls so devs have to manually program in what to do I failures? I mean, that sounds slightly odd they would not have forced failure instances by default in the past.
0	About damn time android joined the rest of the world in the 21st century. Their permission model was a joke pre-marshmallow.  And I'm saying that as someone who published a paper on android permissions and analyzing malware on android apps stores
0	If you're only rooting, not flashing another ROM, then no. (A ROM is basically a customized version of Android; rooting just installs a program to gain root (admin) access.)
0	It will, it was a sell point for marshmallow.
1	"The idea is noble, but we shall see if anything real comes out of it. Watch GM cons government out of the taxpayers money once again as they invent ""self-driving"" cars.. Just like they invented ""electric"" car Volt!  That runs on GASOLINE!  No.. it's not a hybrid if it uses one energy type at a time!"
0	Not that crappy, Android got most of these features a few months ago.
0	That can't happen forever though, eventually there will be no jobs left.
0	The good news is Sanders' hair is already white, so it won't get much whiter than that.
0	Wow, I can see people raising so many pitchforks to all of those solutions... This is gonna be a huge problem.
0	I wonder if working from home, and work automation won't offset this a bit, though. McDonald's is already testing automated restaurants, so that's an entire category of jobs that may not exist in a generation. Many jobs like computer programming don't really require being on site any more.
0	"Since your seemingly have such a strong opinion in how it would be a good idea please list the pros and cons on how it's so great... And please keep in mind all facets of reality... Not just ""advancements in automatic technology = good"""
0	I'm sure they will simply add a special fee or tax to driverless cars.  Sort of like what California did to people who reduced their water usage because of the drought.
1	First obama is trying to take our guns and now hes tryna take our cars too!!!
0	I mean, cars already have auto-breaking and collision prevention mechanisms to help with this.
0	And barely 5 years older than Trump.
0	You should jump ship anyway if you have a compatible phone. I'm paying half as much as I did with t-mobile, and I get better coverage since it piggybacks on both tmo and sprint.
0	This was pretty much my realization. I'm not disappointed that I purchased one, but I really don't use it that often.
1	Yeah this guys right theres only like 6 people in the state of NY that have internet access and only 3 of them has ever heard of Amazon
0	they aren't afraid of encryption, they're afraid of mass adoption of encryption, because they won't be able to scrutinize (basically unauthorized) use of encryption, which is *easy* to identify when everyone else is using clear text.
0	I have a Yi and it is awesome. Plus I buy all my accessories from China too instead of buying the same thing with Go Pro on it for 5x the markup.
1	Oh boy. Another internet related thing herding its bunnies back into their hutches... Corporations are such good friends
0	And great customer support and warranties.
0	Because being paid to promote comcast on social media is a soul crushing job.
1	And then if you upgrade to DOCSIS3, you'll be more likely to break your data-cap and have to pay even more.  #winwin
1	That must be why Apple is in such financial difficulties then.
1	No, didn't you read the article, it said this connects to SATA 6!
0	"I went through this with time warner cable.  They didn't overload me with popups but they did blitz the hell out of my email.  One thing I will actually say in their favor is that they offered multiple links to modems I could buy myself if I didn't want to trade in the one I had.  Sorta nice to have like 5 links to amazon with the message ""these will work just fine"".  Also to give them credit, setup of a personal modem was completely painless and I didn't have to call a number or talk to anyone.  Now if you'll excuse me, I've said nice things about a cable company, I feel dirty and have to go shower."
0	Buy some lube. Much easier taking it in the ass that way.
1	Peakhelium is a myth! They've been talking about it for decades!
0	Without nations nor borders nor ideology.
1	Why focus on that when you can make a sensationalistic article!
0	They don't want to outright make encryption illegal. They want to have backdoors into the encryption software that is used.
0	What's true?
1	That's why we need fast lanes!
1	"What's a ""hard disk drive?"""
1	COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO HAS DONE NOTHING!!!
0	Japan and china are the worst, good thing America exists.
0	It's Cisco's failure to notify the consumer of the additional monitoring software. In the article, it's being claimed that they added this with the knowledge of it's intended purpose. That's the issue at hand. They need to first actually prove that Cisco knew the intended purpose of that code, and the failure to notify it's consumers of this.
1	Wait! I didn't pay my bill yet!
0	No, it doesn't. Helium is a noble gas and doesn't chemically react to the hard drive material. Hydrogen would. Plus hydrogen is extremely flammable.
0	nVidia drivers cutting corners? No, I never would have believed it.
0	DX12 is much faster than DX11 and all games that are going to be cross buy/play with Xbox One will be in DX12 like Fable Legends.  DX12 will most likely take off pretty quickly since it's what the Xbox uses and will make porting easier.
0	This doesn't sound very high tech
0	You can easily block telemetry via firewall if you're so inclined.
1	I swear the week before the new star wars my electrical panel wad humming the theme songs
0	THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE ANYTHING NICE!
0	Or you can stop fighting against unimportant bullshit and use the OS as intended. Or get a mac. Either way stop crying like a pussy.
0	"Read title.. Wondered ""what bloatware?"" read the comments and found out win 10 Pro doesn't have most of this bullshit so yay for me. Still wish I could choose which updates I want.  Fuck you MS for thinking I'm incapable of choosing what updates I require."
0	Had CenturyLink by Congress Park,  it was fast and reliable. I switched from Comcast. Comcast would slow way down during peak hours to where it was almost unusable.
0	Am I the only one who thinks that this could be used for good? Up until a year and a half ago, my parents were using a super old modem that didn't support newer standards. Their internet speeds were 1/4 of what they should have been because of this.
0	I did a bunch of research before buying the modem, and everyone said it was compatible with the DOCSIS 3.0 blast Internet. It is even on the supported modem list on comcasts site.
0	The name of this job is a 'Shill'.
0	Only until the next quarterly update and only on enterprise.
0	Yeah. This is a result of newer copyright laws that were enacted with the rise of online streaming. It sucks. Copyright reform is sorely needed today in the US.
0	"And some games have so much drm that it was easier to find a cracked version online and would share that version with all my friends rather than let them waste their money on unplayable drm locked ""legit"" copies (mostly ea games prior to origin)"
0	Every time I hear fearmongering about piracy, I download a movie.
1	If piracy didn't exist, Star Wars would have made $5 trillion dollars profit by now.
0	Thing is, 2009 is a very specific year because it's the centre of the 3D bubble. We had *Avatar* that year. It's the point where ticket prices were able to be higher. I feel taking this as a comparison of 2 years is disingenuous. (It's the same way people argue against climate change - pick the year with the highest temperature and report that temps have dropped since.) A graph stretching multiple years, adjusted for inflation is the most fair.
0	I pirated GTA San Andreas since the Steam version didn't support Cleo mods, and because I had it on Xbox, twice. I did the same with Halo PC and Custom Edition because of key server issues and the fact that I, again, had the game on Xbox.
0	Does F.lux have any possible avenue for legal response for this? It doesn't get more cut and dry than what Apple has pulled here. Block a product from developers and then release the exact same product.
0	HBO is twice the price for less then a tenth of the content. However you can just get it for a couple of months a year and binge the new seasons
1	Apparently it splits water and then recombines it to get even more energy than it started with.
0	Then don't see movies?  The quality of a product doesn't make you any more or less entitled to it.
1	I *deserve* to consume that thing you made.  I don't care how much money it cost you to make, or how many hours, days, weeks, or years it took you to make it.  I *deserve* this, and fuck you if you don't agree.
0	This is all about fighting declining pay-TV subscriber numbers in the face of just acquiring Directv. Don't want to look silly in front of the shareholders.
0	"""Seems legit."" - Lenovo"
0	So it has great numbers but fails when you're doing more than just dicking around.
0	"Oh really?  ""I should be clear that I have a lot of sympathy for libertarianism, and agree with it most of the time. (I do think that the government should stay out of activities to which all parties have consented.) "" -Aaron Swartz"
0	WHAT!?  Fuuuuck.
0	Shit crap it got me, and I thought I was ready. Will continue past a minute... wish me luck.
1	Worked well for Samsung Touchwiz
1	Wow it is almost like it might not be a good idea to use another persons website to share oppinions they don't like. Who could have seen this coming
0	Or have no other means of seeing the movie.
1	So does this mean all of your Facebook friends will know where your car is if FB implements this? Sounds like a jolly good idea!
0	I've seen this in a movie once. Kingsman I think it was.
0	Learn to wifi. Christ. Stop watching videos on cellular. Dipshit.
0	Everything he says is over optimistic. What ever time frame he puts out, multiply it by 2-4, and that's probably the real one.
0	Ever since I got a Pebble, I have not experienced this at all anymore
1	Seems like his guess is very well educated.
0	I was referring to the 3
0	Surprised it took you this long.
0	I own Bluetooth headphones and use them on occasion with my Thinkpad.  More often I use my MDR-7506s since they have better sound quality, no pairing system and no batteries to charge.
0	Why not use a news aggregator that is actually neutral, like google news or some kind of RSS aggregator?  You won't find unbiased news here because of the upvote system.
0	Can you name a site that is not and I am including NPR and PBS now also only more corporate conservative propaganda.
0	Thanks, just switched
1	We should just get rid of the government. Self rule is the only law.
0	Why go there when I can just go immediately to Reddit comments and experience the rollercoaster of debate?
0	I pay for Comcast and that doesn't stop it from being shit. Quality is not a function of a pay wall. Google works great, and is one of the richest companies in the world, but they don't cost a dime. Instead of Forbes and Fortune, which were the go to media sources of the 90's, I use Motley Fool and Seeking Alpha, which are free. The Motley has a whole set of great podcasts I can listen to while at work too.
0	Which is why I want to find some new news subs. Do you have any non default go-to subs for news?
1	Hating Micro$oft is still cool, guys!
0	Number seems low to me.  Most defense contractors, any military personnel with moderate security clearance, I could see lots of people signing an agreement to be watched because they deal with sensitive information.
0	Enforcement of J walking on the east coast is virtually non existent, so everyone does it. On the west coast, I've heard people warn me not to J walk because if you get caught its a $500 ticket. J walking is far less common in the west coast.
0	I'd prefer to see them take security seriously before handing them the keys to the castles.
0	I must, since I haven't touched one in five years or so.
0	you know what I meant
0	Exactly. This is something to just laugh off. Not something people should get upset over :P
0	Wtf? Why so many on a site that's likely to be left in the background and ignored?
0	You just have to click on the cheat sheet links at the end of the article.
0	Ha. So you're saying the literal simple act of looking does not harm? Just the things that come after the looking? Seems pretty impossible to me to separate the two. Hence, the looking is illegal.
1	I want 4K video through my phone to my 400 inch TV. Fuck you T-Mobile for making me see pixals!
0	Good advice
1	So the FBI is serving child porn. It's bad enough the NSA has the largest database.
0	Not with the improved Apple Maps app in the new iPhone 6S!
0	OP is from America, their fiance is from Korea. OP lives in Korea now, and visited America for break. OP is ashamed of America as their home country, since none of those things happened to them in Korea.
0	I moved to T-Mobile from ATT due to ATT's bullshit unlimited data throttling. Coverage isn't the same but I don't have to worry about slow data speeds.
0	This is not bad for people who only get 2gb plan and not lose it all watching videos. They are basically offering free bandwidth instead of taking your 2gb watching a single Netflix movie.
1	No, not at all.
1	"""Our face is being an asshole, let's show it whose boss by cutting off it's nose!"""
0	They are throttling the free bandwidth they are giving you access to but not the bandwidth you pay for. If you don't want to be throttled just used your own bandwidth.
0	or it ends at a node they can't reach behind like a hotel wifi  server or college server.
1	Reddit has links?
0	"It seems like just about every TOR ""hack"" by LEAs has involved either poor OPSEC on the part of the participants (e.g. using TOR but then exchanging clear-net email addresses), or individuals who for some reason allow scripts to run while they're using the TOR browser.  The strategy seems fairly straightforward and doesn't change a whole lot."
1	Nope. Just keep throwing people in prison until they're busting at the seems. That will fix the problem. Somehow.
0	water... like, out of the toilet?!
0	Downvote is used for shit posts like yours!
0	But they do identify and listen until it's known there's no criminal involvment of the 2nd party. In this case, they were tracing traffic to the known criminal host server, but an incoming server contact most likely wouldn't be charged unless they accessed or added illegal content. If the Feds used a hack to verify contents of the 2nd party's computers under one warrant, I would agree that's pretty fucky.
0	Well in our defense this is Engadget who in my opinion tie for second in click bait titles with gawker behind buzzfeed.
0	If you were smart enough to engineer something like those, would you put the time, effort, and money into it if you knew the design would be stolen by some Chinese company and sold for cheaper?
1	That's why the price was so high! They will be making a killing in the medical market!
0	What really surprised me is that the Marshall's name was Lynzey.
0	This. And if your bank is good to you, they'll limit the overdraw to far less than what you were keeping in there.
1	Maybe we should give the telecoms more money.
0	So there's an option to not allow your account to be overdrawn from your bank? So if I transfer it to the account then to another account, they can't pull money out of the transfer account, putting me in the negative?
0	Yea and in the future I don't think there will be many 'dumb' tvs anymore without the apps.
0	"I think an argument you may be missing is why T-mobile is categorizing ""music"" and ""video"" as a category at all.  This perhaps sets a dangerous precedent risking internet become nothing more then TV and entertainment 2.0."
1	So you are stealing from her? Nice one
0	You're wrong on this one, but upvoted anyway because ... ramen.
1	I think they were thinking inside the box for this
1	But it sure does make them look like they care about the consumer first and foremost!
0	so you can either watch a short ad that really doesn't bother you much, or pay for a subscription.  Contrary to reddit's belief, shit isn't free; someone has to pay and ads are the most convenient way to provide free services
0	Yep, it has now become a technical term in professional IT security environments.
0	That risk could actually be greater with a modern storage device like an USB stick, where it is ridiculously easy to infect its firmware with malware.
1	I work for a big federal agency, we love IE here, can confirm.
0	In this case, the small ones can adapt quicker than the big ones.
0	Everybody knows somebody like that, who's always out of cash by the end of the moth.
1	Better get your tinfoil hats ready and switch to Linux
0	Only took them 15 years.
0	It's a reasonable comparison, a large bird vs. a medium sized quadcopter, when it comes to mass, kinetic energy, and threat to aircraft.
0	Guilty until proven innocent unless it's you, right?
0	Protip: it's not and it's being abused like nobody's business just look at the recent article from Google about the sheer amount of automated requests they have to process. An abuse report of any kind should never be automated it needs to be hand verified to discourage abuse and punished by fine for falsified or excessively unsatisfactory requests.
0	If you used Bing, Microsoft collects data even when you opt out of data collecting.
0	If people would use their toy responsibly, it wouldn't be an issue. But since they can't seem to keep them out of controlled airspace, or airspace where things like firefighting plans are flying, the government decided to regulate them.
0	AKA the facebook-o-scope
0	If hobbyists were smart, they would quit bitching about this, and get in front of it with good regulation initiatives. These drone aircraft are rapidly far more capable, intelligent, cheap.
0	You can disable individual apps to be ignored when auto updating, if that makes anything easier for you
0	You have to make agreements with media companies (or what it's called), that's why not everything is available in some countries.
0	haha they are so proud of the increased use of Bing
1	Because it's Linux support, not the price, that's going to kill the Oculus hype.
0	It's definitely less evil for individual applications and more evil for platforms and Operating Systems.
1	But Canonical isn't a giant evil mega corporation
0	It always cracks me up when the M$ crowd says Microsoft's dominance is because of marketing. Have you *seen* this stuff?
0	OK now I know you're tripping, T-Mobile doesn't do contracts...
0	tl;dr people are too dumb to use technology
0	You should invest in a nice electic toilet seat. Wash and dry your bum all while being heated so you always feel like someone was there seconds before you.
1	2016 is finally the Year of the Linux Desktop!
1	66 out of 67? gee, what a failure
0	Oh god, I can hear that voice in my head.
1	Well there's your problem. You're full of shit!
1	If I punch your head, and your brain deforms, is that plasticity?
0	Baby wipes also completely fuck up your plumbing system.
1	Who would have thought that practicing at something would make you better at performing similar tasks? AMAZING!!!
0	Not Sudoku.  Crossword puzzle, maybe.  Maybe.
1	How is that any different than how car/house loans work now? Nobody seems to have a problem paying for a car for 5 - 10 years but paying for a phone for 2 years? Outrageous.
0	Honestly, that's two more than I received. The other person I share an account with received nothing either.
1	Yeah, but what has NASA ever done for ME?
1	I'm not worried. I'm sure they'll offer an adapter for $39.99.
0	Yep, i have unlimited and found it was enabled automatically.  I turned it off yesterday.
1	Don't you know that machine learning is completely false? There is no way in hell a computer will be fast enough or smart enough to run an algorithm that could differentiate such traffic.
0	well shit now I have to decide if i want ok youtube and unlimited netflix or great youtube and very little netflix
1	Definitely it makes more money for them since now video streaming doesn't count against your data means TMobile is not paying for it either
0	"Not to mention a lot of our major breakthroughs came from the military. ""Can't kill anyone with this, but maybe you civvies can find something cute to do with it."""
0	This is such an uneducated, bullshit post. They're not NOT charging you for streaming video or music; they're definitely still charging you a fee for a data plan. What, you want them to charge EXTRA to stream? THAT is against Net Neutrality.
0	There's a reason for this. Streaming video takes up a lot of bandwith. As a mobile carrier, they have a finite amount of spectrum they can use, and cannot simply build out infrastructure like most wired ISPs to increase capacity. The only way to do that is to build additional tower sites, which is *extremely* expensive. So they need to manage the bandwith they have. If they didn't, Binge-on would result in about 15-20 or so people being able to stream video smoothly, and everyone else connected to the tower getting absolutely nothing.
1	Plus constantly having to explore for new fossil fuel deposits is a risky, politically sensitive business. So you spend a hundred million dollars finding oil in South America, that's nice. Do you invest billions only to see the energy industry nationalized and your infrastructure taken from you? Do you drill a giant well and risk a spill, the fallout from which slices your company in twain a la BP? Do you fully and successfully develop the well just to find that, on completion, there's an oil glut and nowhere to store what you're making? Sounds like a fun business.
0	802.11ad is a little old - I think at least one year old.
0	"Very much so. That was the original issue of why they could not ""optimize"" the traffic. Decryption of SSL is still possible, depending on what youtube is using though, which is why I still listed it."
0	*More* of them.
0	Something the fossil fuel industry needs to do with solar and other renewable energy startups. For their own survival sake
0	I was counting just the main marque, since the Corvette and Camaro are Chevy cars, not the entire GM sports car lineup. Cadillac is technically GM the same way Scion is technically Toyota, so the count goes up to at least five on the GM side, with one on the Toyota side.
0	Well the thing is it doesn't matter what's good for those people. It's cheaper for the people who run the businesses. It's a prisoners dilemma. If every business said no to automation that'd work. But if just one does it, their prices will plummet and they'll run businesses trying to maintain the status quo out of business. They are saying it's set in stone because that's how the incentives of our system are set up. Businesses maximize profits, and in a competitive market that includes minimizing cost. Automation is coming, unless you want to eliminate free enterprise altogether, and we have to figure out how to deal with it.
0	Considering how big this industry could get, $500M is a good price for getting into it!
1	Sure they will.  When the politicians see how many jobs will be lost by going autonomous; they will jump at the chance to bury themselves in infrastructure debt with the long-term benefit of a smaller tax base and less jobs.
0	It's both, useful to end users to bypass and device encryption incompatibility, also useful to pirates as the only way to get unencrypted 4k content currently.
0	Assembled in the USA. It's different. It's the same thing for most gasoline powered cars as well though.
0	Alright, Eric Clapton
0	Apple vs. Apple Maps.
0	"People are afraid of ""radiation"" because of damage from nuclear bombs and stuff.  But it's the ionizing radiation they're afraid of, which has enough energy to strip electrons from atoms, causing chemical reactions which can do bad things to your body.  The only frequencies of the electromagnetic spectrum with enough energy to ionize are in the X-ray and gamma ray range.  WiFi uses radio waves, which are very low frequency and don't have enough energy to ionize."
0	Or just go to any number of existing, legit dating sites.
1	Stop blaming the victim.
0	It gives an estimate based on the current rates. Mine has never exceeded the range.
0	That's a point of view I've never before read. Thanks for sharing.
0	Not at all. But I don't get motion sick or seasick either, so that doesn't mean much.
0	"Depends if the logs are from a well architechted and flexible system, or from some shitty yet mission critical enterprise application developed by the lowest bidder and supported by a guy called ""Frank"" who you swear hasn't used a computer since the early 90's."
1	Just like the Metric system?
0	In unrelated news, the Japanese birth rate is expected to decline from 1.2 to 0.0.
0	Like almost all modern journalism, they fail to do any kind of real analysis. It's sad.
0	"Again, why buy an account to sway public opinion? I mean, do you really put that much stock into what a redditor says, regardless of their karma? I don't. I don't check a submitter's karma on a post to determine if it's ""legitimate""; when has karma ever been a measure of legitimacy? The whole point is there is NO advantage for a corporation to purchase an account - none. And the oft repeated accusation of such is baseless."
0	No shit, Sherlock.
0	It would appear that the person you replied to is not, in fact, AnExpertOnThis.
0	Hey! Did you just take his wallet!? He just took that guy's wallet! ...I think he took his wallet.
0	"All that matters is what sounds good to the uninformed in a headline. ""Liberals shut down encrypted communications used by terrorists!"""
1	Yeah, because there's no way to get data from point A to point B without the internet.
0	That's a paddlin'
1	But Muh Gay Weddings
0	it's not supposed to be punitive, it's probably calculated from damages.  though how they quantify the damages, I'm not sure.
0	OP might be running some ads on said article, but I'm not sure on anything.
1	Can't deny the presence of that triangle in the corner though
1	Thanks for endorsing their business practices and rewarding them with loyalty and more $
0	So is the top of the line Android device, although you are right in criticising the user for using the speed argument. Top of the line any brand will zip along great on purchase.
0	I've just uninstalled the updates for the memory heavy apps, like chrome. It seems to run better that way. Unfortunately it still says I can't download any apps. I don't have that many to begin with, just the basic ones. But even after deleting apps, removing updates, cleaning up the system, I still can't download any apps because it says insufficient storage. It really boggles my mind why this would be, if I made room for it in the first place.
0	Then at least Bill Cosby is safe.
1	Reminds me of those Jimmy Fallon videos where he goes around asking people to give opinions on made up stuff. Ignorance is bliss apparently
1	Isn't it better to do nothing at all for another 100 years?
0	The last class action lawsuit I signed up for took 10 minutes and netted me $20 about six months down the line.
1	Gas vehicles catch fire daily worldwide and remember it might have been far worse if it was a gas vehicle at a gas station.   You know because there's like gas and stuff.
0	Their forums are full of users wanting to downgrade because their device get slow
1	Because the warrantless spying stopped the moment Bush left office. OK.
0	They would be Republican.
0	Well they haven't really tried to yet so we honestly don't know.
1	There you have it, If the majority of the people do not care, then the concerns of the minority do not matter.
0	Actually it's made for the military/police/first responders for easy access. It's right in the description and name its for breaching.
1	I'm sure that getting that search warrant is going to be really hard too.
0	You didn't stay out of it.
0	'Terrorists?  .... I left the coffee pot on again, huh?'
0	Just let it consume you. It will be alright in the end.
1	I mean, can't they just Google it?
0	"I'm with you, but I'm saying the food that they feed to the cells would likely need to be plant-derived (unless the meat cells themselves can somehow photosynthesize), meaning that this product would approximately have the same ""ethical weight"" as today's soy-based meat substitutes."
1	The first seven will be on sale in 2016. They plan to make 13 more for 2017.
0	Especially that guy that left all the sandbags in the road.
0	If you believe that GMOs are inherently harmful, you need to change your scientific news source.
0	they say it can track all these things, but it definitely cant when the game is running
0	They also required the kinect to be connected originally or the xbone would not work.  It was only after the outcry they quickly backpeddled.  Because who thought it would be a good idea to have a mandatory internet and mandatory camera aimed at you all the time?
0	Nah. It might be because of rules in your country about foreign content being allowed. Or other content rights issues, like if the company or people that own the copyright for the content in your country may not give a service like Netflix the license to stream the content.
0	Oh yeah. A buddy got a TRS80. He was jealous when he sat and played Choplifter with me on my Apple.
0	Could this handle steam streaming at 1080p?
0	You can play DF remotely over PuTTy, so using the Pi to play DF in the living room while your main PC is somewhere else would work fine.
0	Hmm, is there a way to get 5.1 surround out of it?
1	His raspberry pi is a crappy YouTube update?
1	Yeah, that's a typical use case.
0	My first pc was a 486 sx, 33mhz with a turbo button. It was huge and expensive. Me, I'm very impressed with this!
0	Streaming media, browsing the internet. Most things a regular computer can do, but don't expect to play Fallout 4 on one.
0	We don't? What am I watching then? We have Oitnb and House of Cards. The new seasons are timed exclusives though and we get them (much) later.
0	Oh right, height not width. So DVDs are even worse than I remember? Now I know why HD failed to impress me when it first rolled out, my monitor had better resolution and I'd been staring at it for ~5 years already.
0	Thats strange. I can choose from alot of different languages for subs on Netflix Germany?
0	It has nothing to do with the law, this is purely a business decision, which I hope bites them in the ass.
1	Yeah, it's amazing how fast technology is improving these days. They made a boat float, that's amazing!
0	"Theres not even close to as many unions as there ever was. Union employment is dwindling and is ridiculously low thanks to Corporations buying politicians to try and destroy them. This whole concept of ""make yourself valuable and your employer will value you"" is a fucking joke. It doesnt matter how valuable you are. After 20 years of being valuable and getting raises companies will replace you with a college kid and teach them to do your job for a fraction of the cost. Loyalty and experience mean nothing to most emploers. They just want to find the cheapest way possible. Once they consider your raises to be too hgh an expense they throw you out. All your experience and value are gone because you worked your whole life and now they consider you too expensive. Read it however You want. I learned early on that employees are not valued or respected by MOST employers. They are expendable parts that companies use and throw away. They dont care about the employees, regardless how much the employee cares about the company. I know its a jaded way to look at things but thats reality in my opinion. So you organize and you use your power as a group to tell employers that theyre gonna have to share more of their profits than theyd like with the people that actually do the work to earn that money. Like I said, I did both. Id dare anyone to do my job non union and then do it union, and then tell me unions are bad."
0	Except in most countries that they don't offer any of the content, the local laws are often not really that harsh on bit torrent either.
0	PIA doesn't keep logs, so it's moot anyway.
0	Not really if you watched like so many others on an actual TV.
0	Ye ye. Hopefully theres a good alternative in like 2 years when it breaks.
1	We're doing God's work, giving American jobs to impoverished countries so they can be more like us uwu
0	This isn't news
0	I did not downvote you. Neither am i a pessimist. I just disagree with setting a specific timeframe on something completely unknowable.
0	Tempest attacks is a thing. Both sound and radio emissions can be used against wired keyboards too.
0	Spoiler alert: They find sharks live in the ocean.
1	Oh, you crazy conspiracy theorist!
0	By design that can't be done
0	Not even remotely similar.  This would be like asking you to disassemble your house and business systematically and hand the government the evidence that they seek on the premise that somebody who committed a crime one time was in your house.
0	Fuck your edit
1	Racist! Xenophobe! Consider those poor visa workers!
1	Ooh, one of the 97499459304530495238734023984720349 flavors of linux supports power options - well I guess all my issues are resolved!
0	This comment sounds kind of clever and maybe t's been awhile since I've taken high school English, but I can't think of any way that Apple is like an Orwellian government from 1984.
0	A lawyer argues that bad things will happen if the other side wins? Shocking!
0	*Willy hears ya. Willy dun' care.*
0	If you think im acting high and mighty because what i said got a bunch of fake internet points, then i think you need to rethink the situation. Fuckin chill
1	Don't worry, Feinstein's got us covered on this. She's going to ban encryption so that this never happens again!
0	Im gonna be honest. Vavle may have a good idea for Youtube. CSGO Overwatch, but for YT. You get a community of people who are willing to watch a video a day or something, there is no limit to how many can join. Some back screening to make sure they are honest. Then send any file to 3 people, if all 3 people come back saying its bad, then it gets taken down. if even 1 doesnt it stays up.
0	"I feel like this election will be ""would you rather shoot yourself with this gun or impale yourself upon this sword?"""
0	Yes but what happens to the math when you have to replace the battery due to age?
0	The Hackening.
1	That's exactly what the terrorists *WANT* us to think!
0	Why does headline say 'shooter' instead of terrorist?
1	Then we should start opening and scanning all snail mail because there might be something good there too.
0	Yeah, but they could totally index your life and better track where you are at at all times. Gotta lock shit down for your own citizens.
0	Pretty sure the windows lock screen ads from M$ are common knowledge now. Not sure it's even debatable that it's not happening.
1	It wouldn't get the keys to all iPhones. Apple can only *possibly* help on phones made before and including the 5C. Phones after the 5C along with the Mini2/iPad Air onwards had the secure enclave which even Apple can't help with. So buy a new phone everyone!
0	It's encrypted. So until it becomes unencrypted, the data is gobbledegook.
0	You do realize that Bin Laden probably didn't actually kill anybody himself....he used others to do it for him.
0	Confusing censorship of free speech with censorship of hate speech is a conservative thing.
0	I apologize *Politically Motivated* Economists hold sway in the government. Do you really think Obama would appoint an Austrian Economist or Bush a Keynesian (Greenspan was libertarian before he became more Keynesian)
1	Obviously the judge is an Android fanboy
0	This isn't about the information on the phone, this is about the FBI kicking open a door that they have no plan to ever close again.
1	Well they're just gonna have to pick themselves up by the bootstraps and get an education
0	Gas tax revenue has already been going down due to increased fuel efficiency of ICE vehicles.
0	Free beer tomorrow!
0	In order to generate sales numbers that will be worthwhile with the Model 3 and other planned future products coming soon, they will eventually have to move to a static inventory model where dealers/Tesla stores/whatever we call them will have keep a minimum stock of already built new cars. The current built-to-order sales method works for them now with niche luxury vehicles. Consumers won't be that patient with purchasing a sub-$35k-40k mainstream car.
1	A liar as well then.
1	Hey.  Don't bring your reasonable facts into a hate at&amp;t and love google circle jerk.  We don't need you logical insight.
0	These other guys' arguments ignore the fact that eminent domain requires full compensation for that value of the poles, not *just* the cost and value of timber but the value it brings to the company. It would be crippling to the city to try to buy them all.
0	What an absolute shitshow.
0	So if I wanted to get a new copy of Windows 10, it's free?
1	Those terrorists deserve the privacy of keeping their employers phones private!
0	I'm sure Apple wishes it was a watertight case but we're just going to have to see.
0	What a shit article
0	and the federal government could void all of apples patents and trademarks in the us and ban the import of iphones ipads etc as a big fuck you too buddy.
0	Sure, I get it. I just don't personally think attention to detail is worth double when a company like Lenovo has similar quality in their top-end laptops. To each their own though, and I would never disparage somebody for thinking Apple is great. :)
1	I think this sounds great, hopefully enterprise licenses are included, and will receive a truly diverse selection of advertising. There are many programs to pass time for grown ups too, I think they are called adult, that would be a good option to have for any business.
0	I remember Google was snapping up a lot of dark fiber when MCI Worldcom went bust. A lot of people at the time were wondering wtf they wanted it for, I guess now we know.
1	I'm glad the Republicans are blocking any Obama nominations now.
0	Could you name a case people don't like him for where his reasoning didn't involve the limits of federal power?
1	Im sure the consequences will be swift and severe.
0	At this point what does the FBI hope to gain from this phone? I think nothing, except the ability to unlock future phones.
1	I'm sure that it is written somewhere in the constitution which gives the authorities rights to backdoor any mobile phones.
0	Nah, that'd be Phil Schiller lol
0	That's what threw me off. What motivation would there be for a hacker, especially someone who just hacked you, to come up to you and tell you what he did. The story doesn't make sense really.
0	If you do something that requires privacy and end-to-end encryption, I hope you're using something like ssh/https on top of tor. Tor encryption is solid, it's just not end-to-end, hijacking an exit node is another issue, traffic has to be decrypted when it leaves the exit node.
1	Yes, because assigning thousands of tiny micro antennas to customers at a single location and streaming customers over the internet is basically like every customer having an antenna on their own home, right?
0	Unrelated? I was dismissing his affirmation that Apple is somehow concerned with ethical capitalism. If someone were to make the same affirmation about Microsoft, of course I would.
1	FaceTime Audio.
0	I found myself praying that first image was of Cook holding an iPhone Case.
0	"this might be pretty hard considering japan usually plays ""monkey see monkey do"" with the USA in terms of laws, with a few exceptions (cough censored porn cough)"
0	Yes, they also have (my opinion) amazing designed Smartphones.
0	You're right! Fuck facts!
1	Comcast has fast WiFi though
0	So... Google?
1	Legal justification? What's that?
0	"Direct X is an abstraction layer, which allows high level access to low level functions of the Windows kernel.  It was created by people with in-depth knowledge of the inner-workings of Windows and its kernel, in order to allow people who didn't have access to that knowledge to benefit from it.  A Linux ""port"" of this would have a vastly different back-end, since it would hypothetically be doing the same thing, but for the Linux kernel.  The closest thing is what Valve chose to do, which was create a wrapper to translate Direct3D calls to OpenGL calls."
0	Usually the conduits already exist so roads don't need to be torn up.
0	Serious question. Is there a paid version of Windows 10? I have no problem paying for my operating system. I use my computer for a lot of things. In my perspective, it is a good investment. I don't want an operating system that has advertisements. I also paid extra to have a Windows 7 professional (I needed remote desktop, 16+Gb memory, and few others). I probably won't upgrade till I can get a Windows 10 that doesn't try make money by annoying me.
1	but muh national security
0	The more Joe and Jane average people who switch to Linux, the greater the incentive for hardware developers to provide fully functional drivers for Linux, the greater the incentive for software companies to create a Linux version of their software etc. Eventually, there will be enough incentive for game developers to follow suit I would hope.
1	Ah, should do wonders for their already inflated property value.
1	Maybe the fbi should give them money to brake apples encryption?
0	Good, let me know when it comes to rural Maine.
1	People people people, they're not ads, they're exciting new ways for you to discover engaging content.
0	I wasn't referring to terrorists... I was referring to them being heavily invested in foreign affairs and making sure other countries don't attack.
0	Lolol congrats, troll of the year up in here.
0	Wait till you learn about the regulation on the production, distribution, and sale of alcohol. You're in for a hair-pulling treat.
0	I believe the existing laws have various loopholes, of which Tesla is taking advantage of them.  I believe most of the state laws protect a dealer's sales territory.  Therefore, if GM wanted to, at least in Indiana, they could open a dealership where it is not infringing on another dealer's sales territory.  Fiat actually did this exact thing in LA until they got told to shut down.  I believe the legislation in question seeks to close some of these loopholes.
0	I feel like the FBI will just make their own phone and give it away for free.
0	They've always wanted a lot more: 10,000 last year. Don't know where Apple is getting nine from.
0	The cost was estimated at $10B for every home in America.  I think the number is way higher than Google can achieve, but it's not like they don't have the money.
1	Yes,  but WAS IT REGISTERED?
0	"I'm on board with retesting everyone every X years. There are plenty of people who start bad habits later in life. In my town, the flavor is running stop signs. Shit is dangerous. Their excuse? ""Everyone else does it."""
0	That being said, the patriot act in itself allowed for very abusive tactics to begin with (e.g. holding people initially without telling them why for up to 72 hours, and then after that having a reason that even the holdee wouldn't know about) -- I could be misremembering that.
0	You know he wasn't involved in Windows 10, right?
0	Why can't the FBI just reset the phone's BIOS and pull an encrypted password by looking at it's filesystem?
0	Agreed. Terrorism is an awful act of course, but I really think the media blows it way out of proportion. The number of Americans who are affected by terrorism is miniscule. The media, however, benefits off of fear.
0	As an IT guy I have always thought that Apple needs to provide better tools to business to manage and unlock corporate phones. I have a drawer full of iPhones that are basically bricked because a user put icloud on it with their personal account and then left the company.
1	Your free speech zone is intruding on my safe space.
1	Google Fiber doesn't have the X1 Voice Remote?! Sticking with Xfinity then!
0	Yeah. You do that.
1	Advocating piracy. What a brilliant marketing tactic.
0	I think it was written by Snowden that this battle isn't about securing your privacy, but is about who controls the means to your privacy. Apple still collects a shit ton of information about you.
0	Everyone was siding with Apple, even Google/Android.
0	Thats prolly where the 99 dollar charge for prime comes in.
0	I already have access to HBO's entire library without Amazon's service.
1	Hardly counts as electronics.
0	No they want to ultimately lose the case so they can ram a law in Congress forcing backdoors on everything.
1	Because he knows most people give their private information freely.
1	you forgot:
0	It's not the text size that's an issue, it's the light. Even with changing the brightness down it still somehow affects me. Honestly, Idk if hwoever a Kindle is supposed to make it easier to read on would help me, but I've gotten headaches from reading a few too many stories on reddit. :p
0	You also can't buy gasoline on Amazon. But Costo doesn't stock penguin onesies. Tradeoffs.
1	Dr. King's dream come true.
0	Probably not, maybe a moral compass though
0	Welcome to democracy! Have you seen the Republican debates? That said, the DNC is a corrupt organization as well, although there is occasionally a modicum of substantive debate thrown in between softball cronyism in their debates.
0	If you pay them enough they'll reform whatever you want and maybe even cook you breakfast in bed.
0	I've bought things for less than that and had them shipped from China to the UK. I have no idea who is making money there.
0	I spend close to $10,000 and I've only had one broken item and that was caused by my mailman.  I contacted amazon support,  sent them the security cam video of my mailman throwing my package and they took care of the rest.  Full refund, plus they sent me another item for free,  and I had a new mailman the next week.
1	What EVER! I mean my Windows 10 computer auto-updates without me doing anything, so obviously Apple is in league with the CIA and has already given them all your texts!
1	Nah, *the United States is the single greatest nation in the past, present, and future of this world, and nothing anybody does will change it*
0	So does the FBI. The purpose of the FBI is investigating crime, not preventing it. This is clear when they would rather make millions of citizens more vulnerable to cybercrime if it made investigating slightly easier.
0	"too bad many items I have tried to order don't support Prime. Its like they keep dropping items so their market buddies sell them and are declared ""no eligible for prime"".  Well it used to be...  but not now"
0	Or an x509 signature. If it's cross signed, by say.. Verisign, you can confident it's legit. Just deploy a checksum inside an encrypted container and make sure the issued to entity is legit
1	because somehow the white male just happens to always be the best person for the job. Women and minorities clearly lack the talent, hard work, and skill of white males.
0	Why would you trust us?  Thats the last thing you should do. You should treat us like you would China.
1	Backdoor? It was the famous hacker group known as FBI wasn't it?
0	Security by obscurity at least helps against drive-by attacks. If someone wants to break your home-rolled website, they have to sit down and do it, as opposed to writing a quick scripts that breaks into all of the ones they can find with a certain vulnerability. (Okay, this is optimistic - it assumes you haven't done anything so stupid that a basic fuzzer cracks it in three tries.) Drive-by is done for fun or profit; breaking into your site individually requires much more.
0	What is the name for this level of developing?
0	They will do what they are told to if they want to sell cars in the US.
0	800 bucks? Ill wait for the price to inevitably come down.
1	The FBI? Lying to advance their agenda? Heaven forfend!
1	Yes, this is clearly only a problem in America. Doesn't happen anywhere else.
0	The government creates terrorists, then screams about the terrorist threat.
1	But the terrorists!
1	Why do you love ISIS?
0	"Here's the thing with ""government"" conspiracies. It's not the government as a whole. As a whole, it's completely inept. But *individuals* within that structure have always figured out ways to game to system and push actors in ways advantageous to them."
1	I can't believe you're exploring this tragedy to push the liberal agenda.
0	grabs popcorn.
0	Psst, get rid of the period between the last bracket and first parentheses. That'll fix your comment up.
0	This cannot be excluded.
0	Sounds like they have a warehouse of last-year's-model of a low-end phone and are simply selling them for super cheap. That's not sketchy. The UI ripoff is sketchy, but not exactly unusual.
0	The build quality, weight, size, display(which is a huge step up).  Look at photos of the Apple motherboard compared to the other manufacturers.
1	Excepet Bernie Sanders, right?
0	They shouldn't be able to do them.
0	What if we let all the candidates sit for the SAT test? Obviously they can't rank as high as someone who studied recently, but could anyone of them break 500? 200? It's just basic knowledge mostly.
1	Yeah but that's because they're going so hard on catching them.
0	Who is John Galt?
0	DEMOCRACY IS NON NEGOTIABLE
0	I think you're using words and phrases to which you don't know the meaning
1	Yes, less words more action
0	Would you mind giving a TL:DR. Wired would like me to pay to read their site.
0	Yes, I enjoy having GPS technologies, internet technologies and countless other things that in some capacity were initially pioneered to be used for some military tech.
0	People keep thinking that, but he continues to have supporters.  But this comment is just so anti-Constitution, you might be right.
1	But everyone opposing Kocks is against the letter K too.
0	Sooooo do I cancel Netflix or no?
0	Is there a joke I'm missing?
1	Didnt see that coming
0	Lol, I hope he does that it would be hilariously embarassing.
1	But let's blame the people whose goal is to further the value of their company instead of the people who are failing at their job of doing what's best for the country as a whole
0	I mean, a few million dollars means they barely care.
0	Nahhhh that's crazy talk. If the Internet age has taught me anything it's that every issue onto deserves 160 characters or less at a time.
0	That is a good idea, and it's logical that they would want to implement it after benefitting from corporate welfare for decades since the removal of it would help keep down any competition that tries to rise up
0	No threats, just a lot of hoping and waiting.
1	you see bernie sanders railing against the 1% is just like hitler going against the jews because minority
0	And you're free to try to make it on your own in that case, hard though it is. You're not fucking dead.
0	Man these guys seem like real Kochs
0	hahahahahaha I like you.
0	subsidies are intended to promote new technologies
0	Aw shucks! And we would have gotten away with it too if it weren't for that meddling judicial system! :(
0	"""Looks fine from our end"" =\= troubleshooting"
0	It would be funny if google tweaked their algorithm so that tubgirl started coming up when you google 'cybersecurity legend'.
0	Wrap everything in an american flag or in a child safety issue.
1	"So perhaps, you are suggesting, that this ""modified software"" that Apple is being ordered to make, wouldn't just be used on ONE phone after all"
0	I'll literally eat dog shit if John McAffee can break into that phone.
0	It's a lazy ideology that requires no thought, it's only keep everything as it was or make it worse than it was and claim it doesn't work as intended.
1	Just in..Antigun folks are using progun people, who use mass shooting to further their agenda, to further their own agenda
0	HTTPenis?
0	I seriously doubt it.
0	Leave it to Fox News to take literally the worst stance possible on this issue... or any issue really.
0	Nope, no they wont.
0	So can't they subpoena Apple for the contents of their email and apps?  Sounds like they are trying to get away with not also subpoenaing(sp?) Facebook and other sites for info and getting in with a devise that has the passwords stored.  If they break into the phone, do they have legal right to use the info they get from the sites they can now access?  Not sure if the in plain view of a search warrant suffices.
0	Which is why you back up the data and run the tests on it.
1	Yea but why is Apple protecting a shooter's iPhone data?
0	The government fucking loves those 200+ year old laws until it doesnt help them get their way. Then they change them.
0	Of course! The millons Apple spend on securing their hardware can be defeated simply by cloning it. Pack this shit up, we're done here.
1	What emotional tricks??? Enact Ashley's law today and never again will the police be prevented from accessing a kidnapped child's phone!
0	It'll be funny if we find out that the password is like 0000 or some shit.
0	funny; I visited their website just now and I **don't** have any ad blocker installed. It tells me to disable ad blocker irregardlessly.
0	Borow? Or burrow?
0	The Five isn't news reporting, but Opinion ---
0	"""hello this is microsoft support.  i have detected a virus in your copy of windows, er i mean IOS.  Yes a virus in your IOS.  Yes you can believe me, or my name isnt *John McAfee*"""
0	Because he's full of shit.
0	Not sure what kind of war a 532million in debt talentless overinflated egomaniac can inflict. Maybe, cry about them on one of his radio show invites to all 12 of his fans? Maybe he can drum out some war sounds on his wifes fat ass.
0	Yeah, but 16,000 a day is ridiculous, I don't think you could even back up a few thousand and do this in a day. The network wouldn't have fun.
0	No, he didn't think that two people of the same sex being able to marry was a right included in the Constitution.
1	If you aren't cool with unauthorized searches of your property you must have something to hide.
0	Yeah, i should probably have phrased it better. What I meant is that three guys doing something is better illustrated as a few guys. Several, for someone who didn't get the quantity, makes a picture of more than three. Maybe that's just my opinion, I'll keep the other post there just for all this to make sense.
1	Guys, maybe they mean non-government computers. You know, for spying??
0	What you have done is to trick microsoft
0	What else would they use?
0	You need to meet more Americans, mate. Many of us are extremely distrusting of the government and its overreach.
0	I have always hated on Apple. This makes me want to buy an IPod now.
0	Each company supplies methods of encryption for their phones. That said, a rooted or jailbroken phone can probably have other types of encryption applied.
0	"Great description, but it's frightening to think of the percentage of people who'll ignore logic and reason because of ""terror"". American culture has this crusader streak, and once it gets going, any talk of consequences is drowned out by the mob."
0	You haven't had any software packages break? We had a couple of weird issues and were a small company. Multiply our issues by 10,000 and that's what I'd expect the DoD to run into.
1	I didn't know that Apple owned Facebook
0	Can you elaborate on this more?
0	Where are the droves of democrats in opposition?  A leading democrat, Feinstein, is leading the current push to crush encryption for the public.
0	Air gap people!
1	I'm sure all of that metadata it sends back to Microsoft won't be a security risk at all. Microsoft could never get hacked.
0	Are you *really* comparing a company you don't care for to Hitler?
0	The problem is, it's irrelevant if they do, because when/if it's ever actually used, everyone will figure out what algorithm/bit depth to shift to that will render the quantum computer useless.
0	The FBI wants Apple to circumvent the code that locks and wipes the device after 10 attempts. If that is even possible, it would require Apple to break their own security and possibly violate breach of contract and FTC guidelines (among other things). They could essentially be opening themselves up to a multitude of lawsuits, and like Tim Cook said this would set a bad precedent.
0	FBI offices. Not real people
0	They obviously knew it could pop the error, so... yeah?
0	I'm going to guess English isn't this guys first language. Otherwise a good read though.
1	Get out of here with your logic.
1	NO WE DONT FUCK YOU DUDE
0	Don't be a simpleton, think of the greater impact. You really think Apple want to protect a terrorist? Come on now
0	No it's not. It's a middle finger to the idiots that decided to use a third party replacement instead of going through official channels.
0	He's not sure, but he's risking it anyways. Keep up dude
0	Only if they intend to prosecute. They can easily just grab the data they want and use it for other purposes, no need to bother some judge.
0	Good for Apple.
1	Yea I'm sure no Apple shareholders give a shit about the CEO.
0	Adaway exists and works very well. But its root only.
0	Actually it's pretty great
1	No way! All you have to do is randomly guess the right key on the first attempt! Easy!
1	You see! Competition is bad for business and this proves it!
0	Uh? Absolutely.
0	Inb4 Microsoft calls it a glitch in the update process.
0	And what expertise or evidence are you basing this assumption on?
0	What's your opinion on the issue. We know your opinion on *his* opinion and its probably not long now until you call him (or me) 'so edgy' but please, if you don't mind, what's *your opinion or any facts you have available on the topic.*
0	As somebody who develops, sells, and builds some of the largest supercomputers in the world, I really hope (unrealistically) that we are about to see a plateau. Deep learning  and AI scares the fuck out of me.
0	Yup. Didn't mean just a translation, meant an actual source.
1	Sure, but then how will this company make buttloads of money??
1	I just found that they have *every article I've published!* So *that's* why I've never gotten a single royalty check for my writing!!!
0	"""the internet's own boy"" is a documentary that covers it pretty well"
0	Now let's see what you'll do when people won't pay for your software because they cannot or don't want to afford it.
0	"It's not a scam, it's a validating service, to separate legitimate science from scam ""science""."
1	because they took a publicity stunt and actually treated it like a real thing..they were SUPPOSED to just keep doing what they normally do and feel good about that isp.
0	Since Putin wants a return to the glory days of the Russian empire it doesn't surprise me that STEM related information isn't being shut down in the anti piracy movements. After all the soviets were producing at one point 62% of STEM majors as their college graduate rates at the peak of the Cold War. I assume Putin wants to revitalize this allowing for the distribution of scientific information to be widely provided to the populous.
0	Then get a Fire Stick basic that doesn't have the voice remote or a roku.
1	I think it's disingenuous to assume I know what that word means. Who do you think I am, some sort of genuous?
0	\*she's. \*her.
0	while it is awesome to teach kids coding, it is hardly a 'foreign language'. Teach both.
0	Of course they do. but you Brits shouldn't let them!
0	Keep in mind Uber fully plans on getting rid of their drivers and running an automated fleet of vehicles just as soon as they can.
0	Neat fish sweater, kid.
0	They should offer the ability to learn speaking in a foreign accent too so that they can become CS professors.
0	No you won't. You're allowed to make personal copies of movies you've purchased
1	Will we get to know about Treadstone?
0	I managed to beat level 6 on my first try (probably some lucky block placement was involved). Nothing special happens afterward though, so don't bother.
1	Lol that technology wasnt even available in 1984!
0	And if all else fails, dismantle the TV and physically disable the microphone by desoldering it from its connection to the mobo.
1	It's just a good thing that the market still provides a nice wide selection of non-smart HDTVs.
0	damn, we're about to come full circle with the TV nonsense. Everything is just turning into different size smartphones, packed with bloatware. Now, its more expensive to buy JUST the TV without the bells and whistles. wtf
0	That article also doesn't say that it copies files. It says that it sends data *about* files like the name, size, etc. I mean, that's not great, but it's not exactly some kind of new and shocking behavior.
0	I always wondered why the govt gave a crap about upgrading TVs.
0	they said it's a 10-71
0	Damn good fight
0	This. Everyone here seems to ignore that prices will drop on everything as automation gets more common.
0	Why would the economic system *have* to change? If property rights remain important there's no reason the rich should share the wealth.
1	Good I'm studying to be an accountant
0	I was hoping it would have a ribbon interface like MS Office, much faster/easier to find things.
1	What???? Provide something that will help the employees and the company for free?  You communist.
0	I suspect there will always be technology that has some cost involved.  Even if money is obsolete there'll be stuff that's less work or resource intensive to fix than replace, even if it's just relatively big/complicated stuff.
0	Salsa? Do you want some fresh,  expensive high end brands? try the deli, do you want some spanish sounding brands? try the ethnic aisle, do you want the brands you see ads for on the TV? Those are on the chip aisle. Want the kind you make yourself? produce.
0	when nothing costs money, and everyone is equal, why would you steal anything.
1	But, socialism is the devil
1	well, we know that automation has led to a marked increase in lugury and the sharing of wealth and capital so far, so why wouldn't the trend increase?
0	Ok, then what's wrong with giving them a basic income and having them be mindless consumers for the gifted and hard working creators and businesses?
1	"#""Obama's America"""
0	pics or it didn't happen
1	Doesnt matter, google maps (arguably most pupular UI for gps) will just make an update which causes random freezing to occur again.
0	Explanation for those who don't watch ST? I'm gonna guess virtual reality.
0	There are a lot of biological reactions that happen when someone feels pain.  Programming a machine to receive a signal telling it that it should be in pain is far from the same thing.  It's like a car that can tell you when your tire is low.  It knows it's low, but it doesn't feel it.
0	As if managing the phone ads isn't any work.
1	but... but... The scientists should be compensated, that's what copyright laws are for.
0	Maybe we'll be able to read it, once Hillary outlaws encryption.
0	How does that have anything to do with falling back to password once the TouchId is compromised?
1	HEY...Hey...hey...I need my Fluttershy.
1	And after he committed suicide, the prosecution was angry at him for denying them a promotion by way of death. Am surprised they didn't sue his estate and take his money.
0	This guy is correct. Aws is insanely compliant to all different types of requirements. Mainly lead by Netflix's move to aws for those systems that need to be compliant.
0	Wow, thanks guys.
1	It's ironic, people on google not knowing what happens on every site google links
1	No, he was just bullied, harassed and zealously prosecuted by federal authorities with the promise of jail time. Clearly his suicide had *nothing* to do with the mental toll of that, right?
0	Well I mean it's legal to do it because the researchers literally pay them to do it...why would that be illegal?
1	You're right. When I'm shopping around for my academic papers, I always make sure to buy my favorite brand.
0	But nothing is ENTIRELY funded by one source of funding.
1	What's next? Free college?!
0	What stuff do you sell, and what price
0	Do you need an account to play on private servers?
0	Netflix like you to share your service.. You can have different profiles.  Doesn't matter that you log on from different IP at all
0	It is in my case. I use both multiple times daily, and NFC was samsungs selling point.
0	I pay like $9 a month for HD Netflix.  Seems WAY easier than pirating and dealing with all that crap.
1	That however is not Netflix fault but the other license holders in your country. Blame TV companies for restricting the content, or blame those who watch TV and hence feed these behemoths of social injustice
0	LQ? SQLI?
0	Far more than it would cost to simply have awning on the side of the road suspended above the road doing the same thing.
1	r/hailcorporate
0	"They needed a Harvard study to tell them that ""encryption is a global phenomenon""? No, seriously, what the fuck? Is this a troll post?"
0	As much as I hate windows 10 don't go making claims like that without backing them up.
1	Well if Harvard says so, I am sure the GOP will stop trying.
0	Wait.. Harvard needed to study to figure this out?
0	Right? Most terrorists haven't ever encrypted their texts or anything because they don't need to. We're wasting resources trying to stifle personal freedoms while doing nothing about the actual threats.
0	Right, but this isn't even science.
1	"*""2+2 is... shit, the cops!""*"
0	Honestly that is the stupidest concept I've ever even heard of, banning encryption. Which idiot who doesn't understand encryption pitched this to the senate?
1	Another news -- Russian government accepted 95% discount on windows licensing from MSFT.
1	Can't the TPP take care of that?
0	It used to be that exporting encryption was illegal (ITAR). Now it sounds like that there are those thinking about making importing encryption illegal. How times have changed.
0	nothing says sales boom like the US banning something
0	Poor headline. It wouldn't be the first time a stupid or ineffective prohibition law was passed. I enjoyed the article, though.
0	Even if he did, at one point that *was* enough for anyone.
1	"So you're saying that support for Obama is not based on any  ""psychological mechanisms""? Wow, the American people must be so enlightened."
0	Lol what? Just about the only thing they do track is spotlight searches for web suggestions, online voice dictation, and (obviously) anonymous error reporting.
0	I live in a town of 30K,  on a Friday night there two cab companies in town that operate and each only has 2 or 3 vehicles.  It absolutely sucks when you are counting on a sober ride and end up needing a taxi at bar close.
0	Is it really bizarre? How many people who aspire to get into politics pursue a STEM education? The people in congress are there because that was their career path. They studied political sciences because that's what is expected.
0	Yes, that is covered in the article.   This is a different group.
0	But now that you're in the top plan you don't qualify for any introductory rates anymore. You can hustle Comcast for about 3 years, then they stick it to you. Solution: order service under your roommates name and cancel yours. Rinse. And repeat.
0	"""if you choose to turn the feature on"" It doesn't say it's always recording."
1	this is what the EFF, Snowden et al keep saying, but encryption enables terrorists to kill cute kittens and children OMG!!!
0	disabling it through that weird app thing is literally the same thing as disabling it through the application settings. I don't see how that's only figuratively true.
1	Cool I love an electrical car because I don't need to fill it up with gas .... wait, I need to charge it.  No big deal ... wait .... electricity costs more than gasoline.  No big deal if the car is much CHEAPER than my gasoline car.
0	Not surprising
0	It seems to me that millennials may have a facebook, it's not their primary anymore.  It's kind of like a landline that you keep around because it's still useful sometimes.
0	That is completely untrue. They are less interested in my subreddits than in my facebook data. That's exactly what I said
1	What, you don't have the internet memorized? Noob.
0	You should try AMRC. It's by far the best iOS Reddit app.
1	No back doors guys but Apple should totally leave the key under the mat at least!
0	On mobile?
0	I'd say it's a good thing. Good bye car insurance, hello manufacturer liability.
0	You can stream that show. You don't need to download and store it in your drive.
1	"This is a great bill... you can tell, cos it has ""Freedom"" in it."
0	Format Linux, obliterate BSD, incarcerate UNIX, ignite Haiku, emasculate OS2, vivisect CP/M, DDOS DOS,
1	It's what our founding fathers wanted! Why do you hate America and enjoying shitting on the constitution!!!
0	I think your definition of 'strict fiscal conservativism' looks a lot different from what the republican party demonstrates that they think it is
0	I stopped using it around 2007.
1	I am 100% certain if you plan a terrorist attack, encryption begin illegal and a potential arrest for using it scare you off
1	If they have to waist their money on stupid things like business expenses how are they going to afford their hookers and blow? The plebs just don't understand the challenges the elite have to face.
0	That's really not soon enough.
1	But money is speech. You sound like a damn commie!
1	The constant reading and writing of porn files will degrade a hard drives performance and reliability thus considerably shortening its lifespan.
1	State funded...hmm i thought only commies did that
0	Are they actually expanding though? Seems like they broke expansion promises a lot in the past.
0	We have title II for the Internet
1	What do you mean? Google+ is the amazing tool that lets me use my YouTube account!!
0	Their obsession with making things thinner has reached an absurd level. Why do they keep making *iMacs* thinner? It's a desktop. Give it some space so you can put better components in it! And thinness has really gone too far with the MacBook. One connector and really distressing benchmarks for a *$1300* product? Too far.
0	In other news; everyone stops clicking on Wired links.
1	Ohhh noooo... What will I ever do without my Wired articles.
0	And ShadyAds R Us determines when people aren't around so they can rob houses.
0	Yup.  Rather than get better, it just gets more weird.
1	I hated Apple before it was cool.
0	Aside from what someone else already said about FireWire, saying what you said there is like saying it was stupid for Apple to remove the optical drive from MacBooks. Well I've never needed to use an optical drive since I bought my MacBook (along with most other people) so Apple aren't looking so silly now are they?
1	Obviously you're using it wrong.
0	To be fair, it costs me less money to not visit their site when malicious ads install malware and ransomeware.
0	Because she killed Tupac.
0	I had an HTC Touch Pro with this. Other than the headphone adapter and Windows 6 it was a great phone.
1	Back to The Verge then!
0	OK BYE THEN
0	People who don't think for themselves won't just begin doing it on their own though would they? Telling someone to think for his/her self is like nudging them in the right direction.
1	"But how can all this compare to you being able to flash yout spanky iPhone once in a while? O, this feeling of belonging to the cast of ""cool people""!"
0	"This and the facetime thing are the dumbest ""pro iphone"" arguments. Like, they're pretty solid pieces of hardware, but god dammit it's annoying that half of their social apps are locked down and incompatible with the majority of the handset market."
0	Yeah, i am pretty sure apple is going to have to back pedal on this one. delete the update, issue a new one, and recall/patch affected devices. the the US might faff about on this one, but i think the EU in this area has stronger customer protections and will not be fucking about with them.
0	"You can brick an iDevice with compatible but ""incorrect"" battery replacements as well, at the same step the TOUCHID check occurs at."
1	They've already stolen the next gen plans from the Germans.
0	Facebook doesn't work that way.  If you tag a person in a photo, the person has to be a Facebook member, and unless the option has been manually disabled, you get a notification that you've been tagged in a photo.
1	Yes. Millions of poor people could have eaten those likes
1	Damned proprietary Blu-Rays!
0	I use VLC because codec packs are fucked. If you need to install a codec pack from the Kazaa days to play a video on your computer, someone (you or the person that encoded the video) is doing it wrong.
1	Get out of here you filthy peasant! We are celebrating 15 years of VLC, not some sort of optical media.
0	Hence why it's free.
0	Out of the box
0	Any wrapper for mplayer is better than this garbage.
0	Oh ok then, ON TO CLEAN ENERGY MY FRIENDS!!!!!!!!
0	I'm sure that's a legitimate source, but my comment stands - before it went into widespread use diligent and targeted studies should be done.  Nothing wrong with cautious fact-finding.
1	Did they learn nothing from Spiderman 2?
1	HEY SHUT YOUR MOUTH MURICA IS THE GREATEST NATION IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!
0	Show us _one_ such metric.
0	"So people's brains are adapting to shorter attention demands and higher simulation. That's what the author is suggesting. No need to ask dumb rhetorical questions. Want your old ""smarter"" brain back, simply stop using new tech and go back to the library. The brain will adapt back to what it used to be."
1	Ahh yes. We should follow China's lead on that as well. The shining beacon of privacy rights
0	They already have!  Quite a many few different somethings in that category in fact.  Isn't the future just amazing!
0	they've doped 6% in value thus far
0	Ha this guy.
0	Sir, I like the cut of your jib.
1	Don't you know that correlation equals causation!
0	What a terrifying reality :(
0	What 900 year old politician thought this one up?
0	By compensation they better mean full refund and a car that will actually pass a smog test.
0	Is your VW spewing out an illegal amount of emissions?
1	Yea but they're putting in a filter for free, what more could you want?
1	let me just make internet illegal
0	So who will call this non-white woman a racist and misandrist for it?
1	Just me, or was that a tough article to skim?
0	your bank doesn't have 2 factor? mine has 4 different codes/passwords it asks for
0	So you prefer the alternative that someone can swap out your finger print scanner and get into your phone?
1	But it has cracy in it! It has to be good, cause you know what else has cracy in it?? Democracy!!!!!!!
0	Really, because I just went to the VPN company's website in the article and found no such evidence of this kind of marketing.  All I found was a service that, like Paypal itself, merely could be used for illegal or shady activity.  The difference here is, I could only say there's the possibility and perhaps the likelihood that both legal and illegal business is taking place on the VPN service while I know that both illegal and shady business has been conducted using the PayPal service, and not all of it by PayPal themselves.
0	Point taken, either way I've spent the day changing my passwords etc.
0	yes, but the data is stored somewhere in the phone. Why don't people just take it apart and get at it?  There are a lot of ingenious hackers and electronic technicians out there.
0	What? TouchID doesn't boot the phone. You have to have the phone on to even use it.
1	And the phone waits until the next IOS update before it detects that there's been a change.  So bad guys could only get a few months of fingerprint data.  Good security!
0	So Apple is using ransomware? Pay up so we give you your data back? Hahaha, what the fuck.
0	It's not bought with paypal. That makes a more easily seen paper trail. Most people buy in cash deposits on LBC
0	Why do you kind of trust apple? They and every other cell phone company are with out a doubt handing over every last bit of your personal information. They helped build backdoors for the NSA and can and will use your phone to record video and audio, even if your phone is powered down.
1	Yeah, because trusting a 90 year old guy to deal with the internet is the way to go
0	Just because people should have backups as a best practice, doesn't make it ok for Apple to destroy knowingly and willingly destroy all of a customer's data.
1	Yes, They needs those pennies. Their repair department is their bloodline, they need to protect it !
0	Yeah, so you're in a major metro area where you're guaranteed to have good service with pretty much any provider. What I said comes into effect when you're out in more rural areas.
0	I upvoted you on one account, and downvoted you on this one.
0	"Because the next step is ""pay us if you want your website to be fast for our customers,  don't pay us and we make it load so slow it's unusable"""
0	Rural America. Verizon beats them all by at least twice the coverage area. If you can't get service at your house you don't use the carrier.
1	Shhhhhhh. I can't apply to stream from my own personal server this is clearly attack on my rights
0	Well, you can't press charges to begin with. The DA can.
1	but...but what about those anti-virus monster cables
0	Sorry, my stock reddit response kicked it. I'm just one of the herd now.
0	Thanks for the insight!
1	Because fuck every country without an Apple Store, amirite?
0	Maybe the parts I bought where knockoffs then, but when I smashed my back plate on my 4s I got a replacement. Same logo, same FCC crap.
0	Nobody in here is understanding the real issue which is that Yahoo hasn't fired enough cis white males yet! They need more poc womyn in order to sustain growth as well as a 5 year plan for finally defeating the patriarchy. I've been a long proponent of having more ethnic trans poc womyn hosting TED talks and writing think pieces on The Mary Sue but that's honestly only going to take you so far.
0	It does seem like overkill that you can't even make a phone call in order to get a replacement.
0	"But isn't the fingerprint itself stored on the logic board? Or is the ""secure enclave"" inside the home button itself?"
1	Ah yes, The Guardian, where I go for all my technology news.
0	Because fanbois
0	This reminds me on the xbox360 madness. I know people that bought 6 of them. I bought a PS3 at launch and I still have it.
0	That would at least be somewhat honest. I still think, however, that it will be completed sooner rather than later so they (GOP) can blame the unpopular trade deal on Obama alone.
0	Planned obsolescence
0	Back in 2007 Apple refused to honor warranties for any iPhone that did not have an active AT&amp;T contract attached to it.  It never said this anywhere in the documentation.  But they considered not having an active plan with AT&amp;T was a breach.  The article talking about it involved a guy who terminated his AT&amp;T contract after his phone broke but then when he tried to get it repaired they wouldn't do it.  Phone was like a month old.
0	You've got it the wrong way around, the F35 has been the victim of a smear campaign, one based off of interviews with morons like Pierre Sprey and other people speaking outside the field of their expertise. The costs are now on-track, with the up-front cost being about 100 million per plane (which, considering the capabilities, is a good price). The F35 is fine, it's the media that loves to slander it because stories about government waste and boondoggles generate clicks and thus revenue. Nobody reads a story about how good the F35 is, while people will read more clickbait about how jizz-summoningly awesome the A-10 is supposed to be, complete with the same old stories that aren't actually as impressive as they're made out to be, etc.
1	Yahoo makes a poor investment decision?   This truly is news
0	An enterprise user isn't going to mess with a company tablet and install a different OS on it.
1	This is great news, and right on time for those of us who cut the cord years ago!
0	"I have to wonder what devil is in the details...some kind of industry grab-bag, because, we haven't had any agency work ""for"" American consumers in many years now."
1	Yeah, because expecting a former cable company CEO to do the bidding of cable companies was *totally* unreasonable.
0	This would actually inspire me to add cable to the two other televisions in my house.
0	I'd assume it would be based on the area, ie existing caps or not.  Here in Chicago some of us have a competitor(RCN) with no caps, so they'd lose customers if they threw a cap on here.
0	The FAAs reach ends where Congress decides it does.
0	I am not going to read a tech article where the title does not even get what the product does correct. Malwarebytes does nothing at all against viruses, it is a anti-malware product. Apples to oranges.... and from a tech blog no less *shame*
1	Not true, senior citizens love them apparently.
0	Yeah, they still don't have a shippable version out.  They're still developing the core.
1	Just advertise through Google, problem solved.
0	Finally, Mackeeper can die a fiery death.
0	Some devices (like my laptop) won't connect to wired unless the wireless connection is turned off, have you made sure that the wired connection is actually being used?
0	"Nope, KB.....53. I google each update before I apply it now. There are some that are fixes to make the experience going from win7 or 8 to win10 ""smoother"" which I've also ended up removing."
0	"I wish more businesses would stop bending over for their customers. This is the equivalent of a business owner saying """"F**k you, get outta my store!"""
0	The article says Musk called him and then cancelled his order. Seems pretty clear the decision was made based on this convo that we have no info on.
1	Hmm..  I think the best thing to do here is ignore the past (and not read the article at all) and just form my opinion based solely on the title of this post.
0	Wasn't it the CEO who walked over the customer in this case?
1	Yep, get a used car, or a shill to buy the car for me. Good luck with that on a Model X. Totally a valid solution for the problem
0	Didn't realize I started spouting insults or anything but alright
0	I dunno man, I knew a guy who casually purchased one of those Mercedes mclaren cars. To get that you had to go on a waiting list for a year and then pay for it upfront. I think it was a $600,000 car. It was really nice but dude would drive it around town and on his farm. I can totally see someone richer buying a more expensive car pretty casually.
0	I think it's because it costs way more to build a Bugatti than they sell it for as new. So you could buy a Bugatti new and break it down into its component parts to make money, in theory.
0	Technically, every few years you have the power to change it.
0	I think he has every right to be pissed at Musk for not showing up on time.
0	"Not all, but certain high-end vehicles come with stipulation such as ""can't sell the car for X years"" or ""if selling, can only do so to the dealership""."
0	Headline is misleading, as other OSes which aren't Windows (eg: Linux) will still continue to work as usual.
1	What is that, they have a market of buyers who suddently feel like they absolutely need a gimmicky VR device
0	Depends how good of a shot you are.
0	Actually, Michael Scott would have been devastated at the thought of laying off any of his employees. He would have gone to David Wallace's house, knocked on his door, and demanded he reconsider. For as cartoonish as he was, he's the boss we wanted all along and didn't realize until the very finale of the show.
1	Welcome to 2016.  If you're a white male you are the enemy and should be ashamed and deserve what's coming to you.
0	the quality of the sucking. NOW with less teeth grind!
0	Yes it absolutely is
0	Fine by me. Reliable supply without the cost and problems associated with Big Agra? This won't replace the meat industry, it will *be* the meat industry. Perdue will just go from poultry houses to meat-brewing cisterns.
0	*rattles the pitchfork cage*
0	Wait, do you think self driving cars are a **bad** thing? Why?
0	No, bad, no circlejerking.
0	The first of something is always more expensive
0	I am interested to see if they can mimic the flavor of different cuts. The diet and activity level have huge effects on the final taste of the meat
0	good for india
0	Aand, re-subbed. They got the point.
0	Trademarks don't force people to watch your videos.
0	There's an app called Buycott that does something like this. You scan a barcode and it gives you information about the company that made the product.
0	Completely off topic, but your username is fantastic.. And made me laugh at the beginning of a long, dull workday. Thanks for that, BabyLauncher3000.
0	"No, you just need to put ""on the internet"" behind something that everyone does already."
0	Look! Look with your special eyes!
0	"Translation: ""I'm sorry I got caught""."
0	"See if that ""deal"" lasts longer than a year. They don't want you to leave, then WHAM! when you aren't looking, you'll be paying those high rates again. Gotta love Bell (and Rogers)"
0	13 million subs. I think they are still perfectly fine. The lost a million in a day but that has slowed down dramatically.
0	RAID 10 or more than one device.
0	That's incredibly unnecessary on *your phone* and while *SSL* and even *private browsing* is a thing
1	But mah google fiber
0	who?
0	Uninstalled it sometime ago and now have a phone that holds its charge and a life that isn't dependent on Facebook
1	Why that must mean the iPad Pro is better, right?
0	Delete Facebook. Increase productivity and happiness by 50%.
0	I'm not sure.  My VPN is PIA.
0	I'm going to trademark trademarking. That way, I can sue anyone who has trademarked anything.
1	So it only takes them 20% extra battery life to watch, collate, and catalog every action I take on my phone so they can sell the data? Big business sure is efficient.
0	I'd like to see how a self-driving car would handle in a level 4-5 crash event. I'm pretty sure this could be simulated. I'm sure we're a long way away from that if we're still talking about articles like this one.
0	Also, Facebook stopped development of Paper, only taking time to strip all the good features and add mystery bloatware. It WAS fantastic, too fantastic and people who knew about it quickly dumped the regular FB app, so they fucked it up. But yes, IOS only - but it's not a loss.
0	Fuck facebook and the looks I get when I say I don't have an account
1	Yeah Samsung should be allowed to stop you from modifying your property how you see fit.
0	S6 through Sprint - it cannot be removed without root. It can be fully disabled though.
0	If my galaxy s6 isn't rooted does disabling it work as well as uninstalling?
1	Could Facebook possibly be taking over your device's data for their uses while it uses 20% of your CPU/RAM's electricity? Never!!
0	Titanium backup without root can freeze (paid only &amp;  worth it)
0	It didn't come across as him defending them, but more as him questioning why some things spark mass outrage and some things don't.
0	Since you can buy views and crap, how is it known to be a actual count?
0	Apple isn't starting a community that needs apples to live on.
1	Chrome doesn't like anything except eating memory.
0	"I shouldn't be surprised that that works. I bought a tiny Win95 laptop a few years back, and got stuck at the login screen. I spent long minutes wondering how to guess or crack a 1990s password before I remembered you could just hit ""cancel"" and get in anyway."
0	The only real reason to do this is to set your computer's theme to Hot Dog Stand.
1	Lol you got me there!!
0	Those seats look awfully comfy. My bet is that all the seats get crammed closer together until it looks more like a coach seat than first class. Also tall people, fat people and older people are going to have a bad time trying to get in and out of there.
0	Ninja stars... duh
0	Let's make this the *Summer of George!*
0	I think it should be like email verification many services make you do. You click that you want to cancel then have to enter a code that is emailed to you to verify that you want to cancel.
1	Dude, do you even know what's it's like to run a successful ISP? Everyone knows that you're supposed to discourage use of the internet entirely so that subscribers are more likely to buy your TV packages and use cable again!
0	I will only buy a house with fiber options. I am not interested in using Comcast or AT&amp;T anymore.
0	Like Lee Harvey Oswald. Change we can believe in?
0	No USA would've existed if Europe hadn't gone out and explored the world. Stop pretending that you're the source of everything holy and *Free*^tm
1	But there's DSL... from companies like Frontier.
0	7% of 100,000,000 is enough
0	Still not enough to convince me to use Edge.
0	As if that worked out. They are so naive sometimes... By the way scripts can be executable, just not by default. But it matters little.
0	What was that? Oh. Must be the sound of /g/ exploding.
0	Has Anyone Really Been Far Even as Decided to Use Even Go Want to do Look More Like?
1	Don't worry, there's nothing you can do.
0	They want to make their container solution competitive with the entire market, so they need to support Linux.  That's my guess, at least.
0	That's the best argument you have?
0	deadmeme.jpg
1	As a zsh user, I was much more upset the implication that bash is *the* shell of the \*NIX world.
0	Finally, right when I'm switching to Linux too, I've been using it as much as Windows lately. I think this is bad for the free-and-open-source movement.
1	Capitalism working as intended.
0	so wine for for linux apps on windows?
0	Then you have no need for adblock, it sounds like.
0	I am honestly tired of hearing about all these amazing new next gen batteries that WE NEVER EVER see in production, EVER. This is like the 6th one in two years I have heard of and i am beginning to lose faith they are ever coming :(
0	If you had such experience, you wouldn't be able to say that, so I'm assuming you're just pretending.
1	Oh I bet they're shaking in their million dollar boots.
0	Collusion in an oligarchy, but at least you have 'elections'.
0	Especially if you're diabetic. The work of the Devil!
0	Hairy Cupcake
1	No government, just Government. Anyone who legally has that name
0	Hillary Clinton
0	Shame about the content variety though.
0	He's saying that the popcorn isn't really as profitable as you'd think based on the cost of popcorn vs what they sell it to you for, because movie theaters make nothing or even lose money on ticket sales. So the popcorn has to be set so high just to cover the cost of actually showing the movie.
0	That and leaving behind NN while they are at it. Hypocrites.
0	Good guy news site calling out news site ads
1	Why not telegram?
0	It's different in different fields, but even for those in the humanities (who see like zero percent of NASA money) their salaries are also a form of remuneration dependent on public funds, and so their research should likewise be open, right?
1	I think we can all agree that Tories are simply incompatible with western society.
1	BERNIE BERNIE BERNIE
0	Same as every other new media format: porn
1	The elite don't want you to have scientific papers. Because once the average citizen gets their hands on juicy numbers, it might collapse the bourgeois.
0	I'm hoping that Apple countersuits.
0	Or perhaps they've invented a new kind of battery with super high output and low weight. But rather than use it to make billions by revolutionizing damn near every industry, they're content with making ~1mil off of a shitty diving apparatus.
0	Yeah but holographic bathtubs tend to leave you not feeling as fresh
0	Found the post-it with the password they set it to in the first place eh? How.. fortunate for them.
0	Nice try, FBI
0	If the FBI can already unlock the iPhone without Apple's help then Apple probably already knows this. As far as I know they haven't said this at all and have acted as if the FBI cannot break in. I would agree that it's the FBI that is playing more games here.
1	"I'm confused as to Adobe is related to the world getting better.  I thought their motto was ""Be Evil""."
1	Just wait for Apple VR. It will be revolutionary!
0	Can anyone in ISP/network infrastructure tell me how many people a local cable company employs? Does saving/adding x amount of jobs for $100 million dollars justify a public investment into a private utility vs a public investment into a public utility.
1	Ha! So much for Apple trying to let the terrorists win!
0	Oh sorry my bad, I've never really paid much attention to java or javascript, I had just remembered reading about it some time ago, didn't realise they were really different.
0	comcast offers 16/3 Mbps for $69.99/mo in my area. I started getting huge packet loss and enormous ping times, and real speeds of about 7/.5. I called them up and they said they could upgrade me to 50/10 for only $89.99/mo. After the upgrade i get about 35/7.
0	Are you copying and pasting this response?
1	So that's what ADSL stands for!
0	It's free as in beer coaster. Useless unless you buy a beer.
0	Damn , pretty envy that they get to start off so young.
0	This is what DHCP reservations are for. Static is too much admin overhead and no easy way to track the usage unless you script something out or have a program like solarwinds installed.
0	Why not attack the cuts, rather than something great bucking the trend?
0	Or free from the kids who couldn't give a toss.
0	Man. What if AIs need to be coached offline by trainers for years before being released into the wild, just like a child needs parenting? A whole industry would spring up rearing mature AIs that could then be installed into different applications.
1	There is no way this will ever be abused by the authorities.
0	Journalism in America is as pathetic as the political system (most of the time)
1	Sorry I didn't know not being charged $14 a minute to use the phone was a *privilege.*
0	Most people seem to miss the point that prison is supposed to be about rehabilitation, not punishment.
1	Well, once you commit a crime you should pay 1890s rates.
0	Two bucks a minute is ridiculous. Just raping the poor some more.
0	Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi, you're my only hope!
0	Yeah but do you know just how more difficult things get when communications are down? Losing the ability to speak to each other is huge.
0	In the trash it went
0	Way to screw over regular people while doing nothing that will actually affect criminals.  Oh, wait, do I see the actual agenda behind this, to keep tabs on *everyone*?
0	Nothing that a fake ID wouldn't mitigate- this is a silly reactionary idea that won't have the impact intended.
1	Geez, we've got a ton of new legislation to write to prevent terrorism!
0	Huh, I'm pretty sure Romania doesn't care, but Singapore also requires passport, I thought they were alone.
1	Is that the Cloverfield Lane movie?
0	"The vast majority of bills that state ""Requires ID"" means ""Requires Photo ID"", and socials don't work to fit this concept."
0	Time to ban all the communications!
1	Sorry, but giving up those little conveniences is a small price to pay for keeping our children and families safe from the terrorists.
1	Yea! This will surely stop anyone from using it. I mean, would you use a stolen phone knowing it was *illegal* ?
0	"And the ""loophole"" is just a bullshit political talking point.  It isn't a loophole, and it isn't a problem.  Private sales between individuals do not require a background check.  Any licensed dealer must still run one, even if the sale is performed at a gun show.  The ""loophole"" argument is used by people with no actual knowledge of the laws to make it sound like a huge issue.  If there was a way to stop private cash sales, we would have already wiped out the entire black market.  A criminal is going to break the law anyway, adding another set of useless laws is only going to make it more difficult for the law abiding citizens to procure firearms.  The end goal of every ""gun control"" argument is disarming the public.  At least some of the politicians are honest about it.  It is the ones that boldface lie about it that irks me."
1	"yup, that 30+ year ""War on Drugs"" sure worked out very well, didn't it"
0	Sounds like a plan. All we need is a small (!) budget of $25 million and we're set. I've seen pictures of screenplays in the past, I think that's enough skill to get the ball rolling.
0	Flap Jackman, Dibs!
1	And now burner phones will have a black market. War on burner phones and the taxes we will have to pay! Sounds fun
0	or buy phones from Craigslist, or not use phones. Or use cheap no-cellular wifi-only tablets, or buy burners from china, or use fucking walkie talkies, or leave notes, or encrypted email, or any number of other ways for humans to communicate
0	I feel like The Onion should do this for April fools, write a bunch of articles that seem stupid but are actually real.
0	"""Well in this case DATE does equal 0 and is valid..... huh."""
1	The inexperienced candidate running solely on his speaking skill ended up losing control or was a part of the problem to begin with?  Who would have thunk it.
0	Fuck this country. The human race is so flawed
1	Basically, if you hold any popular opinion, go fuck yourself.
0	Let us all remember Hillary Clinton supports whatever her corporate backers tell her to.
1	Yeah! Vote for Hillary, she will restore our privacy!
0	He knows he is going to die.  Unless there is a dramatic shift of power in DC, they will kill him somehow.
0	I use AOL for my junk email and I noticed they recently finally enabled 2-factor authentication. Not sure if that is related but I was a little surprised.
0	Well if you have a lot of edge cases they're not edge cases, so that's the first problem.
1	Yeah fucking Google deciding stuff about Google products is ludicrous!
0	Tay did nothing wrong.
0	It's always the former staff.
0	Colossus: the Forbin Project
0	The science fiction section particularly frustrates me. Not only has it shrunk, but 90% of it are blatantly bad movies. They don't even have the Director's Cut of Blade Runner :-(
0	"I think the point was that the AI was designed to mimic the vernacular and verbal mannerisms of the millennial generation. Each generation has its own set of slang and style of talking. I think you're way off if you think this was made to ""trash talk"" millennials. I don't see it as a ""kids these days"" thing as much as a ""sound like teenagers"" thing."
0	Project much?
1	Plot twist: The robot just tweeted the truth that's why it had to be eliminated. AI is far more progressed than humankind thinks.
1	I'm sure I'd be happy to have these companies have direct access to my checking account
0	Serious question: Tay was obviously connected to the internet. Could it theoretically have transmitted its source code to somewhere outside of Microsoft's control?
0	And Joshua liked to play war games with his dad. Scared the nation at one point.
0	That is how maga magic works
0	risky click of the day
1	This is absolutely great ... after they do this we'll be able to buy them refurb'ed on all the sale sites!!!!!
0	Holy shit your comment made me roll.
0	This is the internet. What did they think would happen?
0	I agree, and I find the idea of applying gender to AI quite odd.
0	"""Have you tried turning it off and on again?"""
0	Debt is actually what you get when you don't tax enough.  Debt itself isn't a use of tax dollars.  Interest on debt?  Drop in the bucket.
0	Guys like you are heros, ignore these clowns they'll get what's coming to them.
1	Constitution shmonstitution. The NSA should just write a new one.
0	That sounds so simple and yet so amazing.
0	This is the most annoying mobile site in the world, hence the down vote
1	Paid for license to use it
0	"Unfortunately sounds like they could use some motivation. Is there anyone like the ""video game lawyer"" for tech? Legal action might light that fire."
1	but your not using the world's most advanced os
0	"""PCs can last over 5 years, that's really sad. Thank god our Apple product become obsolete after 2 years!"""
1	Yeah, you should at least drive a Bentley, Mercedes is for peasants.
0	Most of those screen replacement shops can also flip batteries out.  Should give him another couple years of life.
1	Looks like I'll have to dump my i7-2700k 5ghz machine with 2 480gb SSDS, 4tb of mechanical storage, 850w PSU, and a 970 G1 because it'll be 5 next year.
0	"My ""Early 2008"" Mac Pro is still kicking ass, thank you very much."
0	I'd use oldest primary component because if you have a brand new computer with 20 year old ran (I know it's impossible) you might as well have a 20 year old computer
0	Built my PC in 2011, still have not had performance issues.  .. i guess the keyword being *PC*, *ammirite guize?*
0	Shouldn't that be one-*downs*manship? ;)
1	Safe zone browser for when you are all triggered out for the day.
0	Why would one want Red Hat over Debian?
0	Ah, interesting, do you have a link, possibly one with details? I'm curious to see how they fixed it. Crippling AVX performance like they used to do on Haswell?
0	"I suspect it's just a different hardware bug. Haswell also had the ""AVX frequency"", which lowered the core frequency by some 300MHz when running AVX instructions."
0	I'm not him, but, 802.11n is significantly faster than my internet connection, so no.
0	Hey Apple - Being able to upgrade my old PC pretty much to today's standard in increments is a boon not a failing for the owner. But you wouldn't 'get' that.
0	nothing damaged AMD more than Sandy Bridge + their own Bulldozer fiacso. Shady practices had effect, but AMD was still doing well during those times.
0	"""French newspapers start getting significantly fewer online readers"""
1	GNU + Linux!.... Does that count as worshipping our lord and savior?
0	There's a difference between not understanding a thing, and absolutely refusing to learn about a thing. At the very least if you don't understand it, and someone who *does* is telling you what to do / how it should be done-just listen and do what they ask.
0	I have his autograph so where.   He did a one of a kind sketch for me....  Now to. Find it...
0	My meema always said, life is like a box of chocolates. You never know when you'll be bent over and fucked by the system.
0	From a quick check... desktop? The parent comment's laptop, which tends to be weaker than a desktop.
1	Well if you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear.
0	Assumed this when I head the news first thing this morning.
1	Our founding fathers did not mentioned encryption in the Constitution, so it is not an inalienable right!
0	America got to redraw the world stage and carry out a reign of terror for decades.
0	We did that case study in one of my management classes
0	"Holy hell, Facebook, just be honest.  Targeting ads based on ""ethnic affinity"", absolutely is racial profiling.  Whether it's meant in a benign way or not is a judgment call. But don't piss on our legs and tell us it's raining."
0	"""Some people like cucumbers pickled!"""
0	Nope, read his next post, 100% serious.
0	Try living some where that only has one choice. You need the internet for a lot of things and most people rather have internet than TV in this current generation. Hell most people work from home on the internet.
1	Command line prompts and AES-256 imply that you're a threat. You obviously have something to hide... TERRORIST!
0	Will be interesting to see if the FBI tries to use the Brussels bombing this morning as leverage to bring this back up. Just heard reference to it in an interview on ABC.
1	I hear you can even use an advanced hacker tool known as Tracer T to find out the addresses of everyone else using Google!
0	Ahhhh the old if you don't agree with me you are a brainwashed idiot
1	It's almost like journalists should consult independent unbiased sources in the security industry to find out if what they are reporting is true...!!!!
0	"""Homemade"" ie, disassembled and slapped back together"
0	If you can't remember what sales tax is, you got bigger problems.
0	I am so happy that my PDs technology expert is the states foremost expert on digital forensics.
0	Most certainly, I wasn't trying to argue against currency, just understanding that it is an abstract invention of society and it can easily be morphed into being primarily digital with mostly only advantages to gain from it once availability of digital devices able to connect to the internet reaches a certain threshold it is already nearing.
0	"Yes, one of the ""charges"" against Clinton."
1	The next step is clear, ban burner phones because ... terrorism.
1	But but the throwaway phones were encrypted!
0	They actually have. Drug courts are a rather new development relatively speaking (maybe around 10 years or so), and they've done well in keep low level drug offenders out of the prison system and diverting them to rehab or community service.
0	Not everybody travels
1	You mean the feds are just using terrorism as an excuse to expand their powers! They wouldn't do that, would they?
0	"""Marching"" with MLK has been proven to be meaningless to anyone other than white people that want Sanders in office."
1	Of course, how else could anyone be so stupid as to not support my candidate?
0	The only person out of both primaries to think so, so this, less foreign adventurism, and drug policy reform are the 3 best things Sanders has going for him IMHO.
0	3% of a 150,000 intake has a lot more impact on a business than 3% of a 1.5 billion intake
1	well that settles it we'll have to ban burner phones along with encryption
0	Like I said, I'd hope it works perfectly fine. It's not remotely old.
0	I'm not led anywhere. I can see it from where I stand. All you have to do is pay attention. If anything you have been led, you have been deceived, you have been sold this narrative of fascism simply because someone insists that the rule of law, the whole basis for civilization and equality be followed without exceptions for certain people, especially criminals and those who disregard laws.
1	No, that's racist!
1	"I disagree, ""some idiot"" is totally anonymous"
0	An arrest doesn't mean they are guilty of anything. If they claim or have evidence of illegal activity they can arrest, question, and hold the individual for a small period of time. Usually 24 hours or something close to that.
1	This whole 'total war' with trump they have is getting pretty intense
1	She seems like a really nice person though
0	It's not about defending Google, it's just stating the facts that the article wrote. Read the article and you will understand.
1	Yeah riiiiight, what's so secret about them anyway? We know they exist, epic failure
1	Thank you for contributing to the conversation.
0	So of the five window phone users this only really screws over like two of them right?
1	Maybe because the media has the narrative wrong and the FBI are indeed only focusing on decrypting a single device?  No, couldn't be, we need something to circle jerk about don't we?
0	Upvote for Mint - it's what I use for my daily driver.
1	Only criminals should be worried about their cars being hacked
0	How else is an authoritarian government supposed to keep its power?
0	Everything from Ray Bradbury and try Larry Niven's work if you're into hard sci-fi.
0	Some say members of the inner party can even turn the telescreens off.
0	In more ways than one.
0	Proud graduate of The Daily Show school of field interviews.
1	That worked well for rome.
0	Does AutoCAD and ArcMap work on Xubuntu?
1	Hey Microsoft. The Malware writers called. They want their royalties paid for using their invented methods to push Windows 10 out. If you don't pay, Cryptolocker will return.
0	If it's appealed then the fappening never happened and public figures can have nudes made public.
0	Mostly gangbangers killing other gangbangers and sometimes hitting innocent bystanders. Concealed carry will make zero difference on the overall rate of shootings in Chicago, one way or the other.
0	"Yea, this is very worrying. It basically completely negates the need for them to get a warrant because every situation can be deemed an ""emergency."""
0	Good. Let that be a message to paparazzi who invade peoples' privacy
0	It likely wasn't the sex part of the tape, but the part where he went on a racist tirade that did him in.
0	Buzzfeed actually occasionally has good news reporting
0	Harvey Levin is just another rich Jew due to others misfortune and exploitation.
1	But men hate women, thats why they want to see them naked!
0	Always happy to bring a little devil's advocate to a circlejerk. Most people don't appreciate it lol
0	..It can't be sexism, Hulk Hogan is white.
0	Double the award and make sure.
0	can we just keep kotaku, it might be a shell of itself but I still like its mix of content.  No other decent website covers the type of games, anime, japanese culture, and things that I want to read quite like Kotaku.
0	Safes are given a letter and a number code.  The letter tells you what it can *resist* (heat, explosives, etc.) and the number tells you how long in *minutes* it takes to pick the safe with hand tools (IE: lock picks).  The average bank safe is rated somewhere around a TL-15.  So yep fifteen minutes to crack and resistant to tools like drills, punch hammers, and other pressure devices.
1	Apple has joined the terrorist team.
0	You were gonna fucking automate everyone out of a job *anyway.*  How nice of you to blame it on the government, you *fucking piece of shit*.
0	Can you ELI5 how this is encryption is different from just having a password?  Or link to someone else's ELI5 on the matter?  Thanks.
0	The point is that it wouldn't be just one time, and it wouldn't just be the government that could use something like that. It's like asking to invent a thing that renders all doors forever obsolete only to get into one room.
0	"Didn't claim to know everything, it's really not that hard to do research with the whole ""internet"" thing. Is it that hard to believe once I started paying attention I did research? Look if you think Clinton is a good candidate congrats, definitely don't feel the same way. She is corrupt, she lies constantly, she plays dirty politics, she's a warhawk, and she doesn't seem to have core principles that guide her judgement, basically do and say whatever is personally beneficial at any given time. And while Sanders only hinted at these problems, if she ends up one on one with Trump he will hammer her every 3 seconds on corruption, and so far her best defense is ""9/11"" and ""Obama did it."" I don't think that's gonna fly in the general, and unlike Bernie I doubt Trump will let this topic **not** be daily headlines. If you think she's gonna walk all over Trump, you may have a big surprise coming"
1	Fuck what's written in the actual article, this is Reddit's chance to finally stick it to the Clintons!!!
1	Of course it's satire.  Hillary is as pure as new fallen snow and as honest as the day is long.
0	*M'leading title*
0	Correct me if I'm wrong, but we're talking about 12 billion dollars? :O
1	But look how secure her emails were on her private server.
1	"See, this is typical example of grass being always greener on the other side of the field. It was all the ""government has no control over corporations, corporations are ruling this country"" and when its finally reversed all of sudden, everyone got their panties in a twist."
0	She's literally winning the popular vote so far in the primaries, how can you even suggest she doesn't have supporters?
1	Site 9to5mac, trustworthy source for this kind of information.
0	Why block it?
0	Same here only I view it as exaggerated anti-Clinton propaganda. I still enjoy the show but the image of a sleazy, sociopathic, murderous, power-hungry Democratic couple bent on dominating American politics comes straight out of Clinton-era oppo research.
1	But they need to remove encryption to do that
1	Isn't the free market correcting itself?
0	They are bluffing like a mother fucker.
0	I'll build it, I'll build it!
0	I thought the cables were laid underground?
0	It's possible but no one is making and selling the hardware, and if no one else in range of you has it... you'd have to set up repeaters until you are in range. At some point the mesh network needs to be given access to the traditional internet backbone.
0	I have friends who live in Silicon Valley who get terrible internet speeds at home. I would never have guessed it, but apparently it's a real thing.
1	Gimme a break--robots? What are they ever going to be used for?
0	"""We need to check availability in your area, what's your address and telephone number?"""
0	This is like asking a bunch of people to choose 5 names, and then deducing that people like Steve more than Jeff because 75% of em named Steve but only 38% named Jeff.
1	OK you're right. Unbreakable forever and ever. We are all doomed.
0	What a bullshit conclusion. There are other factors in play. When you ask about quality of life, you don't think about bloody sunlight. That's just standard. You don't assume that'd even be an answer.
0	Would do it again &amp; probably will ;)
1	Nationalized health care will be THE most protected monopoly with the IRS then SWAT backing it up. Cannot wait.
0	"and it will just get worse and worse until eventually every cop car has a little machine you can plug a phone into that will dump its contents or unlock it while you are at the side of the road and the cop is looking for something to nail you to the wall with.  It will be sold under the guise of ""catching bad guys"", ""protecting our heroes in blue"", and ""protecting freedom"".  They will somehow twist the laws in such a way that a cop can demand that you hand them your phone so they can search it on the spot and either look for something to use against you or delete any evidence you might have against him/her."
0	"As a ""young person,"" I disagree."
1	Yeah but how can you reasonably expect them to take responsibility for the content they send you??
0	If John Oliver sides with Apple, then I automatically side with the FBI.
1	Only people using roads for illicit purposes will be impacted anyway, and the people overusing roads are ruining it for everyone else.
0	I meant they will be out of the country, and they wouldn't even have to bother with courts at all. Not that they have to now, its a moot point.
1	Because corporations apparently have much better ideas about how to use taxpayer money.
0	I would not wish that upon my worst enemy.
0	I'm sure he worked himself into quite a lather.
1	I support this plan. People shouldn't live so far from their jobs. I don't drive 300 miles a month so why am I paying the same as everyone else when I use the road less and cause less wear on it. Let the people who use it more pay more.
0	I know, but don't you wonder why? I mean, it's our default setting, but there has to be a way to get in there and rewire it
1	It's a fucking handout is what it is
1	Yay, my choices remain Comcast and AT&amp;T. Who knows how I'd continue to function if had more than two options to choose from?
0	Wow. The Tennessee lawmakers have no backbone and will bend over at the drop of a hat.
0	See Verizon abandoning their fios expansion as soon as it became apparent it wasn't going to make a massive, massive net profit.
1	Because people who dislike Apple are far more intelligent than your average idiot who gets duped into buying expensive Apple products. Clearly I'm above average intelligence because I dislike Apple and I NEED for you to know that.
0	I'm *almost* certain I saw this conversation last week, verbatim. Major deja vu moment.
0	I swear I must've been gone in Civics class the day they talked about secret courts in the Land of the Free, and the home of the Brave.
1	Secret courts are ultimate expression of patriotism, in my country secret courts sentenced to death thousands of traitors.
1	I'm not down voting you, maybe you should think about why you're not winning anyone over?
0	Life is too short to hate. It is ok to not love, but if you hate you have issues.
0	Yeah, they have a pretty decent marketing department for that.
0	The What That The What Says What Isn't What And Keeps What?
0	I would switch to google fiber if Comcast offered the same speeds for half the price. I'm fairly confident that that would never happen and sadly My city isn't on the list of likely google fiber roll outs, especially since we have a small local fiber ISP that is VERY slowly building out their fiber network. It'll be many, many years until they work their way out into the suburbs.
0	How is this the top comment? Did you even read?
0	You've got a valid point. The drive-in has died. I've got probably 10 movie theaters within a 30 minute drive --- I used to have as many Blockbusters too.
0	This would be so cool.
1	And just like when they were counting the useless metric of superdelegates, we all know we can trust the Ad-Company Google for honesty about our politicians, right?
0	Please Google fiber come to my house.
1	What, you think people have time to read?
0	all im saying is that when you compare pricing to the in-theater experience you are lumping in the cost of your dinner, but excluding it in the cost of the in-home experience.
0	Things like this make me feel like Congress members should have to pass a basic competency test on a topic before they can vote on it (yes I know the logistics and enforcement of such a rule are ridiculous). Simply put, if you don't know what you're talking about you can't make policy decisions about it. I mean, it's right in goddamn name! Net ***neutrality!!!***
1	But comic book, it's for kids!!!!!
0	Nice to see that mom puts boobs as worse than blood.
0	Hmmmm, fair point.
0	"Well, this is only really true if you're running the insider previews. Regular windows 10 sticks to sending diagnostic data, which can include data about the contents in memory up to the point of the application crash to Microsoft for analysis on how to fix the issue. By simply turning the value down from ""Full"" to ""enhanced"" you stop that much from happening."
0	Please read the FAQs for more information about this.
0	The FBI are full of themselves , Apple didn't create a device to prevent the government from having access, even with a warrant. The created device to stop hackers, which even you the FBI can't stop from hacking your own servers. Giving the FBI  a tool like this will be like giving every Hacker on the planet the tool directly because the FBI is clearly run and operated by fucking thugs, idiots and liars.
0	Im talking about online social media sites!
1	But if you have nothing to hide, why let the terrorists win? Surely Uncle Sam has your best interests at heart, even if those commie-loving hipsters at Apple don't.
0	Naw, all the SMS bubbles were green all the way back to 2007, way before iMessage was even a thing.
0	My concern is if they share non-conviction records.  I was falsely accused of a crime and all charges were eventually dropped, but said charges are still on my record at the RCMP. I am concerned that a border agent, upon seeing my charges, may either not see that they were dropped or may err on the side of caution and deny me entry. Then once that's in the US system good luck getting it removed.
0	Reason 163849593 why California should split off and form its own Nation State.
1	Good article, but it is the UK. They may be exiting the EU soon enough, which would mean the original statement stands
0	Trump would kill net neutrality.
0	How exactly is that enforceable?
1	This is exactly why we need to support a real conservative like Cruz!
0	Can't they wait till he's nominated first?
0	Are you, like, not looking at the first two digits of the year or something?
0	Trump's campaign is about to get a LOT of pizzas!
0	The premise of the FBI and the justice department using an active investigation to play politics with the american people is fucked up in the first place.  Much less on an issue they should have know damn well would rally people against them.  Phones are private as fuck, I get nervous when my best friend, girlfriend or mother wants to use my phone much less if the FBI wants a peek whenever they feel like it
1	Thank you for trusting the democratic process, Anonymous.
1	Guess the author hasn't actually read 1984.
0	"It makes sense, and he has a point. Who the hell thought it was a good idea for that guy to be driving on the highway when those guys shut his car off? The response of the hacker guys didn't really help either. ""Oh, uh..huh huh. He's, like, panicking"". Well, no shit."
1	Considering it is 2 years ago? Bush
0	They're in re-education camps, comrade.
0	New source for the karma train, w00 w00
1	Oh look, the government sides with the government. I am very surprised.
0	If I recall, CISPA was initially blocked, but was then later attached as a ride on to some NASA stuff that basically had to be passed.
0	Big Brother is watching you! Always!
1	Yeah mate. Surveillance only has been around since 2008. Thanks Obama!
0	Well, he has a name for that.
0	It's good to hear some rationality out of someone quoted by the media. Autonomous vehicles will be safer than human-driven ones. That doesn't mean we should prevent people who want to drive from driving, but we definitely shouldn't restrict deployment of autonomous vehicles for the people that want them. A lot of people don't want to drive.
0	I still don't think the interior is worth the price compared to a Benz/Audi/Lexus/BMW interior.
1	Corbyn's so unelectable, that means he has nothing of value to say!
1	Breaking news ! New supercomputer with a great new chassis can hold 48 CPU woo !
0	I recommend people lease, not buy.
0	Meanwhile I'm sitting here with my rawhide Fedora build thatsbso uptight on asking permission it's virtually imprenatrable
0	Implying that Pierre Sprey was ever relevant
0	Spoken as they run their main user as admin rather than using an admin account for permissions escalation requests  no less.
0	Well all the companies are American. No different then Canada or Europe both demanding things be taken off the net globally.
1	They're attacked less because who would want all those half-finished novels and screenplays?
1	Why don't you go join google?
0	$50 says I can decide on the next US president using cheat engine.
1	Don't interrupt the MS bashing circlejeck please. MS is utterly evil after all!
0	What they take out is horribly disproportionate to what they put back in.
0	Where are the people who normally say you're crazy for comparing America to 1984?
0	You define him as a Repub?  he is a Libertarian. He never grew up. But he acts outside the republican party as is not representative of it at all. So that proves nothing.
0	"Can we get a source other than NYT when this stuff is reported? NYT is not ""neutral"". The best they can do is hide their pro-government bias as best as they can, while still subtly supporting the government in their writing."
1	Shocking. Never saw this one coming.
0	Take the door off of your Mom's bathroom and then ask her how she feels about it.
0	"As a non-american and not really big on politics.....why is Bernie Sanders considered the good guy? Isn't he the same party as Obama so he'll just do whatever Obama's been doing or what Hilary would do anyways? Or is he only considered the ""good guy"" because of the alternative of Hilary and Trump."
0	That's the point. This mass misinformation spreading campaign all over reddit today is not helping anyone. We are r/technology and should be warning people and helping them restore, not perpetuating the incorrect notion that MS is forcing updates against people's will.
1	Well then you should just impeach them, or elect someone else duh. DEMOCRACY
0	God I miss Farscape... I need to go rewatch that whole show.
1	So all a virus has to do is fuck up some Store files to cripple the OS? Sounds totally safe
0	Are you me?
0	Nany state politician is against privacy, makes sense.
1	That door needs a master key to prevent pilots with bad intentions to lock out the other pilot.
1	Ssshhh... If you have Redditors look into North Korea, they may disagree on it being classified as dystopia because they have legal weed.
0	This is the kind of shit that frustrates the American left about Obama. Campaign Trail Obama would never be arguing against encryption; only President Obama would say that kind of garbage.
0	Well at least I figured out where the spades symbols come from.
0	Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the statement you're making is that *private speech is free speech*.
1	Sanders 2016.
1	"Common, folks!  This is just another ""common sense"" measure!"
1	What, your whole networking stack doesn't spew into a cpu cache RAM disk?
1	Law abiding citizens are law abiding until they do something illegal
0	All mail-in ballots must tie a voter to a vote, right?
0	You misunderstood what I said.
1	Because the government says it is
0	Your comment and the words used in it are exactly why most people never get into computer shit.
0	Whats everyones' deal with w10? Its actually a working, clean, more powerful system
0	Not just yet, but if my beloved XP Pro ever stops meeting my needs, I expect Linux will be my solution.
0	This is nowhere near as bad as running some random exe. I can go check MS website to see what these KBs are. An exe without published compilable source is so much worse than running an official utility to uninstall researchable KBs
0	I honestly think he lost because she was a moron.
1	Maybe we could use our secure phones?
1	There is a product that guarantees you'll never have Windows 10 install on your computer. Its called Deep Freeze.
1	Such professional journalism from that source
0	Downgrading*
0	Hypotheticals. We were talking about if Apple gets pressed to leave a back door open on the devices in other countries, those unsecure devices would end up in the used market. Buying new in the US (if we don't go that way) would be the only way to be certain you had a secure device.
0	So he's an enemy of the public, in the crypto wars. Such a shame that the first black president turned out to be such a fucking idiot.
0	The point is not what he lied about, but that he lied under oath.
1	But it's just one phone!
1	I am a good driver and I am polite on the bus.  No worries here, then!
1	If FBI wants such a compromised OS, why don't they friggin build one themselves and see how popular it gets?
0	What's with the click bait business insider posts today?
0	I think people need to examine difference between conservative and military industrial complex shill. Growing the military and intelligence agencies at any cost isn't conservative.
1	Because only the Terrorist do not want to be watched 24/7.
0	Americans don't want these jobs because they see them being outsourced why take the risk if you have to go in to massive debt for a degree
1	But the Government is your friend.
1	You're evil and anti-america.
0	You are wrong, and your stupid video is wrong. I work in the IT field where we are most directly affected and I have intimate knowledge of how the entire process works from the performance side. You do not get the best or brightest, you are lucky to get people that can even figure out how to use the restorooms without squatting over the toilets and that can log in. They need to separate scientific work from H1-B and come up with a new thing for that as it actually has intrinsic value, the other 97% of the H1-Bs do NOT and only replace local workers, not supplement them.
1	Oh my god but the OS is for dumb-dumbs! MY PHONE DOESNT EVEN HAVE A COMMAND LINE GUYS
0	W10 is in your update these days. So if you have auto-update enabled, it means that you have auto-install CRAP-10 .
1	Oh look at that, a single counterexample. That's it, everyone, capitalism won! The rich are all virtuous philanthropists now!
0	On the world stage? According to Fox News or  some podunk town in the US full of Trump supporters? I call bullshit on this.
0	Kind of like the Department of War was renamed Department of Defense just in time to start bullying every other country at the drop of a hat.
0	LOL, the vampire drain is higher than the energy used to move the car?  Get out of here.
0	Uuu stupid, uuuuu stupid. Why don't you fucking answer, pathetic imbecile.
0	Honestly it's people who don't even come close to representing their actual constituents.  (Unless the constituents of literally every politician are giant corporations and billionaires)
1	Um the parties are and forever will be static. The idea that things have changed over time is due to liberals revising history.
0	Then do it! Did you fail it, didn't you?
0	But if some EULA allowed it to happen, it's the consumer's fault.
1	Because it's FREE!
0	"Typically in the bar area. Even in high end places. Otherwise it is usually in places that really only serve ""bar food."""
1	Well, I mean, that 0.01% chance that i might be killed by a terrorist is enough for me to completely relinquish ALL my personal freedom. So, go ahead! Freedom isn't free! Right!? HAHAHA
0	Just read this for the first time a week ago, and it certainly sounds like Azad lite.
0	We're in agreement here, as a note you should also be weary of Manjaro, whose solution to forgetting to regenerate/renew their certs was 'set your clock back'.
0	Yeah, I've definetively decided to not get Windows 10 until it has removed that bs. And until some more bs is changed back. No matter if it's a free upgrade, if it's a worse option that Windows 8.1 Pro.
1	I don't know what they'll do without your software. I'm sure whatever you've made is integral to their business.
0	Makes sense, thanks for the correction.
0	But satellites are far enough away to burn up in the atmosphere upon reentry. Satellites kill you significantly less dead.
0	The name of Teslas battery factory... not only does it refer to the size of it, but also the battery capacities they are targeting, gigawatts.
0	at least 16 years of advance schooling
1	Reddit blowing things way out of proportion? Nah. That's impossible.
0	There are a load of people working for organisations with money who are shit at hiring.
0	They own alibaba?
1	And no professional photographer with an established client base ever started out on Flickr.
0	Absolutely.
0	Oh don't worry... I'm sure it's nothing... Go on about your day like nothing happened.
0	His car did not get remotely downgraded. He prevented it. However there was an attempt to do so.
0	It feels like we're living in a different country now. There have been sweeping and fundamental changes to our system which have been enacted in roundabout ways which subvert the usual checks and balances. The Constitution has been trampled in many ways (and I'm not one of these DON'T TREAD ON ME kooks, either).
1	That's true John McAfee can do it also in a second.
0	Wow, they will still sell iPhones in two years? Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thats a hell of a prediction.
1	But Paul is a neo-nazi white supremacist religious nutjob.
0	Terrorism, by definition, terrifies people.
0	I assume you're getting downvoted because you can't spell, but I agree with the libertarian party idea.
0	What specifically did the Patriot Act do to the FISA court?
0	Well yeah. Hasn't that been kinda obvious for a while now
0	He's just angry that GamerGate got banned off of 4chan for being too toxic and annoying.
1	But muh A-10
0	"More ignorant than ""The world we're creating for ourselves isn't worth living in.""?"
0	It's hard to ignore the **17 ads blocked** while reading this article.
0	And, as a Seagate will fail after about 3 months of use.
0	Woops! Just woke up in the bizarre alternate timeline. Sorry for the intrusion, people.
0	133,668 is an awfully specific number
1	Shit that's going to set them back.  Get ready for that big stock drop.
0	Having watched the last republican debate, I deem this scenario: plausible.
0	Nowhere in the article does it suggest that he claims to have hacked an iPhone. You just got that impression from OP's shitty title.
1	The Onion was never good
0	Yeah, that's not gonna happen. Google already has more information about me than I feel comfortable with. I really don't want google collecting data on every aspect of my life.
0	Yep. YouTube never reimburses loss of monetization while they're reviewing these claims which usually take months to address. The worst part is absolutely jack shit happens to the party responsible for the false DMCA. They don't even get a written warning. They're simply free to file their next false DMCA and so on and so on.
1	This kind of shit is terrible and way too prevalent when it comes to the gaming industry. But don't worry guys, Susan Wojcicki said she hears you!
0	Google arbitrates a lot of takedown request via TOS. If they were real DMCA requests, then I imagine there would be more lawsuits.
1	the spooks got to him
0	WITH EVERY PURCHASE
0	This is what's actually going on.
1	Why couldn't the FBI just use the alarm clock iTunes trick to get in?
0	Not if Bernie Sanders makes them first lul
0	They are just the big and high-profile ones. There tons of midcap companies like Asus, HTC, LG, Xiaomi, Foxconn, etc. who are just waiting for such an opportunity! Even in India, there are firms like Karbonn and Micromax who have built decent tech only in the last few years.
0	Imagine the uproar if someone did this to Reddit's darling Bernie
0	A quick search says it decomposes at 662F, so not exactly a worry in the kitchen. (And well, if something in your kitchen gets that hot you have more problems than the teflon)
0	"Not saying it is right, but ""lawful"" government intrusion is something much different than someone or some association hacking into a phone. Both reprehensible, but one has much more power."
0	I work in IT; this happens with frightening regularity. Lately it's been CryptoLocker and its copycats, which makes it even more fucking delightful.
1	It's important that this canned message goes right to the top of every hacking post ever on reddit
0	Huh. I'm a devops guy, but in a junior level position(I had more deve experience prior to learning system and networking things, but I love it). We've been interviewing a bunch lately, and our senior, more sysadmin guy(there's just been he two of us) always asked the three parts of a TCP handshake. SYN, ACK, and SYN+ACK. Your explanation finally tied it all together in a way that totally makes sense. I can't wait to go in tomorrow and ask more about it.
0	Technically, no. There's no personal info here, not even the messages themselves. It's just a report that it happened.
0	"In the same way as ""The 2 party system is broken, unfair, and needs to go.  Except when the candidate I sort of like is winning.  Then you're just a sore loser.  Fuck off."""
0	Damn you Aaron Ramsey!
0	As they should because of corporate espionage and dirty little secrets that need to stay hidden.
1	Yes, but history is over and we are perfect now, so there's no need for privacy any more!
0	Sure breaking a contract is felonies and deserve jail term as long as serial child rapist.
0	Or development of better encryption.
1	Good guy doing the Devil's work. Someone has to.
0	His death brought the issue he was fighting to light. Sometimes, you gotta martyr yourself for people to pay attention, and that's pretty much what he did.
1	But what if we want to air a commercial on a channel with a golf tournament?! We won't be able to reach the customer when they get up to go to the bathroom!!!
0	You're probably joking but in the event that you aren't. CYBERCOM already decommed anything before Win 7 unless you have it for standalone or set enclaves.
0	Naw, they took the shortcut.
0	And the answer from them is always probabilistic, you're not guaranteed to get the right answer directly.
1	Google + DoD. That can only end well.
1	One time pads for everybody!
0	"To be fair, the Wright brothers main rival ""Curtis"" tried to work with them numerous times before finally competing against them. The Wright brothers were very selfish in the fact that they wanted the exclusive right to build airplanes. Netflix has a pretty eye opening show called ""American Genius""."
0	Well I suppose it doesn't hurt to take a fresh look at things every now and then. Who knows they might discover something they've overlooked?
0	ATT needs to die a horrible painful death.
0	Even if it is true, wouldn't the best thing to do to a virus is delete it?
0	Right now I have my TV on, I am typing on my desktop computer and I just got an Alert on my Phone so technically I using my TV, Computer and Phone all at the same time
1	Yeah, refugees totally have the money avaiable
1	Surely a firepro is powerful enough to do anything on a mac?
0	Sure ya can.  Idiot
0	Viruses? No. Having your data viewable by more people? Yes.
0	Yeah, that touchscreen on the headrest in front of you? Dirtier than a hippie's taint after Burning Man.
0	No, the UN believes that allowing this to occur would do everything they said.
0	Amazon was one of the last mejor tech companies to even adopt HTTPS for its main services.
0	"Did you get ""AMD 700"" confused with a decent GPU too?"
1	Well it would put a lot of SJW out of work for starters.
0	Does the Kindle Fire run Android? What version of it is it running?
0	That random comment in this thread... is not quite so random because of your username.
0	"Why should their customers compromise? We're paying them for the service they advertised! If a higher speed competitor came to town and wanted to take all of their customers, do you think the competitor would compromise or say ""fuck you, give me everything I want""?"
1	What surprise Comcast
0	It's like they learned about business by watching Ferengis on Star Trek
1	Stop mansplaining.
1	All those Amazon Fire phones. Someone's gotta warn the 10 people that the security of their data is at stake!
1	"""Surprise!  Surprise!  Surprise!"""
0	They have an agenda however.
0	Storage offering is tanking as well.  They are way behind even the smaller players.
1	We'll be happy to serve you for a measly $350/month.
0	Put a different ROM on it, then you don't have to worry about Amazons terrible OS anyways
1	Not really surprised. What do they even *do* these days?
1	Saying good things about Apple products?!? Shill! Downvotes!
0	Also, the seller of btc is taking all the risk in accepting PayPal. The buyer can claim they got ripped off and totally fuck over the seller. So by buying crypto currency with PayPal you are paying extra for that risk.
0	"This guy was always thanking ""Helicopter Ben"" for that cheap (free) money."
1	EXACTLY I might stand to make twenty bucks if we can double the value of Doge.
0	Mombies = mom zombies. Women obsessed with motherhood, always trying to seem better than everyone else because they did the most common thing a living being can do, which is reproduction.
1	Hmm wonder why
0	Government at its finest.
1	"....yea, but then then the bullshit gets forced on the ""next of kin""....which is nice of the IRS to do for us."
0	It's like an xzibit meme.
0	"Never understood this. ""We fired the problem!"" (who reported directly to us, did everything we asked...) sounds like the tip needs to be flipped"
1	No. Guys, we should weaken encryption.  Trust the government with your data. They know what to do.
1	Well he did kinda look like James Franco, so probably wasn't water dude.
1	You're required to have an ID?  That's racist.
0	Anything in public is just that.  Public. Consent is not required.
0	Did he just made make a threat?
0	For me uBlock Origin worked extremely well.
0	It's possible that he was just checking to see if the software was on Pirate Bay, and had no intention of downloading it.
1	Uh, Limewire, duh.
0	Brevity is, like, so totally the incorporeal soul of anything that could be considered wit, which is, like, being clever and stuff.
1	Well, in that case, let's throw democracy out the window and use something else.
1	Feinstein wrong about something? That's a new one.
0	I like how reddit thinks that the government won't abuse their Net Neutrality powers even as it simultaneously tries to use every other digital think to spy on US Citizens.
0	It's also an election year.
0	This, right here. As long as the bean counters in these companies see profits exceeding costs lobbying and other crooked behavior nothing will change.
0	This is still a question?
1	Just let every company put up its own poles and let the free market fix the problem!
1	You forgot the red squiggly lines. How am I supposed to know where the sandbags are?
0	"""yeah things are shitty for the consumer, but we're able to charge SO MUCH for it.  And generate HUGE profits"""
0	How can we actually fight this and actually do something about it?
1	I can't imagine why anyone would be the least bit upset about legislation allowing someone else to come move your shit without asking.
0	he's going to win.  It's inevitable.
0	And those 33% of websites are using an outdated version of SSL
1	Who needs to be educated when you have money?
0	Mom's spaghetti?
0	Of course we are part of nature, but we are also the only life form on the planet capable of overcoming our nature.
0	Can it run CRYSIS on High?
0	I doubt Apple would hand over the private key they use to sign iOS without a fight.
1	Hey, NSA put a man on the moon, they can do anything!
1	Wait.. We still have a congress?? I thought they were on permanent paid vacation?
0	You mean like useless fingerprint scanners that give you the illusion of security?
1	But they said it was only the one phone!
0	What's your opinion on the work Koenigsegg does?
1	We shouldn't have to decide how to live our lives because the government from hundreds of years ago already decided for us!
0	They would pass bills like while dumping water on each other I get a million dollars for every gallon used.
1	You could hide a gun in your pants, guess we better ban clothes too.
0	My elderly neighbor had Tor on her computer. She didn't even know what it was or how it go there, or so she claimed.
1	Just what we need. Console wars on the PC.
1	Yes, because Google can totally be trusted to get rid of that data as soon as the project is finished.
0	Meh. Don't care. Gonna VPN anyway.
0	There are no pain receptors in the eyeball itself.
0	Well that wasn't very deep.
1	To be honest zero is a number. So they did reject a number of orders.
1	They forgot one important thing, it will bring back communism!
0	They usually just cut out some of the show, usually the intros are shortened and the credits are sped up. That gives most of the few minutes back to them for ads.
0	they can threaten all they want, they'll never win in court
0	The biggest reason I fear this is the FBI using a judge that always grants them permission or creating something similar to FISA, where they are always approved.  Regional Magistrates have different opinions etc, seems like they are just going to go to a favorable Magistrate every time now.
0	Or maybe a ticking sparkler.  Why is 100% perfect security in an iphone necessary?  We demand that level of security from literally nothing else in our lives (and certainly don't have it).  No one seems to be fussed that Androids and our gmail account don't have that level of security.
1	What, no death penalty?
1	I like the part where parallel construction made the jump from law enforcement technique to political technique.
0	What's the difference any more.
0	"I'm always surprised how entrenched companies bury their heads as technology and markets change rather than spend even a tiny amount of time looking to the future. Reeks of ""old white man yells at cloud""."
0	I think there is some historical evidence to support that.
0	They do. But it's not enforced at all.
1	They are. Didnt you see Comcast has an amazingly advanced voice search remote thingy. That alone makes it worth getting fucked in the ass each month
0	They used to. That was kind of the original point of cable vs over the air TV
1	No we do not get access to other peoples private information that's only for the NSA they deserve it they work hard for it gosh
0	I have slingtv and I get ESPN and ESPN2. $20 a month for my SO to get all the HGTV and Food network she wants, and we can watch the big games we care about.
0	I tried using cortana. It said it's not available in my country. I live in central fucking Europe.
0	Hahaha.... that kind of move is the same reason why I don't use Siri to search... useless results.
0	If you don't set up cortana at all to begin with the process isn't named cortana in task managaer
0	Do you want people to never use cortana? This is a great way.
0	"Which is really dumb. My grandfather had ""dragon naturally speaking"" on his computer probably 15 years ago, and it's capability and feature set seems about on  par with cortana."
1	they only do that so the next one will be better recieved
0	Phone? Why would I use Windows 10 on a phone?
0	Why?
1	Phhhfff, you don't take your gaming rig down the park? Filthy casual.
0	Fair enough.
0	Nope, I bought my copy of Windows.
1	You mean hard work?
0	"I'm not a fanboy. I just don't mind iTunes. Assigning people into tidy categories like ""hater"" or ""fanboy"" makes you seem small minded."
0	Lyft has tipping built into the app, I found that out the first and last time I used it.
1	But the terrorists might use it!
0	You call your Credit Card company and tell them you were charged by Comcast for services not asked for or provided and ask for a Chargeback.
0	To sync a music file you do.
1	Yes, no one is more interested in protecting the rights of others than someone who doesn't have them themselves.
0	They also weren't selling to the demographic the brand was created to target (i.e., young people).
0	I started trying to pick up Python but I'm not sure what its use case is. Also, do you have any small project ideas or sites to help learn? I tried code academy but died of boredom about 3 lessons in.
0	Suck my dick uber. This is why I always use lyft now, and if they choose to make stupid decisions I will just go back to cabs, where they are not so inept as to believe they have the power to rate me.
1	Because bitcoin is more popular and relevant than ever.
0	No, that just proves his innocence. If the app doesn't block him, he obviously hasn't killed anyone!
0	Are the electrical signals that leave the DAC in digital or analog form?
0	What about other Five Eye countries?
1	Solid arguement
0	I heard the same thing.  Glen Beck has not addressed this.  Probably on the advice of his lawyer.
1	Seems worth redesigning the entire content and user experience of internet use around.
0	Parents consent
1	Oh goody, that means I like Comcast now!
0	About fucking time! Seriously, this is way overdue.
0	Yea. $15 for a mobile port of a game that came out decades ago. No thanks.
0	Well that is their problem not mine. People get addicted to cheese burgers and ruin their lives over it. We accept this as a society for the benefit of having the freedom to do what we want. If you cannot control your urges then go to therapy or have yourself committed. The economy assumes you are capable of making rational decisions. Incapacity to do that is called being a child or mentally handicapped and having others make decisions for you.
1	"""It's okay citizens, the purps where just searching the Internet for somewhere to eat before the crash that killed 13 people, no crime here citizens go back to your homes and work"""
0	legally speaking, the parents clearly made a good point in the judge's eyes.
0	Well unfortunately this isn't an option on the Amazon tablets.
0	The kid was not in a contract technically. Like I said this is shady ground for the parents to roll with.... essentially they are stating they should not be liable for having to pay for anything their kid ordered in game if the play store did NOT list the game as having in store purchases.
0	If they don't will you still buy it?
1	Yes advertising is the only way to make money.
1	Because the NSA doesn't want it to be.
1	"Because this is ""such an entertaining election"" why would we want to get distracted by issues?"
0	Is joke, yes?
1	We're busy talking about where people should be able to pee.  BACK OFF!
0	"I totally agree. Like i said i myself am pro choicr but its because i dont see that as a life person. But if you do then i can totally see why u would think its wrong to :kill"" the fetus."
1	yay, more monopolies!
0	Please don't.
0	Because the media doesn't want it to be.
0	People still buy lottery tickets, too :P
0	Engineer here. We even saw this in the course about engines. Actually many people knew it.
1	Well obviously we should cancel this project because nothing has ever required software updates, change, modifications, or slight tweaking in the history of mankind.
0	lol, that's a good joke!
1	"Well, when he says ""Small Business"", he is talking about the local neighborhood Comcast Offices.  They are kinda like small businesses, right?"
1	And line the pockets of Big Reports? No thanks!
0	In many carriers in the US recently, your monthly payment drops after you pay off your phone. People are starting to realize what owning a smartphone really costs. It's been like that for a while in Europe.
1	I'm sure Kasich would be against this bill.
0	Hell no. You'd impede everyone. In the future things like traffic lights can potentially be removed thanks to autonomous cars, increasing traffic flow rate and efficiency massively. Sadly that can't happen if humans still want to drive
0	I sure don't see them innovating or anything.  Nothing really new, just rehashes of existing products.  They need to come on with a VR headset if they really want to stay in the game.
1	Ah, good, so only the Japanese air was polluted.
1	"""Both parties are the same"""
1	Because Charter would never try to alter the deal.
0	Okay you got me .. But I still got you thinking about it. Citizens are responsible.
0	not if they run out of money first
1	Correcting with speculation. Brilliant.
0	Mitsu has nothing on Honda. I went 50K miles with a bone dry transmission on my old Civic EX. Damn thing ran like a champ 'til I sold it and last I heard - 8 years later - it's *still* out there banging away! Park bench on the trunk and everything!
0	I loves me some yay control.
1	I don't know... I think the 30 second ads that you can skip after 5 seconds in which time the ad doesn't even state the name of the company/product it's selling are better.
0	Just fire the lying, piece-of-shit asshole.
1	On the bright side, at least it's not Comcast merging with TWC....
1	Nah. Complaining on Reddit is much more beneficial to the case.
0	*Lube sold separately.
0	Well... Who else can I go to for data without caps, my fellow seattleite?
0	Their profit has probably increased
1	Stop giving them ideas
0	The FCC will be mostly dismantled in 7 years. This isn't a win for anyone.
1	But if ad services can't install malware on my PC, how can website operators afford to operate their sites for free without all that malware revenue supporting their sites?
1	Implementing data-caps in a world where the economy is basically dependent on the internet and peoples access to it. Yep, that's a great idea.
0	I think they're hoping by then the FCC will have the authority to block it anyway, and then they aren't pigeon holed by a previous deal that mandates no caps no matter what.
0	Pfft. You over estimate cops.
0	It is cheaper for the first year or so, and then the rates bump up after that.
0	Libraries and/or post offices should distribute municipal broadband.
0	No. Microwaved pizza is terrible. A lot of pizza is good cold. No pizza is good microwaved.
0	Same here, I was paying $35/mo on TWC for the same.  Now I'm with WOW! getting 30/5 for $25/mo. $120 is insane!
0	Earlier this year I was told if they ask for my phone I have to give it to them by law. Is this true?
0	"Maybe you can take a ""live photo"" of the gif and save that as your screensaver in iPhone?"
0	Yes. Their half second to honk is worth less than the minutes to pull over.
0	Who cares nothing matters bruh
0	The worst part of people driving and texting is that the people stupid enough to do that are general pretty shit drivers already.
0	"""Ok enough I get it"" then delete your post dummy."
1	No bro, according to these guys, if you're going to text in a car, you need to be stopped, in park/out of gear with the engine off, in a closed garage with weights keeping the car in place. It's the only way you won't run people over.
0	This is my issue. It flies in the face of the idea of supply and demand. I will say we have seen a better swing in the FCC over the last few years, still not enough though.
0	Sad as it is to say, I just don't go anywhere much these days, so my opportunities to even do so are pretty limited compared to most I'd guess. I don't know what brings about the hostility either, and I don't understand why you disagree but on the rare occasions I am driving and happen to receive any form of alert, I leave my shit in the cupholder until I park. It's not really hard, and until a year ago or so I had a grandfathered in Verizon unlimited data plan that did not include text. This is also probably why I don't do it as much, I just never got into the habit the way the rest of my generation seems to have done.
1	We should strip them of their laptops and make their job harder to do
0	Well if you always have a turd then the color is all that matters.
1	And I watch every single additional ad they stuff into the extra time.
0	Someday I'll tell my grandchildren about the few years where net neutrality was actually a thing.
0	This is the tldr. the raw data is of the order of 10PB/year
1	THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!
0	If it's a marketing gimmick, they probably wrote the article as a press release or something.
0	The world has enough sociopaths, ideologues, prophets, and misguided do-gooders. I'm not going to consent to having one or a group of them push their shit or mine onto people who want nothing to do with it. Especially when people flock to them like they are an actual savior.
0	Why isn't Election Day a federal holiday? When I was a kid we got fucking Confederate Memorial Day off of school for crying out loud. A day to commemorate getting our asses kicked in the wrong side of a war.
1	Damn shitizens, trying to act like laws protect them! *insert maniacal laugh*
0	coughcough**placebo**coughcough
1	Yeah, they could totally do that. It's not like the NSA does anything
0	More like a lack of lobbyists holding his strings.
0	you went way too far to explain something to a guy who cannot believe that a politician said something right.
0	The NSA has pictures of literally everybody.  These guys have a power that NO ONE can be allowed to have.
1	That's kind of the point, right? Now those sites can save a *boatload* of cash on their server hosting and bandwidth by not having to support visitors who can't be monetized
0	"I have seen ""60 Minutes"" once in the past 15 years.  This was the episode I saw."
1	Wasn't that nice of them?
0	That's way too much work. You should just move on to a better site.
0	What?! 100,000?! There's no way that can be right!!
0	So that's a drone stuck in my tree?
0	If we assume a tiered model makes economic sense,  then it is desirable. If tiers make sense, the materials are what scale the price. In this case, tiers open the market up to people who otherwise would be unable to participate.
1	A battery breakthrough story? That *never* happens. I'm sure we'll see this new breakthrough in stores in no time!
0	And a supervillian is born
1	Nice, should produce great revenue for the state and lawyers. Exactly what we needed.
0	You can use a potato, and two rusty nails to power GladOS Why not a city?
1	These plastic bags are a serious threat to border security and should probably be banned. Or at a minimum, further regulations be put into place to avoid this type of aviation emergency.
0	Welp... it's Raccoon City all over again, gg humanity, peace out!
0	This makes me so angry.
0	MTV is dead though
1	But that's what they want you to believe man
0	If you support Sanders, at least keep him and Elizabeth Warren and Al Franken and maybe a few others in there. Don't throw the baby out with the filthy shitty bathwater.
1	you mean all those posts talking about how good this show is are FAKE? NO!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	"Heyyyyy remember how ""troll farms"" in Russia were a sign of an oppressive state?"
0	There are paid staffers on S4P
0	No it's not you idiot read a goddamn book. This isn't even figuratively Orwellian
0	Like Jackie Chan, only there are FOUR of him!
0	Well, China is pretty awesome. The PRC is totally tubular, dude!
1	Kaspersky is a propaganda tool of Putin!
1	Because in this great country of ours, every opinion counts.
0	The worst part is that these paid people could pose as Sanders supporters and post vulgar shit all over.
1	Marx contributions, you say?
0	Wow. I *would* have begrudgingly voted for her in November. Of all things, this just pushed me over to the Bernie Or Bust side.
0	The system is broke... like seriously broke... in order to run you have to be so far one way, that you are a complete fucking moron. Instead of finding common ground with the other parties.
1	She'll never leave Reddit!!!
1	No we don't. This is clearly a lie!
0	Is this a joke?
0	"There's tons of them. They'll usually have old posts from nonpolitical subreddits for a while, with minimal posting or a break for a bit, then all of a sudden they start posting pro-Hillary type of posts in political subs with terrible logic or tangents, or just deny things that are plain to see. Sometimes they're just very new accounts that are all pro-Hillary things. Or sometimes they'll be ""I'm a Bernie fan (but this extremely minor thing shows him to be absolutely horrible and I've lost all faith in him)"" Of course, you can't have definitive evidence for this sort of thing, and maybe there's a little overlap of people who are genuine who fit this profile, so can't really call them out as an actual shill, it just looks conspiracy theorist-like."
1	Or you know you could smoke weed and party while working on a start up with some of your friends with the potential to make millions. But yeahhh they really know how to sweet talk the best of the best into an enticing position
0	"""A whole 56 signatures??"" - King George upon receiving the Declaration of Independence."
0	Yes: clear and present danger or extremely time sensitive matters don't require a warrant
1	Its just so police can catch terrorists, move along nothing to see here
0	The law is the law. Period. Regardless of your feels.
0	"Right, hence the ""auto"" portion"
0	not all hackers are bad guys. Some hackers are hired by companies to find flaws in their systems so they can protect their data better.
0	In Oregon, Tinder *is* a dating app for stoners.
1	And here we thought AMD is too much competition at the moment
0	The car is still a zero emissions car. I'm sick of ads holes pointing out that you've got emissions to make elictricity. No fucking duh, but gasoline has its own emissions to make and yet we don't talk about that when talking about shitty gas powered cars, so why do we have to talk about it now?
0	slightly being 40x more. I'm not saying what VW did was OK. I'm just glad they aren't the only ones.
0	With a brain interface, the possibilities for annoying advertising are nearly endless. What if they can read your response and tell that you actually do want a bigger penis? What if they can *make you* want a bigger penis? IT'S GONNA BE GREAT!
0	Which is why there are only 3 or 4
0	Ah, the Hyundai Accident.
0	She used to represent San Bernardino.
0	"Yes. You go buy a cheap burner pistol, then ""aquire"" said upper after that."
0	Okay, but i live in the area with the morons who got her in and keep her in.
0	Feinstein should have been stripped of her position a long time ago.
0	And that's why capitalism is dangerous.
0	Coming from an IT background, specifically network security, and realizing these people have about as much technical knowledge as my mother actually really freaks me the fuck out
0	I left Intel recently, and just got hired by Pfizer. Relief is not the word right now.
1	Facebook is a person.  They can try and influence people if they want.
0	Maybe it's the company that's going to buy out Twitter once the share price crashes because it can't make money.
1	Isn't Facebook already rigged for Bernie?
0	I am more concerned about TV, radio, billboards, and newspapers.
1	He's a joke because I disagree with him
0	I don't want anyone to rig anything. The whole problem with everything is that people keep rigging shit. Fucking stop already.
1	Surely you're not saying that the Guardian has a political leaning and is not neutral?
0	At the simplest level, yes. However, building larger systems out of the pieces requires quite a bit more complicated engineering.
1	I am sure the people who are to cheap for a $10/month music streaming subscription would pump tons money into the music industry without Youtube.
0	I feel like this article has been written about every single political hashtag.
0	TIL Metallica is managed by Bobby Buchers mama.
0	Bill nye uses reason and logic?
1	I experience climate change every day, at noon its warm, at night its cold. Check mate, climate change deniers!
1	Yeah news to me but apparently having a Bachelors of Science, does not actually qualify you in any way to talk about science, nor are you qualified to interpret academic journals. Apparently according to a thread yesterday you need to have published work, to be a real scientist, and perform research.
0	Her statement is actually quite reasonable. Mightbe better to cite real peer reviewed science than a celebrity on either side.
1	But she's as much a scientist as he is!
1	Well if they had the same control of their 1950s and 60s patents as companies do today, they would be turning more profits than BP after the deepwater horizon spill.
0	Because that guy used it like that, the term is now obsolete go home everyone that's it close down shop.
0	thank you for the useless statistic
1	No you see, getting up to the first 75Mbps is the hard part, that's why it costs so much. Once you're going that fast, it's not much more effort to go double the speed which is why they barely even charge for it.
0	Good. To hek with them.
0	What is the purpose of a peaceful protest?
0	It actually makes me kind of sad that video rental is a thing of the past.  I loved going to Blockbuster as a kid and picking a movie or game out (and slyly looking at the covers of the steamy R-rated movies) and playing the N64 or whatever they had set up.  My kids just browse through Netflix and shitty quality Youtube videos instead.
0	As a comcast customer, google please save me, i'd be fine with $100 a month for the gig plan :(
1	I'm saying that a publicly funded institution that teaches English, Math, Art (or Geometry), and typing proficiency just could not ever exist. Publicly funding such a silly venture would certainly be doomed to failure, as any sort of government function does.
0	It's just a way to make money. It's not censorship
1	See.  This is why Comcast needs to merge with Time Warner...So they can compete with the evil internet streaming.
0	The real solution is for the politicians to have strong encryption to protect us, but to take encryption away from everyone else to protect us.  It's just like the pigs sleeping in the farmhouse beds... Animal Farm is all too relevant.
1	Who else could possibly need privacy?
0	Actually my glucose, cholesterol, BP and weight are all exceptional. It doesn't matter what you eat so much as how much you eat.
0	nor can the common boob tell the difference between the hotspots
0	I understand that. I actually think those devices can contribute to the rest of the metadata that the government collects and actually.  I'd argue that toll data collection, in particular urban areas tells you a lot about a person.
0	Who enables texts? I specifically refused to have them in my plan after getting charged for dozens of spanish-language spam ads.
0	If I miss a call, leave a message. If you don't leave a message I'll assume your call was not important and I will ignore it.
0	It is about politicians not caring about our privacy and thinking that voters and taxpayers have no rights.
1	Because making things illegal makes them go away.
0	That'd take up precious time he could be making stupid fucking comments with.
1	That's why there are no labour laws because everyone could just quit and work elsewhere.
0	Sadly no matter how easy you make things to use, people will continue to screw them  up.
1	Oh, we didn't expect this *at all*.
0	Hope they can get robots that speak the right sort of bad english and can mangle orders the way people expect.
0	When you're the only game in town, they don't have to do jack shit except rake in their extortion fees.
1	Well, what are you hiding then?
0	The FBI already had the means to crack the phone.  It was almost certainly Apple who gave them the means to crack the phone.  The media circus surrounding this was just a way to make Apple look good.
0	Well, I'm alive, so I'm going to go out on a limb and call him stupid.
0	If you are the only one that holds the key to all the information in the world, how powerful would you become?
0	Be sure you drink your kool-aid!
0	America is finished.
0	More like car phones and Geocites.
0	It makes me wonder if the takeover was not just some rich guy acting illegally and was instead convinced to do it by Hollywood or whomever.
0	You mean like the founding fathers very vocally and often said was occasionally necessary to ensure freedom for the people? Going down that path would require breaking many of the ideologies that is popular on reddit, would mean gun ownership for the people, the right to speak freely, the right to lay claim to ones own land, etc, things that many modern Americans are starting to think should be frowned upon.
0	Yeah, that's what I was getting at. I didn't even make the original insult, but I'm glad you got my message.
1	Oh. The feels
1	So the only success here is that the FBI now has an iphone hack that Apple doesn't know about.  Oh, well, at least it's in good hands
0	That's Ultraviolet information citizen. Please remain where you are while a troubleshooting team is dispatched to your location by friend computer.
1	You entitled little shit.
0	Don't you think it's a stupid question to ask given the setting? He answered the reporters question after the event.
0	Ketchup, catsup.
0	I just find it incredible that our government feels they should have the equivalent of copies of every citizen's keys - and not just the digital ones.  When was this ever considered a government right: to require that every citizen produce any communication they've ever had upon government request? Oh yeah, McCarthyism.
0	What's gonna happen to pied piper?
0	This is actually a good thing, most likely. Traffic data helps write better traffic laws and get road construction levying passed.
0	Any recommendations for video editing software? Most requires quicktime.
1	Now is a great time to switch to RAW.
0	Nah nah, these were *Duty Free* lawyers that they got near the border, it was cheap like that.
0	I welcome a new age of aftermarket encryption technology and custom roms.
0	Until then I am happy with my Gear VR purchase (even though it doesn't have the best launch lineup)
1	Yes, why ever pay a professional when you can hire a newbie for a pittance and tell them it'll be good exposure
0	Yeah, that was really a great job, and they figured that after doing it I'd probably be extra careful from the on. And I was. To this day, I'm always extra extra careful around potentially destructive commands.
0	I guess today's a great day to practice the three Rs of Data redundancy- redundancy, redundancy, redundancy.
0	Yeah, that's definitely the worse scenario. I hadn't considered that possibility, because I almost exclusively used SELECT.
1	Ha, I've learned how to nullify this. I just don't show up to our scheduled meeting and make him walk over to my office so we can meet there. Totally shifts the balance of power,  it's flawless.
0	Perhaps it could be blasted into the faces of innocent passers-by out of some sort of aerosol can?
0	Or at least have some dry air blow on it.
1	Thought they just didn't want to get fired from their job.
0	Your ssd explanation is great and all but I finally learnt what defragmentation does. I never really botheed to find out what's the use of defragmentation but now I know. :D
0	If the FBI has a warrant from the judge, they can enter your house without your consent. They can look at your bank account without your consent. That's just how all criminal investigation works.
0	So I want to call bullshit to a degree. Let's for arguments sake say the bulk of the rides are $10. That means Uber makes $2.50 off that ride, yet profit is only $.19? With the BILLIONS in fines that they are suffering... these totals HAVE to be wrong.
1	"Ah yes the ""Whateveritscalled."" Guaranteed to make your gun kill 100% more babies."
0	Always always always backup your own data no matter how great you think your host is.
0	So working as intended then?
1	she's backed by time warner and verizon, but i'm sure she'll do the right thing.
0	Yah but it's the idiots who elected the fuckwads that's the problem.. It's hard to cry foul when the people fouling told you they were going to do it from the start.
1	True Murder Doomheads know release dates are a suggestion.
1	won't anybody think of the poor shareholders! My God!
0	Don't threaten to veto it, FUCKING VETO IT. I'm sick of Obama capitulating whenever the GOP throws a temper tantrum.
1	Because Hillary never flipfloped on anything she said, has she?
0	I doubt he could've won a third term. He barely won a second and at the end of that one everything was far worse than the end of his first.
0	Should have just killed someone instead. Hacking damages corporations, which is inexcusable.
0	Then call them workers.  Drones only mate with the queen.
1	We should give the telcos permanent monopolies so that they are never forced to spend money on expensive network upgrades, can raise rates with impunity, filter the content the content they deliver to only allow certain viewpoints (from content suppliers that also pay tributes to the telcos), and otherwise farm money from the serfs.
0	Yeah. I got that too.
0	Ya, good for you, you're the stealer, not the stealee. So, I should fuck your industry then for my benefit.
0	I'm not trying to persuade you of anything. Most people in this thread question why the industry won't change. I'm telling them why. Why is telling the truth considered trying to convince you of something? Maybe the truth is telling you more about your position than you think.
0	Well, it's not hurting Box Office. But I'm sure it puts a small dent in the studios profits for home release sales.
1	to protect the children obviously
0	I mean this news is so old its starting middle school.  This is what they have been doing for years, clinging to outdated distribution models, trying to protect and increase their profits and industries instead of planning for the future because they have no vision, only greed.
1	Yeah but think about how much bigger the records would be without piracy.
0	I don't know why you're quoting that other guy at me. I'm aware that moving cars are dangerous, I think that most people who aren't children probably are, and even in their case it's usually reinforced fairly consistently at a young age that they should watch out for getting hit by cars. I also think drivers should be careful when they're driving to avoid hurting themselves and others. What are you trying to say?
1	But I thought they didn't care about what was on the phone?
0	Seriously? Even the most semi-savvy mundane knows IP geolocation is always utter crap, but Federal LEOs haven't worked that out yet?
0	"I think it's justifiable just because it's clearly labeled and the article does say ""deceptive"""
0	looks good to me
0	"There is a huge search bar on the front page. Type your fetish in there. Or google search ""tubmlr"" and your fetish."
1	Good to know the average congressman is just a regular joe like us, and can really relate to our problems.
0	The more bandwidth you and the other users are using, the higher chance there will be congestion in the network. When there is congestion, an ISP *should* spend money to upgrade their infrastructure. This is beginner stuff, so if you know anyone in networking in real life, ask them about it. I'll answer if you have questions, but you don't seem to want to hear it from me.
1	The Google AI has some sirius issues
0	You do realize that ios doesn't allow native browsers? All browsers on ios must use the safari powered Web framework.  They even make is so browsers, except safari, can't use jit for Javascript, so safari is faster in comparison.
0	A breathalyzer doesn't suck all of my banking information into a government database.
1	Are you *trying* to kill the circlejerk, jeez.
0	Sounds like they'll soon go the way of MySpace if they're not very careful. I understand that they have to compete as a business to stay afloat but I hope they're not forgetting that internet users are volatile and will ditch them in the blink of an eye if a new service pops up.
0	That, and the devices being used had type elements like a typewriter, and probably only had uppercase letters.
1	"Now it just means that stuff will appear.  Thankfully it is much better for Apple's image when people open Reddit at work or school and the first thing to pop up is ""Here's a sneak peek into your [f]uture""."
0	Fuck this, I'm not abandoning Narwhal. Reddit has a lot of catching up to do with it's app to come anywhere close to Narwhal.
0	This reaction and the reaction they would get from api fuckery are about 2 orders of magnitude different
1	Stop being a fucking douche puppet. I sometimes pee and not just shit when I look at my app. Geez!
0	Did they use The Cloud to do it?
0	Sure, maybe it has nothing to do with Reddit, it is just a huge coincidence that Reddit released there app this week, with a huge push for it, and that Apple decided to clamp down on other reddit apps.
1	From the dead?
1	It's ok. It won't happen to you. Actually everyone here is a good driver. In fact, I typically eat my cereal on the road. I may have caused a few accidents but they had them coming anyways
0	Do you have a good cheat sheet
0	Cargo culting
1	They should have encrypted it to prevent it being leaked.
0	Damn ATM machine machines.
0	I have an xp box that isn't connected to the internet. I use it to run my vinyl cutter.
0	Doesn't matter to me, I'm not their IT.  I'm just their property management software vendor.
1	It's just what the people and corporations of her state want!
0	That's a little unfair. You have to be decently tech literate to know shortcuts that aren't copy/paste.
0	Included game for htc: job simulator. What the hell?
0	Ehh, people still buy new computers and for the most part that's how people buy operating systems I think boxed OS's aren't as common as you may think. Also people working on only one system means that microsoft could lower their total cost.
1	Oh, those poor farmers. We should enact sweeping protections for these poor hardworking people to protect their intellectual property from the villainous Chinese. We should not consider the consequences of allowing corporations to copyright the food supply. For god's sake make sure that we include a clause on rights exhaustion in this law so that cross pollination will expose neighboring farms to litigation.
0	"Hmm, mine loads instantly here on 8.1 (although I don't use it because it's not a start menu and it's useless), and I don't exactly have a ""gaming PC"", I dunno?"
0	The problem is, how do you obtain admin rights? Same way as a Linux/UNIX system?
0	"How is ""dated"" a valid criticism?  Windows 7 is stable and doesn't constantly report my activities to Microsoft.  If Microsoft ever decides to create another OS like it, I would switch to that instead.  Sadly, Windows 8's interface was shit and Windows 10 is spyware with a userbase of people with Stockholm syndrome."
1	It's like people don't like change! amazing!!!! UPVOTE!!!!
0	Yeah, I kinda missed the Windows 8/10 boat since I've switched to OS X three years ago. Small changes can be quite confusing if you're not too familiar with the interface already.
1	Yes, Apple and Microsoft should really be worried about fixing climate change, not releasing new OS.
1	Another redditor with an amazing grasp of the issues.
0	Same. I've been a lot more proactive on my health thanks to the watch. That basically goes for any smart watch from any company that measures health (which is most if not all) but the fact that it's the, IMO, best offering out of them all makes it my best choice.
0	haha that would be funny watching someone hold their watch to their face to talk.
0	How is that legal?
0	"I saw a local morning show, Everyday Morning, call this and ask the guy how to say something like ""I Love Everyday Morning"". The hosts tried repeating it then ended up basically saying ""Bork bork Everyday Morning"". Really irritated me. That's like saying ""Ching Chong Ching Chong"" to a Chinese person."
1	"I can carry my laptop in one hand, so clearly these ""smartphones"" are dumb."
0	That's why I got a Pebble Time: it was relatively cheap (vs other tech) , the battery lasts a long time, and it provides the convenience of notifications on my wrist + playback control for podcasts/music
0	If you have a healthy diet that shit just flies out and you're out the door with clean hands in under a minute.
1	Dude, ok, my Rolex tells some *damn good time.* You just don't know.
0	Legitimate question, what's the difference between you and the second assistant director? Ever since I read the positions in the credits once I have so many questions about all the different titles.
1	what are you talking about? they reinvent the smartwat ch like they did the wedge shape
0	To be fair, that's what was said about the iPhone as well.
0	Yep, won an iPod Classic like four years ago!
0	It was $500?! Wtf
0	I don't surf the internet on a phone so it's perfect for me
0	So, they took a 130$ linear lidar, put it on a spinning platform and are selling it for $250.
1	Yes, the camera flash makes it a smartphone.
0	Wikipedia diagram suggests 8
0	They don't need to upgrade anything. Their argument is based on bandwidth, not cumulative usage.
0	AGI is 13 years old already? shit.
0	What about the vast majority of people that are happy with the stock keyboard? There are many people that like the style of keyboard on a MacBook but wouldn't want it replaced with a touchscreen.
0	That doesn't really apply here, since the idea of artifical scarcity is to generate more demand by appearing popular. Works for Nintendo. What the ISPs are doing is just slicing up what they have in to smaller pieces so they can sell more. Like how airlines oversell seats.
0	Not enough radioactives.
0	I like your style, sir. You deserve a promotion.
1	So I can pay them 30$ more per month for the same thing I have now? that sounds like a great deal to me
0	This would be my nightmare.
0	Okay, you're just a troll with bad reading comprehension.
0	so in other words, it's pretty inaccurate and shitty but you've learned to deal with it.
0	Tired of the old media. They really need to collapse now that literally do nothing but regurgitate press releases, twitter and reddit, 10 hours later.
0	Except the government isn't just anyone.
1	Just another reason to buy the latest iPhone.
0	Oh hell yes, as long as it's televised like a senate hearing. It'd be like having a conversation with Cheryl from Archer. You never know what's gonna pop out of that guy next.
1	Do you really think a company like Apple is concerned about their image??
1	But its just for looking at cat pictures lol
1	"While the majority of ""terrorist"" attacks in American soil are committed by Americans themselves.  Shooting up a school, church, or movie theatre doesn't count as terrorism though, nvm I forgot."
0	In his story, and the stories of many a stormfronter, he was not evil.
1	I'm shocked and chagrined.
0	Regarding the right to bear arms... encryption tech is actually considered a weapon for the purpose of export. By that definition, the 2nd amendment means we have a right to encryption.
1	It's going to get rid of all my viruses right!?!
0	No, but numbers like 4 or 12 also aren't illegal. It's not like you're going to be doing high school algebra one day when the police break into your house and arrest you for using an illegal number. These numbers are so large that they're only going to occur when they're used for whatever illicit activities they were banned for in the first place. Yeah, it sound dumb that there are illegal numbers but they aren't used in the same way we're used to thinking about numbers.
0	I started the first episode and thought the laugh track was a joke.  A few minutes in I clicked through the episode to hear it everywhere and just turned the show off when I realized it was actually part of the show.  So disappointing.
0	Technology changes so fast, think about your friends that aren't tech savvy.. They might not even realize why this is so important... We have the right to bare arms incase of oppressive governments, we have freedom of speech, but they want to remove the freedom of encryption?! Just doesn't seem right. I already am sad to see the way things happen with tech companies doing deep packet inspection, like verizon putting special id headers to track people who sign into the rewards program.. I am afraid of this gap occurring of people (a few majority) fighting for the right choices in tech for everyone but an oppressive force working with tons of money or government powers over riding them because not more people are aware of the stakes... I hope more young people hear and learn of the issue and continue to avidly support the cause.
0	Netflix makes good shit for the most part. Now plz make a spiritual successor to Firefly set in the Star Wars Universe.
1	That was before 9/11. Having a lock on your door supports ISIS.
1	You have a lock on your front door? It seems like you're hiding something.
0	Yeah...I was thinking more along 2nd amendment lines.
0	That sounds like obstruction of justice to me, citizen. Get back in line.
0	One party state.
0	well, probably not. criminals just don't care based on recent events
0	The fact that they think this is possible speaks to their understanding of the thing they are trying to ban.
0	Apple won't sue the FBI because they have no standing to sue.. news at 11.
0	He might be. Personally my friends seem pretty mixed on it. A lot think it's garbage and a lot think it's pretty damn funny.
1	Prohibited unless you can provide a key that will turn the random noise into actual data.
0	That's download speed. Due to grossly asymmetrical upload speeds, they only got 50GB uploaded.
1	2$ a month? ggnore netflix unsubbed.
0	Lol, meanwhile my family barely struggles on a 44GB plan from combining the data from a hotspot and 4 phones all for the low price of $250+ per month with $10 for every gigabyte over. And everyone wonders why I'm salty when they probably spend a third of that and get close to unlimited. Telstra are fuckheads that I wouldn't be with if I could get at least ADSL or even one bar of Optus signal
0	People use 4G in Australia because they only get 5 Mbit on their ADSL connections, and 4G is twenty times faster.
0	Someone else could take its source and build on it?
0	with ad blocker it's still 40% ads in the form of sponsored content.
0	I tend to spend a lot of time thinking about stuff like this. I'm super excited about developments in the next hundred or so years
0	Still not as good as Sync.
0	So what's the fulfillment schedule looking like? Right now, this might just be the greatest Kickstarteresque disaster-in-the-making yet.
0	Agree!  Cheers
0	No shit.  People like non Netflix content, but when most of non Netflix content is garbage, and like 20% is good,  they're will be a higher liking of Netflix created content just based on more of Netflix content being better (percentage wise) than non Netflix created content.
0	Probably because other than their TV offerings, Netflix is made up of B movies and other crap no one has ever heard of.
0	I don't know what sorts of devices your thinking of but If I can install a new OS on my phone what the heck would people be buying that can't install a new OS?
1	That is very environment friendly .... use public transportation or walk for 10 years waiting for the vehicle.  Sorry I couldn't help  :-)
0	I believe that'll be the initial stage, but once the system matures it'll likely replace people altogether, to save costs etc
0	Does not sound like it will help gas heaters much, but the rest sounds great.
0	Truck drivers should be nervous.
0	That doesn't really help. Well made programs will write to the hard drive instead when they detect a live os.
1	That sounds like something Hitler would say.
0	That's a very effective way to get me to drop your web site faster than a bad date.
1	Why don't they just turn the lights on?
1	zomg guis me went on le deep web now le fbi r at my dor and i r can not slep
0	I didn't even know Yahoo was in trouble, but I Googled it and it appears that you're right.
0	Trial by fryer
1	All hail Anita!
0	Not really an apt comparison. It's more like: he broke into someone's house to look at their belongings, and then he witnessed murders happening.
1	Everyone knows that only terrorists, rapists, and pedophiles want privacy.
0	Are rebels under dictators the same as terrorists to you?
0	It doesn't have anything to do with how dumb they are, it's about using a name they may be unfamiliar with. Suffrage is an antiquated phrasing, and a person who hasn't specifically studied that point in history might not recognize the word.
0	"""Dark"" sounds evil, so it obviously must be evil."
0	Well, he's going to lose his child porn so what do you expect?
1	*blueteeth
0	Wouldn't that in a way, promote dark net?
0	Distributed infrastructure...that sounds like something that could be really beneficial for the Internet as a whole in the face of constant government censorship and uninformed legislation.
1	71% of what?? Seniors? Random sample of people lonely enough to sit through and answer a telephone survey? India was 1 of the top countries listed - a population of 1 billion people. I'm sure the 24,000 people asked worldwide is a large enough sample though
0	Meat lovers, then?
1	Trump is gonna shut the internet down just you wait
0	Asking for a friend?
0	Yeah there is a script that makes it stupid easy. A lot easier and more flexible than the old method of dual booting.
0	"Aren't you confusing this with ""deep web"" now?"
0	Remember that she was offered and advised to use the secured .gov email account that *all* other legislators use for sensitive government work.  Who knows the reason behind why she used her own server, but it was clearly the wrong decision.  If she cant follow simple instructions on how to secure her sensitive emails, how can we trust that she will accept vital advice from professionals if she makes it into the highest office?
0	Well, she has been insecure since that intern took her job.
0	How was it hidden? She knew she had the server.
0	I actually used to live in a town just like that. We had Charter, wasn't terrible honestly. The cost was higher though.
0	Ya, People keep saying that here. Still haven't figured out how another company doing it makes it okay though. Seems like school yard type reasoning.
0	You're asking for **proof of a crime**. If it existed, people would be in jail over it.
0	No but I know other stuff honest :)
0	You're not entitled to an Internet connection, they can do whatever the hell they want with your Internet. Unfortunately there's nothing the consumer can do about it until competition comes along or the government regulates it, which'll never happen
0	Now if they only had an awesome computer to apply it to.
1	Of course! This is why they desperately need that backdoor
0	lol the first 3 lines in the first image look like someone giving the middle finger
1	why do you hate ethics in journalism?
0	I never said they wouldn't... I was specifically talking about checking Cisco shipments. Smaller companies would indeed be easier to infiltrate up front.
1	some terrorist country I'd bet!!!! like chicago!!!!!!
0	Nothing easy about it.
0	Try that argument on your uncle, or grandmother, or English teacher. Maybe the dude who waits tables at your favorite restaurant. The fact remains, until it is put in a box that just works, it's not going to take off. That means the tech won't develop very far and costs won't come down. Just the way of the world.
1	2+2=3. I just broke math
1	More backdoors!
0	Except this one looks pretty good.
0	Because it has been out of beta since long time. That guy is talking out of his ass.
1	"Does it blink vigorously for a ""random"" extra frisking?"
1	"Ahem, it's ""morn"".  Frigging Canadians putting unneeded ""u"" everywhere."
0	You're not alone. There have been many articles showing that Comcast is over-estimating data usage.
0	Consistent with less features is better than more features that could dissappear all at once
0	Yup. Just bought my first home, and I am a techie so there is going to be home automation out the wazoo. Was looking at nest for parts of this, not anymore though.
0	"This sounds like the ongoing issue with videogames that have P2P matchmaking or centralized matchmaking handled by the company. There are many video games that have shut down their servers and are now unplayable. Occaisionally groups of players will hack together working matchmaking servers, but nothing reminds you that you don't own any of your digital media like trying to log in to your game and getting an ""All servers are down"" message."
0	Never ever ever buy HA stuff that requires an internet connection to work, ever.
0	"""we notice you are using your arm a lot while viewing adult content, would you like to buy a fleshlight instead?"""
0	Their customers are aware of all this and they've been very transparent. I'd call it far from a marketing ploy, I'd call it for what it is, crowdfunding. They are, and have been, releasing everything they've asked for and have been with each major patch update. They're taking a while, but they've already said this game would take several years to develop.
0	I've never bought a bad usb 2.0 cable from amazon and I've never heard of someone's device frying from one
0	You think that China cares about about ACTUALLY HAVING the licensing and conforming to the standards, and quality?  No, they'll just stamp on the product that it does.
0	Why tracking the user's location ? VR is going to be used 99% at home so what use could you get from that (beside sending real life ads) ?
1	Because that's not free market, and free market always produces what's best for the consumer
0	LoL, I'm just saying. IF you want better VR tracking, devs are going to need realtime use statistics.
0	Shit. Now the government knows I use the internet.
0	wasn't this the top of multiple subreddits ever since the transparency report?
0	They say half a million at full production. So if they plan on starting production next year, they could be pumping out pretty close to that by the end of 2019 I imagine. So anyone wanting one will probably be able to walk in and order one on the spot sometime in 2019
1	Hmmm, yes because that's rational thinking.
0	I'm not a Gaben fanboy, but he was 100% correct when he said he was done with the Oculus after they partnered up with Facebook.
0	Yah so just because everyone does it we should just stop talking about it huh.
0	Get out of your basement. Oculus is being written about in every magazine, on every website, and talked about on every news station. It's a huge thing right now.
0	I downloaded it just to see what you meant.
0	Why would they want the hassle? They'll cancel you when they get the letter. It's not worth it to them to try and run an illegal scam...what if the letter had been sent by the fbi as a test of their procedures or some shit...? When the company gets the certified mail, they're going to cancel you.
0	So the author discovered snapchat?
1	Thank god they're dealing with the important issues
0	This is why I love American Express. They're great about shafting merchants that deserve to be shafted.
0	They should require the same from gym memberships.
0	"I mean, I figured, but my overall point is the example student may be required to attend, but his attention is literally zero. I think just the sound of ""captive audience"" gives the implication that they get any attention of the 'audience', but people calling in to cancel are anything but."
1	I know, right? What a fucking moron! What kind of idiot thinks that it's in any way acceptable to read an article, and then go into the comments section and talk about that same article? It's crazy.
0	Hololens.  Yea that's what I'm waiting for.
0	ITT: jealous poor fucks who can't afford a Rift complaining about it to make themselves feel better.
0	Surely you jest, reddit blowing things out of proportion?
0	And so Ex-Machina begins.
0	Poor marketing then I guess.
1	Thanks Windows10.
0	Was gonna say - reading using Narwhal (because AB is like the homecoming queen that got fat and still think she's sexy - no one wants you) - and I can see everything.
1	Not only that, the Rift ships with a camera that tracks your movements! The horror!
0	Which you deserve
0	Only some yaris. My 2016 one has it right in front of the steering wheel.
0	What do you think of the Model 3?
0	The  fact that people are taking a fake AMA seriously is pretty funny.
0	This is amazing.
0	I fear that if this ever happens, he'll just be picked off by an extremist that wanted to kill him first chance.  The way my family talks about him, they would consider it their patriotic duty to kill him on sight.  I imagine a lot of ignorant folks think that.
0	Im sure he knows the thing is A LOT of people think its real haha
0	On the right check the box that says enable subreddit style, it turns it all off.
0	San Diegan here. I am also a homebrewer and a BJCP judge. If you like MT, be sure to also check out Societe (specifically drink the Apprentice and Pupil) and Alpine (the brewery in Alpine, not green flash. Drink keane idea, bad boy, baby face, nelson, duet, and hop boxed if available).
1	JUSTICE!
0	That's my bit :/
1	Can you prove he's not?
0	Ha, You really think in just a few years people won't own cars? I think you have been daydreaming a bit too much.  Eventually, sure, in the next 2 to 5 years, no.  Hell in 10 years I bet you that most people in the US that own a car now will still will own one.
1	No one will ever use this iPhone thing, it doesn't have buttons for a keyboard.
0	i couldn't tell you, i've never done this. i just read about how it was possible
0	You're close, state employee
0	Just like me, it has no grils.
1	yea the battery pack is like C4, 1:1 swapable in demolition
0	75% of cars in the UK are parked off-road overnight (according the to RAC foundation)
0	If I could afford a tesla but also lived in an apartment with no dedicated or off street parking, I'd probably spend that money on moving.
1	Yeah, just like all voice recognition
0	Here in my city (The Hague) you can request an electric charging pole from the city government and pay them for the electricity used. It won't be yours but they'll make sure that you have one close to your home within 4 months.
0	I love that side, i love that ass, but that face is fugly as hell. I'm soo disappointed. Looks like an Aston Martin without a grill.
0	It will probably be a paid software upgrade to enable the stock hardware.
1	Yeah it is so offensive when someone makes money by taking on risk and providing goods or services people want!  Who wants to make me a free pitchfork?!
0	But... But I thought Linux was unhackable!
0	What amazes me most is the simplicity of the reservation agreement. Less than one page, clear language, no added bullshit. Also, it looks like they took some design cues from the Subaru Impreza (my current daily driver) - I'm a little bit in love.
0	Then you just enter the passcode. The police cannot compel you to give up something in your mind.
0	I'm asthmatic and smoke/vape weed it opens my airways after the initial coughing. Spliffs on the other hand will fucking kill me, it's definitely the tobacco smoke that sucks for me as an asthmatic.
1	That's not true, I once saw a bunch of people post fb statuses about how they didnt allow fb to use their info in whatever manner
1	I deleted my facebook profile 3 or 4 years ago. Life is terrible.
0	I never claimed that it limits the Zimbabwean or French government, only the US government. Ideally speaking, it literally defines the government, so if the Constitution isn't in effect, neither is the US Government.
0	Considering that, I don't give a fuck what this asshole thinks.
0	2, 4, 8...10? BFD. I would have expected 16.
0	Then it knows everyone's porn history. If you have something on everyone, you have nothing on anyone. See? Nobody cares!
1	That's not hyperbole at all!
1	If you're doing nothing wrong this is all fine.
0	Anore more importantly, when will they release the really funny recordings? Preferably with the people identified!
0	Well, by that logic why not sign up for Google, and Ask, and Microsoft...  it's like drilling one hole into your wall VS turning your wall into Swiss cheese.
0	"Considering what countries like Germany have deemed ""hate speech"", what's stopping these websites from using this as a justification to suppress news of terrorist attacks?"
0	Woah for that comment the government will kill you just like they did jfk. (Literally a comment from another thread)
1	Yeah, fuck Apple for stealing 'wifi'. Why do they even need that anyway?
0	For example, Nixon was pardoned by Ford but was never tried or convicted.
0	The problem is the evidence needed to prove it is deemed too secret to admit as evidence in court due to national security, leaving it impossible to challenge in court.
0	Holder ran the worst and most corrupt DOJ in history.  I seem to have to remind everyone this repeatedly as the Obama admin apologists don't like to face the reality of their choices.
1	He would get a fair trial, one where he could not bring up anything he leaked or his reasons for leaking it beacause of 'national security' but that's ok right?
0	5x over now. I'm laughing
0	"I'd even argue that a ""good"" employee in one setting may be bad in another. I have seen developers who require strong management, but who can be extremely productive and valuable to the company. Throw them in a self-managed environment, and they would likely flounder."
1	Those are for the weak.
0	Damn, didn't know it snowed that much there. I knew it got stupid cold because deserts don't retain heat, but not that it snowed so much or so late. That changes things then and makes the original comment even more stupid.
0	Their hardware was never the problem, especially the SOC when compared to major turds like last years Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, it has always been the software that was annoying and falling apart from S1 to S7
0	"Only a matter of time until the drones are upgraded with the ""aim and shoot damn birds"" feature!"
0	Or the original Kinect demo
1	What a shame.
0	That's true.
0	Last time I used it was years ago when they were fighting with AIM and it stopped working every second day. At the time the paid version got more attention so many of the free users bailed. I am happy to hear that some stuck it out and it is still around.
1	You are so fucking hardcore.
0	Even with USB debugging enabled on android you'll have to approve trusting a new host, right?
1	Snapchat was designed to facilitate dick pics. Most people are just using it wrong
0	You have to understand that at it's core very little has changed, right? This is surely due to some fault of how the games were installed or a related driver. Not Win10.
0	No Windows Media Center.
1	Lol CCENT (ICND1) is a component of CCNA which makes mentioning it redundant. But you have a degree so you probably know better
0	Yah, but Would you let it trim your pubes with said scissors?
1	Unless I have to pay twice as much as the hardware plus software are worth, it's trash.
0	This another reason why airlines should be in charge of and provide their own security.
0	It shows the dichotomy, which I find interesting.
0	Old people? What are you, 12?
0	So basically they built the checkpoint from Heathrow's terminal 5.
0	Why is it always the old angry looking dudes?
1	DWS did a real good job of negotiating non-compete agreements with  the GOP.
0	I guess it depends on when a suit is considered a suit.
0	You should use his office address as your address.
0	Any risk that comes with that could be mitigated by having a medically observed safe session no?
0	Lord. Properly designed cars have auto brake which uses radar. They don't need to 'see' anything and they sense far enough ahead to apply the brakes. The Tesla accelerated.
0	Apple's one of the few major tech companies that doesn't make their money off your data. That's gotta count for something.
0	Wine has limited compatibility.
0	Is it just the term that bothers you?  Does corporate personhood have any practical effects that you think are a problem?
0	I'm pretty sure Facebook has collected fecal samples of mine at some point.
0	Is what Google does.
0	You can't have a free thinking populace when you control their propaganda. Having a few options for news is the idea. Hitler would be proud.
1	Wow, who would've guessed that?!
0	The gop might lose congress. This novembers election has half the seats up for grabs
1	6?! Up here in Canada we got 3. You guys have like.. double the companies!
0	Wow, the GOP is never going to give up on this.
0	What a twat Oracle is. Just give it up man, you have enough money already.
1	Republican and Democrats are different wings of the same bird
1	Nope. You're not supposed to use your phone as it were really yours! C'mon, gimme your money and stick with what the Church of Apple judges is for you!
1	But Hillary is literally Hitler!!!!!!!
0	That's kind of where I'm at. I'm at times willing to pay a little more just for the sheer convenience factor alone. I mean Soylent and mealsquares are pretty much convenience items to begin with right?
1	The other 38% either have not died off from old age just yet and thus get their news from FOX News or MSNBC or CNN. That or they don't have the Internet.
0	Such a GRAND ole party! What great guys!
0	Maybe it's because it was an old model, but my Note 3 had the function to clear the RAM included. You just long pressed the home button and clicked one of the 3 buttons at the bottom when the open apps page opened. Did they remove this in newer models?
1	It seems going directly to Google is the only choice, unless going Apple. I may go Apple if the 7 is worth it, really tired of Android. Raping my privacy wasn't something I expected when I changed platforms, apps ask for WHY too many permissions. Flashlight app needs access to my caller ID logs? Why the hell wouldn't I let them in!?
0	Ok fair enough - I wasn't talking about internal betas, which I used when I worked for Apple, because I think it's a given that people know internal betas exist.
0	Even without MM you can always set the camera storage on the card so that's a huge saviour. Photos/videos/music on the SD card and then 8GB is a OK amount, unless you install large games.
0	But, but, both sides are bad, so vote republican.
0	No, it was a tax office, and I didn't have the credentials. Granted I had the key to the file cabinet, and could have gone back and stolen anyone's info. Corporate rules are corporate rules, even if it's a franchise.
0	So, Samsung and T-Mobile?
1	Have a seat over there, with the pedofiles.
0	Sure he was.
0	Is this an international thing or just the states?
0	Bitcoin is not anonymous, most bitcoin payments still use identities.
0	fair enough, standing by your username. Giving away your IP to anyone you want to talk to is a bad f***in idea. have an upvote.
0	yeah, damn that melanoma, hurricanes and tornados. Better stop breathing the air cause that has wind in it.
0	Think about it. Acquire a competitor's business, learn what you can and burn it. It's cheaper than letting Nokia be bought by someone that wants to develop it.
1	Really sounds like the government is ready and capable to nationalize healthcare and do so in an efficient and cost effective manner!
0	But the wall will likely have weak points because gender balance will be more emphasized than qualification for its assembly.
1	Let them replace all of their workers.  Costs go down, prices go down...right?
0	They should just start over at finland as Yeskia
1	Finally, someone with the know-how to turn Yahoo around.
0	YO HO, YO HO! WE'RE BACK IN THE EAST BLUE!!
1	It's not like Google has billions in cash to pay for all of that or anything.
0	My parents made and sold solar panels to heat water in Sweden in the 1980s. Sweden gets 40% of the intensity of sunlight that USA gets plus we have fewer sunny days. We made money and customers made money within 10 years of investment. Technology has gotten way better and the USA has so much space and sun compared to Europe that it is easy to say that without propaganda, the USA would be all renewables by now.
0	There's the charity loophole too.  I get the scammy police officers organizations begging for money all the time.
0	making souvenir scale models?
0	I just make it my business to waste the callers' time as much as possible when I get one of these
0	Not exactly everything (updates, control panel being removed, etc) but I get your point.
0	Interesting. I use Facebook in Hungarian which is my second language and have noticed it's translations of English text (which I tried for shits &amp; giggles) are now semi-intelligible.
0	That was the point... I've gotten dozens of these calls in the past week alone, and every single one has been from some indian dude.
0	The problem isn't the EULA, it's the misunderstanding of what the user actually owns. A lot of people think they *own* the software and this is not true.
0	I was working on a project in the wee hours when I walked away from my PC only to walk back to find it auto-updating to windows 10.  There were no words for the hatred I had for Microsoft in those moments.
0	You missed the upgrade to Windows 7 option.
1	Its so easy! Just move to the jobs!
0	"Win7 is not ""literally the same"" as Win10."
0	Especially if you are on a metered connection. I only get 50gb per month through satellite and I treasure each mb
0	Wow, this is shady as hell.
1	Because FitBit is so accurate and precise.
0	"""You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile."" -Microsoft 2016"
1	Probably an Android and probably with Google as the homepage. But so much unwanted data tracking from my computer disgusts me!
0	Never even thought of that. That's a real good one!
0	I am not currently affected by data caps, but I went ahead and filed a very detailed complaint.  Thanks for providing the link.
1	Does it indicates that more iPhone users are alcoholics then android phone users?
0	"Not to try and negate the usefulness of this tool but every time I've submitted a complaint on this very topic it gets ""served"" to my ISP who says, ""Well, it's in the terms."" and then nothing gets done about it."
0	"I'm sorry but this is the argument made by someone who doesn't really understand what's going on. There are plenty of problems with our electoral system and plenty of problems with the candidates but being ""all about corporations"" is a silly thing to say."
0	Whoa. ITT : postgate.
1	Hey! We've got *one* thing going for us, don't piss in our grits.
0	"Every day, someone says ""write to the FCC"".  Taking the cynical approach, what will the FCC really do to a Verizon or an ATT?"
0	"It's government regulation that allows them to consolidate the ""means of production"". Name a single monopoly that exists without the support of government."
1	Yeah. Because steam totally isn't a walled garden.
0	They won't go out of business with this strategy, they'll grow in power and become a bully in the market in order to grab all the data they can from their users and farm it for intel to sell.
0	Utah is Utah. No surprise there.
0	Why not both? Everyone sees the benefits of decent internet access - even if they don't use it themselves, their schools, hospitals, shops, etc. do. Make the state owned infrastructure company (funded by everyone) share the costs with the commercial content providers (funded by those who directly use it), so everyone wins?
0	I've lived in Texas for 30+ years and they only require a thumbprint for a standard class C license. For. HAZMAT endorsement on a class A, you have to get a full ten at a separate location.
0	"""slams"" really?"
0	Net neutrality is a good thing, but it doesn't magically lower prices, increase speeds or remove data caps.
0	Seriously reddit is becoming a joke these days. What the fuck.
1	Oh no teh gubmint is goan get ya.
1	Ehhhhh they're all working against us.
1	I'm a teacher and in order to be employed I had to have full prints done- fingers, palms, sides of hands. I figured that it was going to stored somewhere so it doesn't surprise me. But it's annoying that I had to pay $50 for the privilege
0	You should burn them off
0	"That doesn't make it ""fair"" nor excuse its flagrant disregard for constitutional rights."
0	Trump loves Mexicans! He ate a taco bowl once!
1	That isn't an issue, we need to worry about how Trump may abuse government.
1	When you invent such a novel idea as helping people hook up, and create such an amazing invention as swyping on a phone, you should be allowed to make sure no other product even remotely related makes it.
1	Heh, isn't this Trump guy funny?  He says it like it is!
0	Quite honestly, I'd rather have a registry than for every other firearm owner to have no idea how to use their weapons.  Also, you already need a class to get a concealed carry permit in a lot of states.
0	Its a little difficult to have an electric engine without batteries...
1	I'm sure they have warrants for all of them. It just wouldn't be constitutional otherwise!
0	Until just now,  I never thought I needed laser lightning battles in my life. Why aren't we funding this?
1	Sweet can I make a million bucks off of it now?
1	Someone said it on reddit, of course it's true!
0	"And where exactly is your ""all linesmen are high school dropouts"" idea coming from?"
1	And he's Russian agent because he flew to Russia!
0	Psst - all you have to do to make a car lighter is to make it smaller. And don't fill it with useless crap.
0	"I like the inspiration advice, however for professional jobs, it's not always cost effective to fire an employee due to investment in their training. However foe entry level positions or low skill jobs, the training is ""paid for by the employee"" in that they show up with their own time and learn how to do basic tasks."
1	Yeah, it's crazy that a company would not want all of its customers spending as little money as possible
0	Yea what they dont tell you is they put these unqualified workers in situations they arent wualified for which results in very potentially harmfull situations to both customers and these workers. I see new pictures every day of these workers putting ladders where er they want, having customers hold their ladders, touching live wires with their hands and tons of other shit that would make OSHA shit a cannoli. $30-$40 an hour and they put you in a spot where you could die because you arent trained properly.
1	Who the fuck do these workers think they are trying to educate their children? Obviously this is absurd and deserving of mockery.
0	Still is a thing.
1	Phone companies in the US are totally not government-given monopolies at all.
1	Paying non-executives more than the absolute bare minimum is socialism.
0	What happens if you switch it on and the other side doesn't? If it's lowest common denominator, this app is a trojan horse as far as I'm concerned.
1	Well maybe if they worked harder amd got better jobs
1	Not if there's a wall!
0	The news that I see are almost always things from my hometown, or where I grew up, or games that I'd recently mentioned, and so forth.
0	That's a direct quote from the potato writing in the article
1	Sure it is, US Citizens are the enemy!
0	If you're after raw performance, NVidia provides damn good Linux drivers. Stay away from AMD and Intel, though.
1	zuck doing something underhanded? I'm shocked....SHOCKED I tell you!
0	"Because it wasn't presented as ""These are the topics we think you should be reading and talking about"" but rather ""These are the topics other people on Facebook are talking about the most"".  It portrayed itself as relatively impartial, not curated."
0	That is one possible implication of that statement. Another equally likely possibility is that he was trying not to say that stories other than the ones on the list can also be added.
1	*Wow* this is super surprising
1	Big surprise. I'm sure we were all shocked at this.
0	I only get my news from reputable sources, like reddit.
0	exactly. This is why this news should surprise literally nobody.
1	Yes, of course. Pretty sure everyone would agree that OS X and iOS are both terrible.
0	We have these all the time, they're called fireworks
1	This is what I was wondering... Where's the startup that handles cloud cover? Or is that what all of those cloud management services are?
0	There is NO WAY this can go wrong!
0	Ok, but Japan isn't the one building F35's, M1 Abrams, or even a G.R Ford supercarrier.
0	Because nostalgia man(or girl). It sells.
1	Well then the *obvious* answer can only be one thing: we **must** give them a bigger budget.
0	I did not expect to see you turn up. I first watched Salad Fingers years ago; both strange and compelling.
0	Holly Wood owns the copyright to DMCA and she would issue a take-down notice if he correctly spelled it.
1	when i started reading the title i was really hoping it was going to say there's a 100% certainty way for me to get 6 pack abs with something edible... instead its just saving the lives of millions of animals, gah!
0	Salad fingers is the shit. I used to freak out my younger friends with that! Hilarious to 15 year old me. Good fucking times: you're awesome.
0	It's also a lazy, brainless way for hacks to get laughs without doing any intellectual/creative hard work.
0	I'd buy that for a dollar!
1	It's a statement about fair use, how airing something else in its entirety still counts as fair use if Big Media does it.
0	All hail Terry Crews.
1	Key to future freedom in the US? Leave the country.
0	Thank god it's always so easy to see which touchpad a certain model features and especially what the software is like.
0	Did C3PO finally come out of the closet?
0	Then the Wal-Mart employee I witnessed apprehending a shoplifter was bs?
1	Let me guess this article is also one of the 488 million fake posts.  The government and its army helpers actually wrote 488 trillion fake posts a year.
0	Paging Seth McFarlane... Pay this man
1	Surely you can't seriously compare dirty basement-dwelling pirates and respectable suit-wearing businessmen.
0	I'm confused because the article said it was a DMCA claim.
0	The original Double Dribble clip uploader should file a DMCA claim against Fox's site and Hulu where the episode is presumably available, heh heh heh.
0	Wow, it's no wonder that you have problems using backspace. Who claimed to never make mistakes?
0	Nope it doesn't matter.
1	UX always knows best.  The user wants to be told how to behave.
1	but but I listen in 1411KBPS only
0	Winamp was at peak popularity in like 2003, everyone in middle school was using it
1	What if I want to look at a random comment while in the middle of watching a YouTube video?
0	I didn't install flash player in last two windows reinstalls, and I'm a very happy with it.
0	vertical always-on-top sidebar dock that is slightly transparent?
0	Someone on the Linux forums convinced me that rendering was slow on chrome in Linux. I believed him until I tried to switch back to ff. Unbearably laggy on my *desktop*. I'll give it another shot when Servo goes mainstream.
0	I suppose a slippery slope; if they added options for all the features they add/remove, then the application would be tough for them to manage.
0	What a lame defense... especially for the 99% of apple users.
1	How about you set up an Internet petition....
0	It's really missing a Firefox-style about:config
0	I'd also hate coding in machine code.
0	There are many possible solutions to this problem. Why would they pick the worst possible one, instead of a logical answer like, I dunno, saving forms? Or making it configurable?
0	NSA for President, 2016
1	So chrome can use up more RAM!!
0	Says so right at the top, too.  MAY 7, 2015 2:25 PM EDT.
0	Except if you defend the Rojava you know nothing about what's going on in Syria.
0	Nobody wants an example of communalism working or the poor around the world might get ideas.
1	Whoa whoa whoa let's not turn this racial
0	SMS is pretty much a US thing because we have free texting. Most of the world doesn't and that's why chat apps are way more popular in places like Europe compared to the US.
0	Does this mean my TWC Internet bill is going to be jacked up ?
0	I really don't think anyone involved in fighting ISIS needs any cash. The whole thing is a mess of incredibly well funded militaries, some of whom are spending disgusting amounts of cash on this war. That money could be so much better used in a million other places.
1	Newsweek reporting on Bitcoin. This must be true. I trust their reporting on this subject.
0	World. Net. Daily.
0	Now that's a workout I can get under!
1	How dare they!
0	That's not how this works.
0	The California Public Records Act means that the copyright belongs to the taxpayers. They can't shut down the information.
0	I won the Nokia N91 with a 4GB hard drive. Actual spinning media hard drive. Was awesome at the time.
0	LOL micro$oft sux amirite guyz? These idiots should get a real operating system like macosx
0	I am aware of the GWX control panel; but I was referring to how lately MSFT is sneaking in 'bad' aspects to normal Win7 Windows Updates. Hence by question for a source that maintains current list of those 'bad' KB files
0	How is this different from other methods like using ramdom mouse movements as a seed?
0	You would have had to set your computer not to automatically update, first, and then read online about which updates to either disallow or roll-back.  I just got lucky.
0	"I'll bet the ""get windows 10"" updates are included in this convenience rollup. It's just another way they're tricking people into upgrading."
1	It's a website we can trust to cover technology news.
0	I installed it awhile ago and haven't been on my computer in a bit. Do you know of this latest patch affects anything or if GWX will still stop the shitty plague that is Windows 10?
0	"""Compound the randomness"" might be a better analogy."
0	"We're wandering into the land of philosophy here. I don't think the paper (let's talk about the paper, I agree the article is fluffy) is making any claims about true (quantum etc) randomness; it's just saying here's an efficient process to ""improve"" randomness."
1	All of them. And that isn't enough to fix iTunes.
1	Hey just buy a new one guys. It's fine.
0	Hm. That's new indeed. Have you tried the usb tool?
0	I have a noob question. I have a SDD, does that use flash or optical? thanks
1	Hey IBM, lotus notes is an amazing collaboration platform. Furthermore, no other messaging service comes even close to Lotus' versatility and user friendly UI, please keep up the good work
0	Which is a huge problem. I propose a generous philanthropist offer people negligible money in exchange for documented vasectomies. Only stupid people would take such an offer, helping curb their reproductive damage to society.
1	But downloading RAM is free
1	Yeah, it's pretty obvious that computers and smart phones are just a fad of the moment.  Thanks Crazy-Trump for pointing out that the tech industry will disappear any minute...
0	I mean if you want to do the bare minimum and be lazy yeah you can just do a box.
1	Look, in the same way that Americans need to think about their bank balance before calling an ambulance, they should also have to pay for a 911 locating service if they want a decent chance of that ambulance finding them in time.
0	Yes but one trade off is less of a tradeoff. Putting a bigger battery on the phone is cheaper and more materially efficient than building a full case and a second battery as well
0	In my experience this only applies to the User Interface.
1	I don't think machines can be coded to keep up with current levels of corruption that's going on with the government.
0	Winners gonna win, and Buffet has shown himself to be one of the best - I just wish I could prognosticate what he's about to pick. Fortunately, in this particular case, AAPL has been a key holding in my portfolio for nearly a decade. I've ridden out the dips, including this latest one, and fully expect my patience and faith to pay additional rewards.
0	You definitely should.
0	Do you manually log into every web site, or do you have your passwords stored in your browser?
0	Best thing Elon could do is promise to use the best American labor and companies available when building or producing products in America.
0	That's not really true though.
1	Speak for yourself... I'm living the cyberpunk dream!
0	Maybe the north-west..
0	Think it was like +20 here in Calgary, again, le sigh
0	"Remindme! August 1, 2016. ""bet reddit gold that the free upgrade period for Windows 10 is extended."""
1	But it's free!
0	This exactly. Where it counts for me, win 10 is slow as fuck. I got used to just typing and searching my programs from the start menu in win 7. With win 10, it immediately tries to search the web for a calculator, and slowly loads because of that. Also, support for 2nd gen intel processors is gone, so gaming proformance has taken a shit too.
0	"The ad I got on the article says ""Surface Pro 4 does more"". So should I expect 15 ads with that?"
0	Gee, that's convenient
0	He must know something. Let's see if there's anything exciting from Apple in the next few months
0	I custom built my computer.  I decide what gets installed, not Microsoft.  Pretty much the gist of it.
1	It's a social experiment. That way they're trying to do good for the community
0	You licensed the Windows operating system.
0	No, cherrypicking would be saying it goes 999 miles per gallon, and using only data from when you're descending down a mountain highway.
0	Add KB3139929  to that list. It's a newer windows 10 Nag update hidden in an IE11 security update.
0	I'm not sure that is true....being able to broadcast an FM signal.  I could be wrong but I think that would require some additional hardware not present in these FM receiver chips.
1	"This happened to my desktop at work and crashed it with a stupid ""wda_violation"" bug or whatever you call it. Totally unnoticeable"
0	You're right - I misread the graph.
0	While it's true that there's absolutely no excuse to sneak an update without consent, I disagree that people oppose the update out of rational reasons. Most people I've talked to about W10 hate it because it's new and they prefer the familiar, even if updating would benefit them.
0	"but they can say ""but it was free!""."
1	Yes this is definitely going to happen, because that is completely legal.
0	"Not necessarily.  The judge could well issue a ""judgment as a matter of law"" after the verdict, ruling that no reasonable jury could have found X based on the evidence presented at trial."
1	Who knew, what is essentially IRC / AOL chat rooms for businesses would be a time waster!
0	It must have, it's constantly asking to upgrade to Windows 10.
0	"UK sounds grouchy it's been lazy on building a tech sector since all it's been doing is educating about ""diversity"" and feminism instead of training British students in important skills."
1	At least they're listening to you!
0	For those of us with a long commute, we do not have the stress of driving before and after work. I'm sure that you will be more productive at work in the morning if you do not have to worry about rush hour traffic or driving safely with stupid people.
0	Tell me how I couldnt be more wrong.
0	Oh, of course. I have no sympathy for any rich middle men.
0	This guy didn't get the joke
1	"""...without the secretary's approval."""
0	An API that does nothing but describe how to interact with public functions is merely factual. Just like how screws and bolts aren't copyright protected
1	Ugh the sun is just artificially manipulating production to hurt the tar sands refineries!
0	If I learned anything while I was in the military, it was that A) the government loves spending money/overpaying and that B) if you don't spend it, you lose it. It's probably just as corrupt as it sounds, but I wasn't the money guy so I can't say I know all that much.
0	Yeah, I hear they'll cut your finger off 'over there' to access your phone.
0	Significant. Still doesn't change anything for me. I'll gladly accept another form of payment from anyone buying something from me. It has yet to happen.
0	Dunno. Perhaps Stephen Colbert gets arrested for saying he can't take a shit without the FBI's camera poking him up the ass? The arrest wouldn't be the cause for a riot; it would be the proverbial match tossed on the pile of fuel canisters.
0	Well think of it this way - the oil is going to run out anyway, so it's only a matter of time before they have to find an alternative.  Rising prices will be good motivation.
0	Me too. I live in Mass and I'm getting 50 down from Fios.
0	What is legal on the darkweb. Who controls the law of what is ok and what is illegal?
0	I live in Belgium and the average person most certainly won't buy a 30k car. In 2013 the average price of a new car sold in Germany was 26k. This includes high end cars costing multiple times that price, in other words the median price will be lower. Not to mention it ignores the entire used car market. As a comparison the price of an average new car in the US is 34k, we simply spend less money on cars.
1	They'll just print more. What could go wrong?
0	Anybody knows what's the situation in regards to resources necessary to produce batteries for electric cars? We'll run out of oil, but will we run out of batteries?
1	No, that would imply cops are people too and not just racist murdering thugs that are always out to get you
0	There is a good chance you ticket price is already subsidized like it is in many places.
0	I'm not wrong. Tesla should not have public betas of safety equipment.
0	People have said that loads of time throughout history. Things progress despite people trying to hold us back.
0	And then a Domino's Drone flies through your window.
0	Movie theaters make almost all of their money from concessions, not tickets.
1	Wow. Sounds awesome and definitely what we want to look foward to.
0	Yeah because fuck people. What's the point of us anyway?
0	Just like when cars put those buggy whip manufacturers out of work!
0	This is good.
0	I think a lot of their work comes from accidents, no?
1	The money will trickle down eventually, just wait.
1	Wow. Ya don't say... GO BERNIE!
0	I do know from experience that a well maintained car requires less attention overall so yeah I guess there would be a drop but by how much? Don't think it'll be the end of the mechanics.
0	I can't tell if your referring to porn or using bing.
1	It's a good thing it's for jobs people shouldn't be working as career anyway.
1	We did it, Reddit!
1	Wow who could have seen this coming, this just in: Companies like MAKING money
0	You forgot that in RedditLand people will argue all year for $15 an hour but when it's actually implemented and all the low skill workers get replaced by robots, redditors will pretend they knew it was going to happen
0	Good.  15/hr for flipping burgers is ridiculous.
1	Oh no, what will we ever do without the minimum wage jobs that Wendy's graces upon us??
1	Oh, no. How will I ever cut Wendy's out of my diet!?!
1	This is exactly what people have been saying, companies can't afford 15/hr for everyone, and now look the robots are taking yer jobs.
0	The problem is the tech illiterate people that slow things down. If they had a person taking orders and a mavhine that would be ideal,  so you don't get stuck behind the old fucks who have no clue.
1	wow who would've thought
0	taxes? police forces? pretty much everything that you get by becoming a sovereign nation.
0	"Exactly. Wendy's doesn't want to automate ""because of a $15 min wage."" They want to automate because ""paying people cuts into profits."""
0	A few vendor certificates is too much education? That's all you really need for an entry level job.
0	32 hours, no benefits.
1	"That'll mean the people working there will get ""better"" jobs right? More automation and improvements in technology *always* means that people get to do more fulfilling jobs, right?"
0	Everyone thinks they'll end up in the space station.
0	See self checkouts to me should only be for a few items. The dumb ass who brings a cart full of groceries to the self checkout defeats the whole purpose.
1	If only this could have easily been foreseen.
0	If the marketplace continues down the path of screwing over society, there will be nothing left to serve the marketplace. No one will be able to afford anything other than the basics, if that.
1	Yeah but you forgot about the 1 repair tech job created per 100 machines, that totally balances it out
0	Yeah, this definitely isn't going to lead to some kind of neo-Luddite uprising.
0	people are starting to use the self check out more and more. Sucks, because I use to go in and out of walmart and now I gotta wait a couple mins to use the self check out
0	Because MS pays people to down vote negative publicity and then post refuting claims.
0	I love Wawa's kiosks. I can't remember ever having an order fucked up since they implemented them. Sheetz has a similar system as well
1	Yeah let's get rid of the minimum wage and everybody would just get paid fairly amiright?
0	Pretty soon fast food places will essentially be walk-in vending machines. I'm cool with that.
1	I find it disturbing though so you shouldn't write that sort of stuff.
0	Which are razor thin in the fast food industry
0	I think every car company owns someone else to some extent now. I didn't think I was offering anything relevant honestly.
1	"No no no! That is the road to independent thinking. There is no such thing as ""both"". You have to pick one."
1	Isn't that their whole reason for being? ;)
0	"Never going back to ""TV"""
0	Finally I can make that burger/chicken/burger of my dreams now that I can make whatever I want.
0	BRING BACK THE EVO!
0	You should be spinning in a circular motion and feel butter smooth on a ball bearing!
0	All of them
1	Yea, noone cant get on thepiratebay.whatever anymore
0	"""You must pay a fine, of two American dollars!"""
1	Ya dropped this
1	Just get Google Fiber man, cause it's available everywhere.
0	Not a South Park reference. Stop being politically correct. Where you piss doesn't matter.
0	We must ban shoes. It appears that over 97% of terrorists have been using shoes to prepare and conduct attacks.
0	That's why I said sorry.
0	Well, I could easily see him activating it on accident though. The fact that a user COULD make this error is what's scary.
0	what's reddits one?
1	Oh thanks, your re-writing of the joke really helped me understand it.
0	But I like Chrome :(
0	Goes great on a CV as well.
1	But some of them are terrorists. That makes the rest evil by association
0	You're being overly confident about your own position and insulting my opinion to make your own seem more plausible.
0	Well some also finished!
1	Nah, it'll be a couple of centuries of premium access.
0	I guess I am. I played with one at the store and was really unimpressed.
0	Kansas must be stopped!!!
1	"""Here's a voluntary list of FBI detractors"" nice try government spy."
0	Of course not. I find it surprising that so many people see no problem with exploiting desperate people.
1	Nit picking what I said I see. Signs of a good argument.
0	Why? What will replace them?
1	What about Comcast? I'm sure they haven't influenced NBC coverage on Net Neutrality at all!
0	I'm all for that, but that doesn't mean they can't take it scary places.  What if Google wrote a presidential candidate a $100mil check.  Its just their freedom to run it how they want right?
0	I'm sure they have no shortage of people willing to be on there for free honestly. I'd be surprised if they gave most of them more than maybe a free pawn stars t-shirt if they come on the show.
0	It's a hypothetical point about the liberty that Google has to provide the experience that they want to. Google has a right to say they don't approve of payday loans in the same way that you have the right to not approve of Google. This is a pointless discussion in the vein of censorship. You're not being prohibited access to information one iota except for in the case where a private business would have provided that for you, which they have no mandate to do.
1	Far better that they pay 3 over draft fees to the banking industry!
0	downvoted because it wants me to turn off my adblocker
1	Sure, because that's definitely what he said.
0	You can pick up a 128GB microSD for like $45. I'd say that's pretty cheap.
0	We need a crowdfunding site that holds their promoted businesses accountable. This is both the fault of greed and stupidity.
0	Bc most people see being arrested for no legal reason as fucked up and you generally fight back when something fucked up happens to you.
0	Based on those hacker convention videos, this is still technically hacking since hackers get into plenty of things via these methods.
1	And think of all that money someone might die with have that society (me) could use. Basically the dead should give all their shit to the living.
0	Spot on. How can someone possibly think that your grandpa reading the same newspaper every day had a more accurate view of reality then the average facebook user. Yes facebook, like the whole internet, is filled with shit. But its also filled with valuable info. Before people would have no opinions on anything outside their tastes. Now people are exposed to countless views and topics that they would never have come across. Mark may be a douche and Facebook may have flaws but it absolutely is having a huge impact on this generations social conscious.
1	But Trump says that China is raping USA
1	Impossible... Didn't you read?  Hyperlinks are dead.
0	man I know exactly how you feel. Everything's gotta be taken with a heaping handful of salt nowadays.
0	Post the exact Model/EMC Identifier#.... and I'll write up a list of exactly what's different.
0	Banning paywall sites is not a security measure, so that just sounds vindictive.
1	Besides, the private sector serves us so well!
1	See that? It's them fureners eatin all teh biys wit der bytes. Damn teriorists
0	It's so choice.
0	It is if the mods are willfully presenting false info in the op
1	hell yeah, let's regulate what can be called fruit too!
0	That was my max until Google came to town. Then they could magically offer 1000/1000.
0	And which was so simple that had you given it as a test question to a classroom of Java students they would have all written the exact same function given the function declaration which is public.
1	"Yes the ""mess"" it's in.  Practically a failed state."
0	You're hired.
0	Reddit has a particularly vigorous circle jerk with anything Tesla related.
0	The sooner the better, if anything.
0	"I think it's called ""get me"" or something like that. They got over 1,000 new applications today. We'll see how it goes."
0	That's right, I check my email on my telegraph machine.
1	I'm sure he spends his board meetings discussing how to get onto the front page of reddit
0	It's happening
1	That's SEXIST!
0	Not really, but then I take it you're not a journalist.
0	"Um, uber spent millions 'lobbying' (bribing) to get their way. I doubt there are many, if any, cab drivers with that kind of money. The only ones I see trying to ""buy off"" politicians is uber."
0	The lease demands getting a ton of fares per hour. They don't drive like assholes *just* because they're assholes. Though that's usually a big part of it.
1	"I can see it now: ""our autonomous cars are just contractors therefore it's their responsibility to provide their own insurance not ours"""
0	55% of the only 17% of registers voters. Hardly a mandate.
0	You Sir/Madame have wowed me, thanks for all the links. This is good information. I'm personally passionate about internet speeds, this type of information helps me build an argument to the town council of why they should explore new options.
1	We got them from a god
1	Aren't you following the thread? The only bogeyman here is *Evil Government!*
1	Remember that time when the world ended because links stopped being underlined?
0	I think what happened is that I actually read the article you linked in the past and regurgitated some of the points.
1	Big news.
0	"The number of people I talk with every week who refuse to use Lyft because they only ""trust"" Uber is absurd. But that's the reality."
0	I saved it in case it gets deleted
0	"""GetMe"" is the alternative in Austin, apparently"
0	The regulation in question is reasonable safety measures and also helps the companies because signage would be somewhat of a deterrent from freelancers who claim to be their drivers, which happens a lot during peak hours with drunk passengers. They regularly get people to just pay cash and charge less than Uber would have.
1	True. Might as well also keep you babies indoors too, since someone could take a picture of them and use the picture for god knows what!
0	Yes, you've said that before, and I've explained that it's irrelevant.
0	I meant that method to sell to you would be through subtle disinformation within the content rather than distinct and largely identifiable advertising that doesn't influence the content. I don't want advertising within the messages of my content.
0	but that doesn't mean tesla didn't do some work and improve and refine the designs of their crumple zones and chassis to be even safer.
0	"Fucking just happened to me on an imgur link from Alien Blue. Some shit-ass game launched like 20 of those ""Do you want to open this link in App Store"" alerts. I had to click decline so many times before I could get back. Absolutely terrible experience."
0	What?  Oh right...  These news sites just have to go get the money from their money tree!  Trying to earn money from their work pffffffft who do they think they are
0	Ban paywalls sites, and label anti-adblock sites
0	If they haven't noticed a drop in ad revenue they probably don't care though.
0	Yes, please.
0	You would think somebody pretending to be a journalist would know the difference of something being in its infancy vs being infantile ...
0	Gilded the gold, yessss
0	I am using an ad-blocker, but Google can't assume that everyone is using one. If ads serve malware, the site is appropriately deemed unsafe.
0	It's almost like someone should be held responsible for mailing someone anthrax.
0	How? If there's some generous person out there who wants to pay their operational costs, why do they have ads in the first place?
0	Well, they're not wrong. There is alot of nasty stuff tucked into torrents.
0	Turn off Windows update and/or migrate to Linux.
0	100 people give this product 5 stars and love it. 1 person hates it and thinks you should go to the competitor next door. Do the math.
0	I'm in the hotel industry and many, many hotels (and associated services) already have policies in place to deal with fraudulent reviews. For example, if you leave a review for a hotel on TripAdvisor and the hotel disputes the review as fraudulent, TripAdvisor will work with the hotel and the reviewer to attempt to verify that the person leaving the review actually stayed at the hotel (or otherwise had some sort of interaction). If the hotel and/or reviewer cannot produce information indicating the reviewer met these conditions, TripAdvisor removes the review.
0	It's still falling and will continue to fall for a while.
1	we dont know and they wont release the information so lets just ignore it instead of assuming what's most likely.
0	A good UI from Apple is old news though.   Continuing to do something is not revolutionary.  If NFC payments really take off I'll give them points for bringing that to the mainstream though.
0	Ha, you're right
0	Hence the real reason for Alphabet.
0	I've heard of a few services that will do the tedious tasks of waiting in line.
0	Smartphones haven't been out 29years; the radiation from older mobile phones are very little in comparison to smart phones especially with big screens. There's a reason why companies like Apple have to put it in that it's harmful to put the screen near your head in its disclaimer.
0	The Malthusian touch
0	Stagnant innovation tends to do that to tech stock prices.
1	What security? Everything can be compromised.
0	Me too.  Earlier this week.  Oh well, it's a great card.
0	Did they say that last time?
0	Could've sworn it was in Fremont, Seattle, next to the troll under the bridge.
0	It's actually pretty neat, if I book a ticket to a concert it will send me a notification an hour before I need to leave in order to make it to the event on time. I've noticed this with concerts and resturaunt reservations. I literally dont do anything at all
0	Oh no. A Chinese phone copying an iPhone. So many people care.
0	It's more an aversion to current management and safety practices, and the storage of the waste.  Otherwise, it's great.
0	It's not like that at all.  Musk isn't asking for an end of oppression; he's advocating the taxation of a rival industry to benefit his own.
0	otherwise just be secret about it
0	Yeah...quick burn out from micromanaging
1	That takes admin time, it should be set up and work without any issues like all IT!
1	I thought the government was against encryption though
1	Don't be stupid horses need air to breathe, and carts don't have rockets. Your comment makes no sense whatsoever.
0	Can have the ability to log into the Senate website? And if so, do you really think the login form doesn't post to an https address?
0	So after a couple of months they wont be forcing the install on us?
1	We need to get these murders rapist child molesters and serial killers more rights!
0	I value a Mercedes at thousands. Doesn't mean I'll buy one. For theft, you need to deprive someone of something. A hypothetical sale that would not have happened doesn't count.
1	You mean to tell me that the for-profit prison system is trying to find a way to make more money off of prisoners? IM SO FUCKING SHOCKED AND SURPRISED!
1	But those plants hurt the economy, man!
0	I'm not saying Apple is on the hook for anything, I was just curious why it came up now and not over the last 30 years.
0	Welcome to the police state.
1	well of course there were a whole 8 sheriffs. you and your ex were a menace to society. and it was of utmost importance to get you under their control
0	PPfftt, their Hyper-V solutions are terrible compared to VMWare. dont get me wrong, Im glad VMWare has competition with VMs like MS and the various LInux flavors out there, but Hyper-V is a little clunky. Admittedly I have experience only with 2008, going to upgrade to 2012 pretty shortly and will see how good that is.
0	I wish our browser apps could do that...  No one wants to load a page with 10 KB of content and 12 MB of ads.
0	Was that rule made today?
1	sounds totally legal and above board, move along
0	They're not allowed, but they can hand the bill to a politician, with a side envelope full of money.
0	Property taxes are nothing in the valley. A $2m house in Cupertino would have prop taxes only around 6k a year. A $2m house in the NYC suburbs would have taxes around 50k a year.
0	Stick with 7, or switch to one of the dozens of linux OSs out there. XP still hasnt become the hive of scum and villany they doom and gloomed it after they stopped support.
0	I don't, but they could still have my Gmail password so I have to change it.
0	No need to worry, President Trump will drop corporate taxes from 35% to 15%, he'll loosen environmental regulations, and he'll abolish the EPA! He's truly fighting for the common person unlike all those other corrupt, self-serving Washington fat cats.
1	Because they need more jobs!
0	WinAMP never left.
1	But prop 13 allows people on pensions to stay in California and in their homes they owned for so long. It's the best legislation ever past.
0	why if the fuck are people still Using iTunes? its not that good at anything in particular
0	I swear physical media is cheaper at times. I've bought dvds for half the price of what it would cost via Google Play or iTunes and then I just torrent the MP4 so I have a digital copy as well.
1	But they are innovators! They have changed the world for the better!
0	I still rock WinAMP.
0	Have you posted this to r/apple?
0	I got one of those bandwidth cap messages AFTER reactivating my service for another month.
0	But it will still download the updates, which for people who have limited bandwidth or don't want their internet slowed randomly (say, during a game tournament) is kind of a problem.
1	Like the banks ordering end-of-day transaction processing in a way that extracts the largest amount of fees? Naw. That would never happen!
0	Some men want to watch the world burn.
1	Are you a teacher? You should be a teacher.
0	Just keep in mind that Apple never enters a market unless they can bring a major competitive advantage.  I expect the Apple car to exceed the Tesla models to the same extent that the iPhone blew past Blackberry.
0	They only have one remaining nuclear power plant, out of twenty-one. They've hopped off of nuclear, unfortunately.
0	This article is also over a year old.
0	Fuck Forbes! I disabled my adblocker and I still couldn't access the story.
0	Millennials know what proxies are because we used them at school to get round their network restrictions. Probably one of the best policies because it taught everyone a thing or two about the Internet.
0	Remotely or ones that reprogram their own car.
0	Same with companies will sell contents to netflix and other groups. Odds are their clients in some countries are thinking why am i paying so much for exclusive rights for my country for this content, when people who live here will or are watching it on another countries version of netflix.
0	Honestly, Netflix in Australia has a pretty low count of movies and shows, probably 1/5 of what US have I understand.
1	Oh yeah, then how'd I watch two episodes of Luther last night then?
1	No that's evil! I'm going to use this to justify content theft!
1	Their just doing it for your own good. Ya know, they heard that if the govt notices you using TOR, or VPN, or encryption of some sort, that they might wonder if you are up to some nefarious activities and 'investigate' you. Netflix wants to avoid that so they are just looking out for your own security and privacy.
0	Came here to make that exact joke damn it
0	This is actually incorrect. Under the Obama admin, we're bombing more nations now than ever before, and the NSA's surveillance powers have only grown.
0	Obama didn't start the wars in the Middle East. Crack open a history book sometime.
0	Agreed, at this point I think he figures 'go big or go home'.
0	It's really disappointing to see so many people claiming to be Americans who apparently see America as their enemy. You are an enemy of America, Jim. Hope you don't consider yourself an American.
1	Oh gosh, what a fucking hero!
0	Uh oh....looks like we've got a little rotten Apple fanboy who's throwing a hissy fit and downvoting anything that isn't a 100% praise of Apple.
0	Nah, loyalty doesn't care about good or evil.  You can be loyal to something bad, and if you can be loyal to something you can betray it.  He was given a clearance level which presumably involves saying that you won't transmit documents and intelligence that have been classified.  He did that.  So he betrayed his employer and his government.  He was morally justified in what he did, sure, and he shouldn't be punished for it ethically speaking.  But what he did is still technically betrayal.
0	"""Pick-up three passengers tonight or your Uber account will be suspended"""
0	The non Smart model is always cheaper, and you can get exactly the same functionality with an STB like a Roku or Apple TV or something - all of which are much cheaper to upgrade than a Smart TV.
0	Wow lol. I do remember getting into a conversation with my driver and he said that my city has a lot of uber drivers. During the day it's maybe 5 dollars to get across town
0	Because looking at your phone screen is as immersive as a headset?!
0	where i live you can only do that if you don't have a tv inside your house. either that or some low speed and expensive internet connection (without phone which i kinda need)
0	Nobody wants a scheduled feed of shows - on-demand on a PC is preferred. Furthermore, we pay more per network, but if HBO Go is any indication, we spend less overall by not subscribing to rubbish we don't want.
1	You get on pornhub that often?
0	It already has in our home.
0	Stupid, fascist theocracy. A bunch of old time communists sitting and protecting their taxi friends
0	I know for a fact that I fucking hate waiting a week for another episode of a show. Releasing all the episodes at once? Fucking goddamn genius. I'd like to buy whoever thought that up a beer.
1	Clear evidence of the wage gap and glass ceiling.
0	Was it more useful afterwards?
1	Because that's all it takes.
1	Yeah, but what about other data types?
0	Trump wants to get into office in order to benefit himself and his own corporate interests.  You can bash Clinton all you want, I don't like her either.  I want Bernie in office.
0	Why?  Just because you don't like him?  It seems to align perfectly with his entire platform.
0	I mean, not really. At all. They both have solid ideas but many people are not comfortable with the way Bernie wants to accomplish them. Don't be so short-sighted.
1	I am really glad they are doing this so far it has worked great for guns, drugs, alcohol, speeding, theft, digital piracy. Once they make these laws they are impossible to break and criminals would be stupid to try.
0	Why does everyone hate Windows 10 so much?
0	Fuck it, shut down the internet, It's been a great time but it's finally reached it's apex.
0	But having a reputation for decrypting means that they're more likely to be paid in the future.
0	Also, it would be hard to get someone to take over the reigns of a failing company without some assurances.  Why would you leave a good stable job to take over a shit show if you were just going to be kicked to the curb with nothing if it didn't work out?
1	Hillary's private email server didn't use encryption, and they did fine.
1	Perhaps we should just wait until it's as bad here as it is in Iraq before we start complaining.
0	Edward Snowden AND the former NSA Director both actually. And when those people agree on something, you gotta listen.
0	I don't care who is watching what I do on the internet. If this leads to more people being busted for illegal activity, it's fine with me.
1	"It's good to see an article that says this; because ""Moore's Law is running out of steam"" has been the subject of an article every 6 months or more since 1990 or earlier, and it's been a few months since one has come out. Good job, way to take your place, article."
0	Even beyond that just simple habeas corpus violation. You can't jail a murder suspect until he produces the smoking gun.
0	Why not?
1	This is bullshit because I'm told by all kinds of pro ad blocker people on this subreddit that they would happily donate to sites they use. There's no way those very generous people would only give $9 a day to the biggest torent site.
1	Most transparent President ever.
0	People are dumb and can't understand sarcasm or what you are saying
1	wow, they're so generous, what a benevolent ISP, *letting* us have that data cap!
0	How do you get a criminal history ? By being convicted. How do you get convicted ? By evidence. If the police can't use it except on already convicted felons then it's not going to be of much use.
0	Translated:  You must be an idiot if you really think that you, by yourself, with no support from anyone else, have enough influence on the system to actually undo the concentrated efforts of a cooperative club of evil people.  If the system was weak enough to be undone by one good man, it would've happened already.  If you want to undo this shitty system, it's going to take cooperating with other good people who want the same thing.  Otherwise you're just going to be forgotten, no matter how much effort you put into it.
1	Slowing down, it's ground for halting these death machines completely!
0	Tesla's are not self driving cars. Their autopilot feature is just a very good assisted cruise control.
0	Because I don't have a better means of communicating with multiple groups of people.
0	Politics is just one giant ass blast.
0	I click da popup
0	add ads intentionally put near buttons you have to click like scroll bar buttons, play buttons etc etc... so thta you accidentally click them.
0	Thats funny, my friend had the same problem with the shitty i3 that his parent bought from best buy. Everytime he touched the pc, he would get accused of killing the pc by his careless behavior....... I told him what to get for a killer gaming rig. An i5 with a gtx 970 . His father is now mad that he accused his son for a fault of his own in thinking he had a good rig when in fact they where running a rowing boat!
1	Yeah, it's totally irrational to fear abusive overreach by extremely powerful intelligence agencies.  That's something that has never ever happened before at any time in history and there's no need for any cost/benefit considerations when discussing how much power these agencies should have.
1	Well, at least it will only be used at concerts. No way will law enforcement use something like that to stop people filming them.
0	Isn't your edge the interest-based thing? Aren't there loads of other apps for non-interest-based friendmaking? Just interested to see where exactly you differ, as I thought it was on having similar/identical interests.
0	There is nothing about the definition of dark fiber that specifies it must be in the ground. It can be in the air, the ground, the water, or running over the moon. Dark fiber is any unlit fiber.
0	I hated the onhub, no web interface, simplified options bit still poor ux trying to navigate the app. Still required often reboots to restore service/functionality. Limited range and speed.
0	That gif has a worrying name.
0	Well if you add just one more pair, that's an extra 18000km of glass to produce plus the shielding and such.
0	I cant wait, I am so sick of people complaining about a free upgrade to best OS on the market.
0	"Eh?  It's ""Royal Canadian Navy""."
0	Son, only God can save you from doing something stupid like that.
0	"""You mean to say you thought a 1.2GB you downloaded was for a 2 minute long trailer?"""
0	Also known as having a home network.
1	or run tor and blame that guy in siberia
0	Hard reset your router first so the password is the default, for plausible deniability. Randomize your MAC as well.
0	Good, because it doesn't.
0	Pardoning her from none of the crimes she is being charged with?
1	I am sure it will never be used in the public by cops or celebrities.
1	Yeah, I guess the UK doesn't have anything going on at the moment.
0	I did.  It says illegal hotel operations, but that isn't a full answer.  I want to know what is illegal about them.  Is the difference between an apartment and a hotel zoning, licensing, or taxing?
0	Only if his testicles descend first.
0	Robot wars, drone edition
0	Careful what you say Ed. Putin might suddenly have an unexpected family member he needs to accommodate on the sofa-bed you're using.
0	Now now... if he had gone public first, they would have just thrown him in jail for the rest of his life.
0	Just need to let the machines take over all driving duties.
1	That will teach them.
0	Not going to happen.
1	"You can't talk bad about muh ""best whistleblower who saved America!"" This is a liberal safe space where we can break the laws we don't agree with after all."
0	I've had my fair share of iOS updates that resulted in several family members calling me asking what happened to their stuff and why everything looks different.
0	I agree that it shouldn't auto update itself, though I have yet to run in to software that has any difficulties in 10 that weren't present in 7.
0	*In the year two thousaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand!*
0	Techsoup sells insanely cheap MS licenses to nonprofits. Not difficult.
0	How do you stop the forced iOS upgrades who's options are only do it tonight or later?
1	Same thing happened to me, but the computer had been in stand by mode for the past two days. I open it up and viola! I'm now the proud operator of the most advanced OS ever built.
0	Agreed, since day one. LOL
0	I thank God every day for being blessed with the ability to click the upgrade button and not have to worry about fighting this problem.
0	Correct me if I am wrong here, but doesn't Chrome by default require you to approve the running of a javascript file, no matter the extension? I am pretty sure the last time I tried to run a legit JS, chrome blocked it requiring me to manually allow it.
1	But we need nuclear energy to go green, am I right reedit?!
0	Rather tricky when the ship is underway.
1	Think of the children! We must protect them from being radicalized!
0	Thermocouples work, but they're fuck-all expensive and the efficiency is terrible.
1	Yea but what happens when the corporation dies from heart attack!?
0	That's a shit ton of data.  Do you download Blu-ray rips all day?
0	It's been good for you for quite a while now, they're just finding out/confirming the ways it's good for you. Up to 5 cups a day helps stave off neurodegenerative diseases.
1	well if you lot would just stop using adblockers
1	Thermite?
0	Or factory *owners*. Day shift makes the ordered products, night shift uses the same machinery to make another batch for you to sell yourself.
0	Samsung completely dominates the TV marketplace and has the best technology, particularly now they make their high end panels back in Korea where the production techniques are kept secret. Maybe you live in China so you don't know any better, but there is no way you can compare a shitty Chinese panel with a Korean-made high end Samsung panel now. It is simply better on all objective criteria.
1	AI bros, the lot of them. Remember, men, this is your fault and you should feel bad
0	Out of curiosity what were some things you ordered. Can't really think of much I would need off ali.
1	Really!?  China ripped off patents?  And the world did nothing?
0	thanks for all that. Already married a Greek / Belgium girl, but won't be able to get either passport unless we move there. Also checked with my Italian dad, but would have had to do it before I was 21. The Irish passport seems most likely.
0	US Customs is in Canada at the major airports when you're flying to the USA.
0	thats very big of you, bro.
0	jobs oiling their joints and polishing their shiny metal ass.
0	That friend? God.
0	read the whole story further down. We followed protocol. At the time you needed state/gov photo ID and a birth certificate. Children only needed the latter. We did what we were supposed to.
1	Yeah, they should switch to Google search where results are politically filtered instead of financially.
0	That's a very ELI5 explanation. The EU as a whole is very dodgy and people don't like it hence why we left.
1	They are, but since tests get cheated on all of the time, they just cheated on the test and passed the class, it's totally fine. Seriously guys, why is this such a big deal?
1	Yeah...when they throw the  (phone)book at ya...they come right behind it with that fist. Gotta loosen that tongue for your confession
0	these are always about those kind of cases - as they try and force hands - who want to defend a kiddy fiddler? However that is not really their intent for the law changes as we all well know it.
1	In Sweden you only have to show up without a passport and they'll give you an apartment, a job and a free driverslicence.
0	Wow! Is it last week again already? How time flies!
0	Still not seeing why you would have to leave Germany.
0	They wanted to do something but they were bombarded by large sacks of free speech donations.
1	That's because it'll ruin their pure Italian/German/French/etc blood. It's a cultural thing, not racism!! Now the US has no pure blood, so *they* are racists for not accepting everyone!
0	I'm sure it's been done before, many times.
0	At least in Canada, they *can't* be sent back unless they commit a serious crime, because they're permanent residents, and that comes with certain rights that can't be taken away without just cause.
1	Remember, only the USA has bigots and racists in 2016.
1	Ah, one of those free loading immigrants we've heard so much about.
0	And Scotland voted more than 60% to stay in the EU. It was mostly England and Wales that decided to leave.
1	Fuckin' immigrants.
0	Willing to bet it's the same % of people. Maybe 50 out of every 100 million
0	google comcast reddit
0	bet folks in the UK are happy they got out before this (assuming they don't already HAVE that of course)
0	I will just straight up pirate whatever I want to watch if they put ads.
0	In addition to not being a bad idea for this reason, it's also an excellent idea if you share rent with roomies.
1	But it's so cheap to get batteries here, not like there are any other good uses for batteries
0	During the time that he said it, it was a pretty popular sentiment.
0	Suing a company is extremely expensive and time consuming.
0	How is this even legal? This would imply a restriction of the rights of the citizen, which of course cannot be put in a contract.
0	Just called Johnson about this. His aide didn't seem to know anything about this. I expressed my displeasure in terms of how he voted on this.
1	i'm not suing comcast, my bank is for taking the money they planned to take from me.
0	Books are another ^^^viable option
0	Or somebody who plans ahead enough to keep six months of food and water at their house.
0	That takes up a lot of time and some fees.  I imagine taking it up with the bank will be faster.
0	Seems an awful lot like another list they were all too happy to pass.
1	Oh I don't need to worry about this because I use incognito.
1	I want to exercise my right to acquiring nuclear warheads. And if you try to stop me it is because you are a pinko commie who hates America!
0	But then they wouldn't be able to put in a rider on an education bill that gives them a $10,000/year pay raise!
1	So they can stop a Hilary Clinton SOS in her tracks?
0	It should be illegal to do this kind of shit where they tack on completely unrelated stuff to the end of another bill.
0	If a service is free, you are the product being sold.  Those square miles of server racks don't pay for themselves.
1	I wonder why they think that. . .
0	Did you lose your password?  I haven't played in seven years or so, but I was under them impression that I could jump back to my account whenever I wanted.
1	"Except that goes again the Declaration of Independence that states ""All men are created equal, but some are more equal then others"". Read it sometime and you'll see that's what it says, just be careful not to smudge the ink on the last bit. Don't know why it hasn't dried yet in the past 200+ years."
0	"Odd, maybe that's some sort of option or specific to the browser I'm using, because after some experimentation they only seem to show up next to autocompletes that have been searched previously and never next to ""fresh"" autocompleted terms for me."
1	I don't care about facts!! Quick, everyone! Switch to DuckDuckGo, the future of search engines!!!
0	Depends on weather, horizon, and cycle.
1	Aw, c'mon guys, this is impossible. Google said they weren't going to be evil!
0	Google censors anti-Hillary searches. Let's ask Hillary to step in and fix it.
0	"Like the Nathan For You episode where he sets his friend up with a date at Quiznos, but Comedy Central forced him to use product placement in the episode. So during the entire date, he kept saying shit like ""You look beautiful today, just like this delicious Quiznos sub. Mmmm Toasty"" and she thought he was the weirdest MF ever."
0	Neutral white is 3000K, so you're covered.
1	No lie... the competition is strong and vast is it not?
0	if we wanted to pay for adds we would get hulu or cable
0	"The day Netflix gets commercials, is the day I start ""sailing"" the seven seas."
1	That's believable
0	They use the term commercial free. Commercial is synonymous with ad.
0	I have Hulu plus for the convenience and ut used to be a couple 30 second ad spots during a show. Now it is 3 X 30 second spots, and I'm getting ready to cancel.
1	if they are happy they won't stop being homeless
1	But lobbing against a bill that helps people fix their own phones is completely ok
0	It's there service, they can choose to have ads, and you can choose to buy their service. I really don't see the problem. Cable, magazines, newspapers all cost money and all still have ads.
0	I run the same set up and never find myself at a loss for content and have zero ads. It's to the point where I'm surprised when I hear a certain movie has come out or I have no idea what weird commercial a co-worker is referencing.
0	Because profit. If you were the owner of a huge company and someone offers you 500 million a year to post a few ads, you would too.
0	Then why don't they?
0	No, that is still what it is. He's just lying so he can bad-mouth Hulu for upvotes.
0	Ads are super irritating when your trying to watch a show, it's not as though they are struggiling financially to have to put ads up
0	Even with stipulation about starting off with the sound!  AMAZING!  Ours fade out a quiet song, then SCREEEEETCH CRASHHHH BOOOM.  HAVE YOU BEEN IN AN ACCIDENT?  CALL ME TO FUCK YOUR MOM!
0	I'm not willing to play give and take with them.  I get what I want or I unsub.
0	Gotta love VPNs, if for no other reason than getting around stupid regional restrictions.
0	A poll of 1200 Redditors that says they don't want ads and don't want to pay more money has 11.5k upvotes, 95% upvoted. Is this groundbreaking research?
0	I do every month since cancelling my Hulu +
1	Yeah, totally unlike when the last generation used to get all huffy over a cable bill increase.
0	You don't think that sounds super spoiled and entitled?
0	I'm more shocked 26% wouldn't.
0	Same. Spotify premium is a mandatory part of my life.
0	it is far easier to just go online and watch an pirated version of the show that it is to move to an different country
0	Except the automatic transmission in the Ford fiesta breaks about once every 6 months. I own it. I wish I bought the manual.
0	why not both?
1	"The 10th rule of Acquisition states ""Greed is eternal."""
1	I'm sure it's just a case of those needing to know the rules know them and those that don't know them have no right being in the commercial drone business.
0	Wintel PCs are optimized for Windows.  We seem to be dealing with that problem by e-cycling them.
1	But it tastes soooo good!!!
0	What's samsung's stance on this. If both top phone manufacturers are against this then resistance is futile
0	Get out of here Harrison! Leave my weapons alone!
0	IMO factoring in repair cost is important when choosing a phone. Its a shame that apple makes these things so expensive but they will continue to do so if people still buy them regardless of future issues.
1	Why would you want to repair an iPhone anyway? Just go buy a NEW one that's shiny and pretty *dances*.
0	Not sure about you, but knowing they basically had everything they needed and yet couldn't prevent it is an argument *against* expanding surveillance, not the other way around
1	Gotta love the LNP!
1	Pfft, who needs a FTTP NBN? Just vote for the LNP so they can destroy it even further with their outdated technology! :'D
0	Screw Apple.
1	Yeah, seems they already have too much data, and not enough brains to do anything useful with it. Maybe more advanced A.I. will be develop, that will allow authorities to  make arrests based on communications, without any exposure to human judgement. The future is so bright!
0	Is incest legal in new jersey?
1	Because attending the concert of your choice for a below market value price is a fundamental human right that the government should provide by threat of force.
0	May depend on sales estimates and how likely they are to sell out. Last concert I went to (Rockfest in KC mo) the difference between buying though ticket master the day of after fees and buying from the venue without ticket master was about $3. Tickets were $73 and $70.
0	it still works if the card expires, if you lose the card you're supposed to call customer service to get a new card attached to it.
0	I remember back in the 90s Garth Brooks would do that, set up a series of show dates and start with a couple shows, then add shows until they stopped selling out. I think he went from 2 shows to 8 in the Twin Cities when I lived there.
0	"You should at least replace one ""a"" with an ""e"" and ask us if we could find it!"
0	The government will not stop until the internet is a shell of its former self.
0	eh, aussie contractors. some are alright blokes, but some are right cunts.
1	We have the biggest Walmart though.
0	Every employment contract I've ever had only stipulated that it was owned by the company if it was related to the work I was doing there, I did it on company time, or I did it using company resources.
1	In all fairness, if Stevie can't see you really don't need to either
1	but what if that extra has a family emergency and couldn't get contacted during that time???
1	Yes but he can't readily imagine it, so it must be intrusive and not helpful
0	Only if this practice ends up generating a decline in sales.
1	Books are always better than movies!
0	Oh we got what you mean.
1	But ipads have better cameras because its bigger
0	Same with a recent Zhu show I went to, they gave plastic cases to put your phone in
1	you could, but at the metal detectors the security will probably just get you to give them up.  don't want you hurting yourself with sharp pointy things
0	In public places but if you're agreeing to the terms set by the venue couldn't they use it?
0	Seen it work perfectly in crowds of 3k and in the stands of the xcel.
0	So, I can sue for not being allowed the use of my phone? Why did you bring fine print up? Were you all out of legitimate points and just threw shit out hoping it stick?
0	"It's like going to a doctor because it hurts to raise your arm, only for him to tell you ""don't raise your arm""."
0	Because I'm not a child and I don't think anyone has the right to dictate what I do with my own possessions.
0	I think Trump is what America needs. I wanted Obama to do well given how excited everyone was. Instead, we have the worst race relations in almost 50 years. Obama has been filling our military leadership with people that don't have experience, and he has made America weaker by constantly apologizing. I think the country deserves a change.
1	You can never be sure they'll never commit crimes in the future!
1	But all that equity!
0	I bet your YouTube channel of all the concerts you've seen has so many views.
0	This is the stupidest thing I have ever read on this site
1	Oh come on, next you are going to tell me his clothing line is made overseas.
0	Yeah but they'll just donate unlimited amounts of money to that candidate's SuperPACs, which are not required to disclose donations.
0	I think they just never **tested** their backups.
0	"This is one of those kind of stories where you ask yourself, ""who gives a fuck about this?"""
0	Just for the sake of argument, should your ISP block a malicious host that downloads gigabytes of data onto your phone in minutes through an ad exploit?
1	I can _totally_ not see thing getting abused in the future.
0	You would not pay. Paywalls have failed. Ads also cost a lot more than what you're suggesting, and vary highly depending on a lot of factors. The company I work for charges about $10k/day for a homepage sidebar ad, with about 1.5m daily visitors. That's$150 CPM (cost per thousand - how most digital ads are sold).
0	ICANN does run the DNS for the root zone to refer to the TLD. The TLD such as Verisign does host very dynamic DNS to refer the lookup to your DNS servers.
1	Good thing carmakers have faced this challenge, imagine the harm that would rise over that industry! Letting people fix things they had nothing to do with designing or building... Completely nuts!
0	"My hometown library (Denver, Colorado) has been lending e-books for a few years now, and the process is incredibly simple. You can browse the collection by any number of categories (author, title, genre, keyword, etc.) and download directly onto your e-reader, tablet or PC. You can also read them in your browser. Our library uses OverDrive software to facilitate all this. Books are generally available in both Adobe and Kindle versions. You can keep them for a maximum of 21 days, at which point they automatically ""disappear"" from your account, or you can return them early as soon as you're finished reading them. If a book you want is already checked out to someone else, you can reserve it and you're automatically notified via email when it's available. You can even see how many people are ahead of you on the ""hold"" list! It's a terrific system and a very easy-to-use website. Of course, it's only available to holders of Denver Public Library cards, for which you need to be a resident."
0	They make most of their profits from selling life insurance I think.
0	Wait, big tech, as in Apple? I can work on my lenovo just fine.
0	"Please don't use this. People exhaust that George Orwell quote. This is horrible advice. You need to explore vocabulary and begin to understand the deeper meaning of words and how some may be more appropriate, colorful, or rhythmic to the reader. When people don't understand words they often take it as an insult to their intellect. They often avoid this feeling by pretending the writer is trying to ""sound smart"". Just look the word up and stop being a pussy.  I am pretty sure that is a Fitzgerald quote."
1	But if you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to worry about!
0	It would seem, according to recent news, that you get the person running for government that big business pays to sponsor.
0	Self aware bus that can self reproduce in the right conditions?  Are you sure you want to pull that string?
0	True, I took SWE so that's the only reference point I have.
0	I'd like to add that exploitation is the way things get done.
0	I mixed up kerning and tracking. Tracking is space between letters. Kerning is how letters like To or Ko overlap.
1	Wonder if any banks will stop doing business with them over this.
0	I am still confused why students in the US need all those books at all.
0	Good! Books were getting ridiculous and tons had errors anyway.
1	Cause it'll only be used against bad people.
0	Compared to what traditional v-configuration engines can run, it is.
0	In order for a gas engine to produce enough electricity to power an electric motor, it would necessarily have to be at least as powerful as the electric motor itself, plus power to make up for the conversion losses. Since most of time when a car is on the road it's not using its full power though, you could get away with using a smaller gas engine and charge the battery as long as the gas engine produces more power than the car is using on average.
0	Hit the gym and lawyer up?
0	"Thank you so much for bringing this up. Cracking the eggs is essential to the omelette, otherwise you just have some hard cooked eggs from a really stupid way of cooking them on a frying pan while they're in the shell. It's a bullshit fucking metaphor and it pisses me the fuck off. Maybe a better metaphor is you're going to make scrambled eggs a couple times before you make an omelette. Or you could say fuck the egg metaphors and use the tried and true ""it's not about how many times you get knocked down, its about how many times you get back up."" Let's face it, egg metaphors are pretty shitty all around."
0	the droneship is undamaged. only cost is just maintaining it and moving it around. which is nothing compared to what spacex saves in launch cost on their rockets.
1	Can't wait for IS to claim responsibility
1	This explosion was intentional to make the other fake launches look legit. You can't fool us SpaceX! We know the world is flat!
0	Google has been doing it for years...
0	I just use the mobile site.
1	Same
0	yeah anyone who wants to stop murderous rapists from coming are so right wing nuts!! omg they want a secure border like every other country on earth? fucking idiots!  they should support TPP so we can outsource more jobs how dare those redneck fucks want to get good jobs?! man those dummies
1	these new changes they've implemented are going over great!
1	Are you saying that the unelected leaders and law makers of the EU want to control the Internet to their advantage, surely this couldn't be the case.
0	That line was gold.
1	Oh but don't you know, white people can't be radicals, they're only patriots.
0	No it isn't.
0	He claimed it could be used to censor people. So either he has no idea what it is, or he's intentionally misrepresenting it to concern troll the alt-right.
0	"You're right, I saw ""V""."
0	Another favorite of mine is 'decimate'.
0	Yeah. Phrasing. Whoops.
1	So even Reddit is catering to casuals now? Pfft.
0	That's the messed up part. If you navigate through the newly submitted material plenty of subs have hundreds of new submissions.
0	Yet you still haven't answered my question
1	Oh wow... I better vote for herr Drumpf!
1	Hmmmmm it sounds familiar, almost like I've seen this somewhere before in the USA. Could it be in politics?
0	What happened in The Donald was probably way worse, they completely spammed the front page for almost a day to countless posts
0	It's the algorithm change that did it. The site moves at a snail's pace now. The big stories stay around for 2 days and the small ones go up then disappear just as quick. It's a fucking mess, they need to go back to the old one.
1	We should ban the subs I don't like!
0	Challenge accepted
0	After further research it would appear that it was only one of the moderators and he has been removed since then so I'll be removing my comment as to not spread misinformation.
0	No difference. PS4/Xbone having exclusives is just as shitty
1	No no no, stop that! That doesn't fit the narrative we want!
0	Sweet. Now mobile data.
0	Washington DC but I'm not sure its a geography thing.  Tech savvy people know the brands but everyone else asks me about my 'new Oculus' when I have a Vive.
1	It's such bs! I've never heard of video games being exclusive. I remember all games on Sega, Nintendo, and PlayStation never had exclusivity.  Such BS Facebook is the first video game company to ever do this. So evil!
0	Maybe for console peasants. We PC users know better.
0	They should call it Beatbox
0	"You cannot look at the work that goes into creating a Vive or Rift and call it ""just a peripheral"". While not a console, these are an entirely new platform and there's currently only two or three that are of quality enough to call them consumer VR headsets."
1	Who cares about lost packets when you're hooked into Google Fiber??
0	It's sort of like Dell PC's getting exclusive games. Kind of. Or you have to use Gamestop brand controllers only to play a particular game.
1	I hope that's
0	I got 6/3 in the city proper. I looked it up once, worse than the national average in many third world countries. Meanwhile, all the folks on Capitol Hill get gigabit internet... it's a fucking disgrace.
1	Haha fibre in Australia! Everyone knows copper cabling is superior! Silly peasant.
0	Isn't the whole point that if you're fighting anyone that you'd need massive force projection against ie not a small third world country, that they can fire 100 missiles at your large carrier and overwhelm defences leading to it being sunk with massive loss of life and resources for no meaningful gain?
0	Shhhhh. Angry redditors are going to downvote you. Oh wait. Dowvotes mean nothing? Oh fuck then who cares.
0	I also get a lot of boring people posting boring posts. And people posting even more boring motivational images, lots of them featuring lions for some reason.
1	Instead of buying the same game twice you get the privilege of buying two machines for the same game. Makes sense to me.
0	There's always money... IN... THE BANANA STAND.
0	Nope that's NGE.
1	Right, and don't forget to tip on a pick-up for all their hard work
0	Separate last mile infrastructure. The reason why all the Cable and Phone companies are continuing to get away with this nonsense is that outside their core network infrastructure, they also own the last mile infrastructure from the Central Office or core nodes.
0	wasnt there a movie released recently about this? some guy fakes a way to get water from mars soil, etc?
0	"""being a good algorithm"" and ""being good at being human""... are entirely different things. Humans are often illogical and abstract and unpredictable. Sometimes we make stupid choices (intentionally) ... that are the right thing, even though to an algorithm it would be the worst option of available choices."
0	I refuse to use Facebook messenger. I uninstalled both that and the facebook app from my phone. If you want to talk to me call me or send me an email.
0	Depends on the porno, I'd imagine.
0	I hope my account has negative value personally.
1	Buy an iPhone !
1	Oh great, just what we all need: less companies and less competition!
0	Compared to?
0	They have some really neat innovative ideas, just nothing that makes it past development.  Face it, they were first with the tablet idea.  The team that brought it to roll out just didn't get it.   Sales, sales, sales was the mantra, not culture, use, and lifestyle.
0	Then jumps over your chair
0	Lol, fuck those days and my Verizon piece of shit LG flip phone that barely did texts. They gave you a power brick with the phone, but I had to buy a new car charger for every phone.
0	I own a phone with the latest tech and insane battery. AMA
0	really good idea  . . . if it was a different pizza place.
0	It does have a network of hundreds of millions of people in a business aimed network, but I'm trying to wrap my head around how this is supposed to pay off for Microsoft.
0	Seriously, I feel like a phone that is 2x as thick with a week long battery would sell pretty well. Thinner does feel more modern, but not if you need to carry around a spare battery just to get a day's usage.
1	Awesome, I was already worrying what I should do with all my money!
0	If that was a pun he is the funniest executive I have ever heard.
0	"Most of what my family watches on Netflix is ""30-minute"" shows. (Actually around 20 minutes on Netflix, because they have no ads.)"
1	yes because we're all sure it can play games at 4k
1	This is the only thing I could think about when I read about Symantec acquiring Blue Coat today. Nothing bad could come from this.
0	BUT CAN IT DO 60FPS @ 1080 ????
1	Just what the world so desperately needs...another spy satellite. I feel safer already.
0	Jokes on them. I have both.
0	Yes but the amount of people that using the service isn't related to how *much* each person uses it.
0	...and connecting with people outside of a dating app.
0	It's because they downvote it.
0	No it doesnt.
0	They're actual pretty late to this despicable game. Just ask any farmer dealing with John Deere. This is a laughable attempt at selling more phones/tractors/etc. Do not support companies that do this.
0	The card is going to fail again.  It's just a matter of time.  It's not a permanent fix.  It's the same exact thing that happened with the early Xbox 360's where the video card would fail with the red ring of death.  Yes people were baking that same motherboard but it would eventually fail again and again and again.
1	Probably made using Leamington tomatoes instead of cement.
1	It's Hulk Hogan!  I wanted to see his tiny steroidal penis!
0	Do you think customers that bring that to Apple will understand that?
1	Right, because they're oh so unique in their warranty policies.
0	Doesn't matter, I've looked at blind comparison photos and made my opinion. Sure, that's subjective, but you've still literally addressed one point out of the ten I made lol
0	I've read some research about possibly replacing the insulin-procuding cells using stem cells, but the problem was that the immune system would attack the new cells as well. If this treatment was applied to stop the immune attack, then the insulin cell replacement treatment was done, that might cute diabetes.
0	Neither does Apple... Did you read the article?
0	Why?
0	Yep. I visited my parents' house recently, and my dad just replaced a fan on our old Macintosh Quadra 700 from 1991. $2.50 in parts, and it still works great.
1	You're so right! I should also never buy home insurance because I never catch my house on fire and ice never been robbed. I shouldn't have life insurance either because I've never died yet.
0	Jack Thompson can go fuck himself with a chainsaw.
0	I'm actually okay with this, sure they are milking the publicity cow, however the more places attach the guys name to rape the less people will forget about it.
0	what kind of niche are you talking about here?
1	Video games caused the Columbine shooting
0	I can tell from this post you have an unhealthy view towards society and women
0	Or just use the FB Purity chrome plugin, which does that and more
1	Wow, so stunning and brave.
1	As long as you aren't committing other crimes you should be able to saw your own arm off and eat it if you want to.
0	*Stop being intelligist!*
0	maybe its time to get with the times?
1	BUT RELIGION!!!
1	Also, what about God?  How dare they not thank him.
0	I dunno, I admire Assange for his actions and sacrifice, but I'm kind of fed up with the perception that we're supposed to accept anything he says about anything.
1	I can see you are the most literal person on the internetz. I apologize for not using a capital lettered hand holding
1	One of the researchers visited the US once! America, fuck yeah!
0	I... never knew about this.  lol
0	So did all those fundraising walk/runs actually pay off?
0	"The government, at least in the US, is *never* going to say ""you can't drive X model of car on public roads."" In my state, they've actually stopped emissions testing for cars without OBD systems. At worst, if you somehow theoretically got caught with modifications that reverse emissions control systems, you'd get fined. Since they don't do emissions inspections on older cars anymore, you could probably do any crazy old thing to it. I had an underpowered 70s sedan that would flood out if you accelerated too hard. I put a 750 cfm carburetor and dual exhaust with no cats on it... Probably illegal as fuck, but at that point I was able to register it as an antique and no one ever bugged me about it again."
1	Yeah but socialized medicine can't possibly motivate research and development and innovative treatments! Where's the profit!?!
0	Why use any windows programs at all?
1	Al Gore invented the Internet too. All hail the Feds,  masterful and benevolent rulers over all
0	Its possible for something like this to happen on a technical level. Would it be possible to prove it though? I find the answer to that to be much more difficult, and the fact that the question is raised should raise alarm bells in all of us. The idea that a google might be showing us a walled-garden of internet search results is one that has been around for a while and certainly should not be ignored.
1	Tesla is God and they know what's right for everyone!
0	Data can't lie. Data is data. Look, I love data. I've employed thousands of datas, I have a great relationship with data. I'm going to do great with the datas, in fact a poll came out in cars recently, I polled 25% with the data; someone said if you get 25% of the data vote, the election is over... but if I'm elected president, we are going to trust the data. We have to trust the data, or we won't have a country any more. We're going to trust the data, and it's going to be a great trust... and the datas are going to pay for it.
0	And balanced ternary is not the only implementation of ternary.
1	According to other people in this thread a minor glitch in the matrix make the entire log invalid.
0	subnetting and programming  are the only things in it you need math for?
0	at least in 1984 only a small portion of the telescreens were being watched.
0	"Why are the red ""Freedom"" states allowing this?"
1	haha you sound smart.
0	Completely right, I don't know how I managed to fail to describe the process of binning so miserably. I've actually had to explain it to people how the gtx 970 and 980 are based on the same chip and the 970 is made when a 980 chip has defects. I am ashamed, thank you for clarifying my heinous brain fact =)
1	Aren't those Droids the phones Apple makes?
1	She could be reincarnated and my last life soul mate?
1	This doesn't seem like it will be abused, at all.
0	This comes up 100% of the time one of these is mentioned.
0	Well no shit.
1	But if they do anything to stop this -obviously- the state is enabling men to rape kids.  Think of the children!
0	480ms is enough time to get shot in the head and have balls repeatedly planted 'twixt your eyes.
0	Or don't start using it at all. 10 years clean and going strong.
0	I'm not sure if you ever get to actually see the list. Hate to disappoint you.
0	"for me when it happens, it's usually ""oh what are you taking in school?"" ""3rd period?"""
1	You had less than a week to go, man. Comon.
0	College means something different in the US and UK. In the US most people are 18 by the time they start college.
0	Zombie sharks with the intelligence of dolphins, and head mounted layzors. Also they can walk on land. And fly. And can breathe in space. Probably nuclear powered.
1	Just make a new app called Kindr already!
0	TIL the Swedish Chef speaks Dutch.
0	Comes up in every password thread
0	"I can't say for sure about the whole ""good looking"" thing. I don't think I'm that bad. I'm definitely in shape though. I go running quite a bit and go to the gym once a week."
0	Nooooo! I love the wish lists! Now I'm gonna have to keep an off-Amazon list with copy/pasted links like some baby boomer!
0	There are a few things that we're doing better, policing generally being one of those things.
0	That doesn't change the fact that American political morals never seem to change: find the bogeyman (Mexicans, Communists, terrorists, Irish, blacks, alcoholics,druggies, etc) and make your entire campaign/policy about blaming everything on and combating them.
0	Well you live in an oligarchy that really only cares about protecting it's work force....... So... Put on a hard hat?
1	Whoa, slow down there, Hilter.
1	HughesNet has me sharing Data with my neighbors... And it's slow as hell. Glad my AT&amp;T hotspot is so affordable
1	What are they, smoke, neon, and television?
0	I wonder if there is a browser extension that for a list of blacklisted sites, if you click a link to it, the extension archives the page and loads that instead
1	'Murica. Fuck yeah.
0	Meh, sometimes I just need to type things out. Troll or not, doesn't bother me. Just thought I'd provide a counterpoint.
0	Vote against them.
1	Because journalism today is such high quality
0	I admire the consistency of Libertarian positions, but I fundamentally disagree with many of their core positions. Also, I think third party candidates are important for informing the course of the election, but I would never personally vote for one given the general trend of first-past-the-post elections.
1	They are going to take down Clinton, so it is all worth it!
0	It also costs much more money/time for the websites to implement compared to ready-made solutions, contradictory to the point of ads which is to *earn* money.
0	The FISA court has denied .03% of all requests. This is the same court the FBI wants to route around.
1	ITT: Professional Reddit lawyers with law degrees and references to jurisprudence.
0	What shows did you watch? I've viewed a variety of stuff on there and have yet to come across an ad
0	Unless you're a billionaire, nobody is carrying around that much liquid cash in their checking account, let alone their paypal account.
0	Bing rewards.  Sign in under a MS account and any search adds a point to your account.  You can spend those points in sweekstakes or you can just buy Amazon gift cards straight out.
0	So if I just keep unsubscribing it should stop eventually, right?
1	Well that makes sense, the printing press was created so less people could have access to information.
0	There is this new thing called the internet that has more content than you could ever consume completely ad free. How old are you grandpa?
0	Do you pay for cable?  Its the same exact thing.
1	I mean there are so few news sites. Wherever will I get my news?
0	Actually, it belongs to the shareholders.
0	Memegen for one.  Every month or so someone gets fired for leaking something.
0	"If they send email using keywords like ""New York Times"" then I'm sure I'm okay with it being marked as spam too."
0	Should have come back as an electric car. That was a missed opportunity.
0	Except they absolutely can operate with everyone using adblocker. Look at Wikipedia, they're the 6th most popular website in the world, their hosting and other costs are astronomical (their 2015-2016 budget calls for 65 million dollars in spending), entirely funded by donations. The NYT could, if they fixed up their company (they're burning through huge sums of money printing newspapers, who buys newspapers in 2016??), fund their operations just off donations too. But they don't seem to understand that their business model is obsolete, so they'll probably not last long enough to do this
1	Oh no what will do without my NYT..... i must stop using adblockers
0	"""High quality journalism"" HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA"
0	"All these people saying ""Fine I will leave"" remember you make no money for them, you just use up their resources in servers and don't pay a thing. You leaveing is what they want :)"
0	I dropped their subscription years ago because of their personnel actions. Another reason not to go back.
0	I wish I could adblock their spammy emails begging me to renew my subscription. I ended my subscription over three years ago, I've been asked to be removed from the mailing list multiple times. I don't want to come back to the New York Times, they don't even fucking deliver the paper (not even the Sunday edition!) to my area.
0	I'd move to another country. You can't really say that's too unreasonable.
0	"""Domestic terrorists threaten the very infrastructure of American Freedom. FBI killed everyone on sight. Details at 11."""
1	Yeah, but desiring any kind of market intervention/regulation impedes the free market and makes you a bleeding-heart liberal.
0	why not?
0	How is what you said different from what I said?
0	"When an industry has high barriers to entry and ""natural"" constraints such as location (utility provisioning like water, gas, light, internet) a free market rarely exists. That's why, even in free America, there is a valid argument that last mile should be government-owned or legislated to be open for third party access."
0	These corporations are parasites.
0	And nothing will happen and they will continue to cap us and we will continue to pay because what are we going to do? *Not* use the internet?
1	Oh sure, lets give the FBI, with such an outstanding history of doing the right thing, free access to our internet usage. What could go wrong.
0	Charlie Sheen
0	brb buying arduinos and shit
0	"Ah, nothing like the company's legal foresight. If you are going to offer/propose a new technology that can (and will) be used as a base for a lawsuit, you cover your bases. And yes, is simple technically to ""keylog"" all imput from a tesla, since all imput passes through the computer(s) that control the car ( no ""mechanical"" ""throttle bodies"" or ""cables"", this is an electric car ( and all cars nowadays are ""fly by wire"" already for the exact same reason)"
0	Integrity?
0	Except how the gear that contacts the fuser assembly grinds down on every one and the only fix is to unscrew it, jam it forward as hard as you can and then tighten the screw back in to get that extra .2mm of contact
0	Agreed. But thats a cold comfort when their lawyers rake you over the coals for all infringements. Both real and imaginary.
0	Humans malfunction more often, and are well known for their insistence on lying to avoid blame.
1	theres no gas in her car!
0	A politician simulator?
1	Thats gotta be great for the longevity of the friends powerbank, I mean phone battery.
1	Maybe Skynet kept some sneaky records to frame him.
0	If the driver was at fault... then so's he.
0	It's Google+ all over again. People might embrace it if it wasn't being forced.
0	The pizza joint I work at has a super popular deal that's $19.99 for 2 XL Pizzas (12 slices each = total of 24 slices = food for 12 people). Bonus: both pizzas get 3 toppings each.
0	It's a sad state of affairs because honestly windows 10 is great. I've been using it almost since release without issue. However essentially forcing users to drink the kool-aid is just creating a massive anti windows 10 sentiment. Microsoft is shooting themselves in the foot, and rather than acknowledge that it hurts they're continuing to do it. It's pathetic.
0	No one wants another botnet dragging the rest of us down.
1	Because nobody owns IOS devices.
0	Don't forget the anti windows 10 circle jerk
0	"That's not how that works. You technically only own ""rights"" to the licences that you get from windows, not the actual license itself. In the ToA, Microsoft can revoke said rights."
0	Yeah, it would be, if I couldn't disable my phone from auto updating its apps.  Or if it decided to randomly shut down my phone and make me unable to receive career-critical phone calls because of said updates.
1	The user always know better.
0	I just went into regedit and added GWX value of 0 and never had an issue since.
0	Yeah, I know. But it's not the greatest idea in my network environment.
0	I'm not seeing this. My computer has some hardware that is not compatible with Windows 10 and my DSL is not going to handle a huge download without my noticing it. But I did get a new laptop which may be a more likely candidate for a forced upgrade.
0	So they could make one, but it wouldn't be $20. They's have to add in a microcontroller to pretend to be an accessory so the iPhone would deliver power, then use the power to charge the other device.
0	Its more likely that they changed their business model into monetising user data
0	ActiveX requirements, I presume?
1	Yeah, but wouldn't it just be magical if people were to *pay* for spyware?
0	Its design also disregards common use cases for desktop computers, and it has poor legacy hardware support. These are also facts.
0	They currently charge for windows 10...? It's like 85 bucks.
0	Well it is a real plus for sure. It says we fucked up and we listened to you and now our shit is awesome
0	Thank you for submitting valid user/customer service ideas to help Microsoft make its products better! - *Microsoft Service Team*
0	It's in a labyrinth on purpose
0	Right click,  then click uninstall.  They are just shortcuts to store pages, and are a big improvement over past versions of Windows that installed entire games like Minesweeper and Solitaire by default.
0	Anything for removing the trackware from machines that already have Windows 10 installed?
0	does this actually happen? i dont think ive ever seen it on my W10 machine
0	What is Redstone 1? Is Microsoft using Minecraft reference taxonomy for their insider builds now?
0	Is someobody holding a gun to your head and preventing you from starting a thread you're interested in?
0	I think the point of the article is that such an application should never be needed.  Updates to the OS are one thing, but even that should be optional, as some updates are known to break things.  But an update to an entirely new OS should be optional, and never a forced ordeal, because you never know what will break, and that is a liability that we have seen over and over again with this whole debacle.
0	You have been to a supermarket. I better not trust your judgement on  picking a line or finding deals.
0	It was known but not confirmed. good on him.  He is a hero to the American public.
0	This article doesn't prove otherwise though that's the thing.
1	So basic Ip7 would be 2gb phone with new camera, same screen and a 256gb model. THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING
0	I wonder how much is there for my account. I cleared and paused my voice history years ago and I denied the Google app access to my microphone.
1	True, but they are robots. They better than us.
0	Great, now try explaining that to gam gam
0	How are they not good enough exactly?
0	I was wondering why it kept sendin me to the play store from chrome. With as intrusive as their apps are, I refuse.
0	North west of England.   java,  spring,  SQL,  SOA,  devops teams,  mixture of legacy/rearchitecture along with new services. Online retail,  so order pipeline,  supply chain,  WMS,...
0	Just build in a 4-year lifespan as a safe-guard.
0	"""It's not for you"". When did he ever say he wants to ""get into the business"" ?"
0	ITT: People who buy the latest greatest Android phones and then complain about an app that takes up 83 mb.
0	This doesn't shock me. Apple has been an SAP client for years and has been developing in house iOS apps the whole time. It probably wouldn't be that hard to take what they developed and make it more open to other businesses.
1	This feels familiar... Not sure why.
0	You didn't read the article.
0	Saudi Arabia also invested a shitload into Uber didn't they?
1	Go ahead and remove the Uber option too. Let them starve
0	"No, you just put their contact information in your personal ""Facebook"" and then you can delete Zuckerberg's shitware and stop being monitored 24-7."
0	changing your name won't make a difference
1	You don't say!
1	So all anybody needs to do is monitor everything that the AI is doing, and react faster than a computer.   . . . It's like they wrote, automation actually *creates* jobs :)
0	If you could meet up with Snowden, ~~would you blow him~~ what would you talk with him about?
0	So CRONY capitalism is the problem then.
0	but I use Linux
0	I'm talking about 20 years down the road when some teenager buys the car with a dead battery for $100 and rigs a new power source out of some kind of new cheap hydrogen fuel cell technology or something. The motor and the drive train will be fine for a long long time. The battery technology is advancing so fast you have no idea what will exist in 20 years.
0	Ya why a notification, why not just make the zipper zips itself.
0	How are you going to transport that e e energy to where it's needed and if you're using solar and wind what's your fail over source? Nuclear?
0	Whore bitch?
0	Texan here, can confirm. Ass is covered in oil.
0	What about microwaves?
0	Hot local Chilean girls want to meet you and give it away for free!
0	Question: Does the battery hold the charge for a while? As in, if it take it out on Monday, and use half the battery life, will it still have half the battery life if I don't drive again until Saturday? Or even longer than that?
0	My sister
1	Just park in the sun and install solar panels on top
0	When it drives
0	well thats a strange feature. why would mk change the list numbering instead of just allowing the user to input a list prefix or something? Anyway thanks for the info.
0	Im actually glad that this is a huge problem right now, and frankly I hope it gets worse. Something has got to convince the world that basic cyber security isn't something to be overlooked, and getting all your shit encrypted and held for ransom seems like it ought to do the trick.
0	I'd say the toxic fumes probably had their way with him first. The breathing apparatus would only last so long.
1	Can you stop fat shaming?
0	Any first person view of the train ride???
0	Statism is a disease.
1	and just a taaaaad bit over budget
0	If Swiss and Italian construction workers are anything like American construction workers, I'm sure they were less than enthused being portrayed as a bunch of naked people prancing around.
0	Well, it doesn't just run up and down. It connects to the F at 63rd to get you from the far east side to midtown, which is pretty useful.
0	I didnt watch the video but the article described it as flamboyant. Went back and watched. Confirmed flamboyant.
0	Difference between improving something when it's active and not shipping any units because they're not done. We've had the F-16 as our multirole fighter since 1975 and god knows it's changed a lot since then.
0	Ah, I rarely comment without reading the article, but I thought there wasn't more information that I needed to know than what was in the title. I was wrong. I wouldn't mind going through in a train.
1	Cant even make a solid piece of cheese?
0	That's two years worth of updates. That's about the best you can ask for from every Android OEM unless you have a Nexus phone.
0	It's the same thing. The Miranda warning you get is only to remind you that you have those rights. The right to remain silent comes from the 5th directly.
1	Landmines
0	Phased out by what? It's not going to be PCs anytime soon for most consumers. The timeline for the next generation of consoles is probably at least 3-4 years in the future.
0	"Yep! I can hear it now ""iPhone 8s comes in 16 GB for $199 and 256 GB for $299. HA we will strong arm you into paying more!"""
0	Are they gonna sit at her front door and follow her into the parking lot?
0	For some reason, I was expecting the Billy Madison clip.
0	I didn't know whales could walk
0	I often wear headphones to drown other noises out. Can this feature be turned off?
0	isn't that the entire purpose of patents? do you think it's only for revolutionary ideas that no one has thought about before XD?
0	You have a flaw in your plan.
0	Thank you all for the technique, I will try it a few times. I did it once already and I've still got the ringing. I had surgery in March to repair my eardrum so I'm being patient with it.
0	Mayer?
0	Meanwhile I live in a country where contradicting the consumer laws is an offence itself and earned companies like Apple millions in fines.
0	You do know what driver software is, don't you?
1	Wait, so Microsoft and Windows 10 may *not* be the Third Reich!? Blasphemy!
0	And Hillary supporters say that in person she's warm and funny, not a lizard person.
0	"The world is no longer a place where a ""kindly old grandpappy"" is in any way ""ideal"". The world is moving forward and making technological leaps daily. The next great war has started and it is being fought digitally and online. We cannot afford a president who is stuck in the past or cannot understand the technological challenges the future is bringing."
0	Fine, net zero on a human timescale.
1	It doesn't count because my feelings?
1	Let's put some 23-year-old programmer with the Oval Office. That will go over well
0	Yo man, I thought you was black?
0	What globalism is fine?
0	That subreddit does not represent the entirety of the UK either.
1	establish another llc as the cosinger, duh.
0	What's the best way to convert my vast collection of Betamax tapes &amp; A-tracks to digital?
0	What's your ICQ number?
1	But there are two ears.
0	The dude made a point at the end of the article that apparently women would be more badly affected by this kind of thing? Uh, whatever mate. Stop white knighting.
0	I don't think that's it.
0	But you know, I really want to eat my bacon hat.
1	His job is telling companies how to avoid paying tax, surprisingly he sees no problem with this
0	Yeah, most smaller private companies I know are run by really stand-up guys.
1	Your bosses should require you to hand over those files. That's free money for them. You signed a contract that the work you produce is theirs
0	I'm on the Threshold2, the one currently available to everyone. Redstone is the anniversary update that's on the way. (The one which Cortana will become annoying to no end for non-Enterprise installations)
0	So I just upgraded to windows 10 and kind of like it. Was originally at windows 7 if that means anything. Should i switch back or stay with 10? Only reason i ask is because of all the hate but i haven't noticed anything out of place (as far as files) seems a little easier for me.
0	How much you spend on tinfoil every month?
1	I know! Have you seen the BMW plant in Leipzig? they had to put nets up to keep workers from killing themselves!
0	It also alters the frequency response, sometimes dramatically.
1	But Microsoft are ***EVIL***.
1	Wait, someone actually cares which catastrophy is voted for this year?
0	The worst thing about all of this is I thought  Windows was finally getting better. Windows 8 was garbage so I was a strong defender of Windows 10. It's impossible to defend their recent actions,and it sucks too because I really like windows 10.
0	My computer has it disabled.  The trouble is the less computer literate people and the park laptops, which we're not allowed to touch.
0	My work computer was forced installed. Pissed me off because it crashed and corrupted the whole thing. Lost a shit ton of files and could only recover a small percentage.
0	Facebook won the right to track you (in Belgium I think?) through your friends' photos, etc even if you don't have a Facebook account yourself.
0	LM for Life for me.
1	Well of course! Haven't you heard that all programmers hate women and just don't want to work with them?
1	Boo hoo, but I don't *like* adapters, they only exist for Apple to extort more money from us!
0	Bitches cant take a joke.
1	It's ok for her to make sexual jokes though. She's the victim here guys.
0	So you're saying we should combine Lightning and 3.5mm audio jacks into... Lightning 3.5?  That's just crazy enough to entertain the thought.
1	It's gonna be so good watching' this guy eat his bacon hat.
1	Every year is the year of Linux on the desktop.
0	Wish it was 1 Law suit for every time cortana popped up.
1	Big brother Microsoft knows whats best
0	And that would be why you think the quality is good.
0	That varies from area to area. I don't know anyone personally here who gets 4 Mbps up, it's usually between 10 and 20 Mbps.
0	This is unfair because Trump uses a ghostwriter, while Hitler wrote his own book.
1	Please stop destroying clickbait articles with your rational argument, okay?
0	No consumer experience? Are you on drugs?
0	So would Johnson, and he's actually on the ballot in enough states to win.  With all due respect, you're not.
1	Oh really?  Like when two governors from one of the major parties run for president on a third party ticket?  Would that be an example of what you're talking about?
0	Something the major parties' candidates would never do!
1	It's whatever they consider themselves
0	Horseshit. If I'm alone in a public corridor talking to another person, I expect that it's a private conversation, the same as it would be private if we were in the middle of an open field in a public park.
0	Isn't that fine, lunch money to them?
1	I bet Trump is all for net neutrality
1	Can't wait for Hillary to get into office, she's on our side!!
0	For companies that complain about having no money to invest in their networks, they sure seem to spend a lot buying other companies.
1	THE LAST BASTION OF FREE SPEECH
1	It's not a monopoly. You could always get DSL or dial up, provided they haven't stopped repairing their phone lines
0	But that IP address will eventually be identified as a Tor node.
0	Ah ok , yeah fairly boring really.
0	The startup capital and invested time. Nothing major really, you're right.
0	They do, and they won't be affected by this. Ignore the article title and read the article: Prosecution only occurs when using a VPN to access blocked services.
0	"Did... did you just pull the ""in this year"" argument?"
0	Having privacy and expecting privacy are different things. Most people don't realize how little privacy they actually have, myself included. If they did, they would be outraged.
0	easy, just disable windows
1	Oh but apple and mac and ios are awesome, fuck microsoft
0	It's extremely easy to disable Cortana. I've done that 29 times already.
0	That's the option they removed in Sierra.
0	"I mean we're both essentially saying the same thing, just from different perspectives. I agree with you on those points. My point is simply that *to the gamers*, it doesn't matter whether or not it's the developers' faults, because that still means they can't play those games on Linux. I'm not saying it's not important in a more general sense, but if we're talking specifically about the individual consumers, the ""how"" of the issue doesn't really matter at all, only the issue itself, because either way, there's nothing they can really do about it."
1	Nice to find out about this just as i updated my PC!
0	People like me have too much invested in their browsers to just change it overnight. Years and years of web results, extensions, bookmarks, etc.
0	I'm a native English speaker with a southern accent, and it's a mess.
0	It's the rabid anti-MS contingent of reddit, they're not satisfied until they can nuke it from orbit with one keystroke.
0	I've read the books. Halo 5 was still pretty batshit.
0	Many blessing to you, I have major problems with it since my laptop upgraded to it.
0	Which is kind-of weird, because their android apps are top notch.
0	Not saying devs shouldn't support it... but they don't have to _like_ it.
0	Oh you delicate flower.
1	Paramount Pictures changes mind, and says only those in European Union.
1	But mah security
0	The linked post addresses both the old and fixed auto-fill, and the newer RCE (which is also already fixed).
0	It's like Walt Disney and EPCOT all over again.
1	Google plus
0	Yeah, I never knew Allen Iverson was such a creep.
0	Because the value of data harvested from all the users who don't know, or don't care, outweighs the percentage of informed consumers who **do** care.
0	you can't afford it, get out
0	"The nearby mountain range can be called ""The Great Googly Mooglies"""
0	So you're paying $91-106, per month, for cable TV.  That's a $70 premium over the packages that do not have the channels you mentioned.  They charge you more money for additional channels.  You are literally paying extra for them.
0	More than one thing can cause problems you know.
0	"If your neighbor rats you &amp; your mistress out to your wife. You don't turn to your wife &amp; go ""Do you really want this neighbor influencing our marriage?"""
0	Uh huh yeah. Next thing you're gonna tell me that John Smith isn't my neighborhood HOA leader here in Texas.
1	Wow, this sounds like it'll be *completely unpossible* to ever fix via software patches!!!
0	Read next: 2 more articles that help you play Pokemon Go
0	Cool, so if I have have my employer pay me in Bitcoin, then I don't have to pay income taxes, because I technically don't have an income!!!
0	"The number of ""battery breakthrough"" that are announced is massively superior to the ones that actually reach market. We are still using good ole li-ion or li-polymer."
1	Maybe because it might be against Trump.
1	Married hackers are better than you!
0	Also: might be team hillary spamming the report button like their nomination depend upon it
0	And internet provider is free to censor your traffic. Bla bla bla. Stop this BS please. Internet can't work without the IT companies and business of one sort or another. So their neutrality must be demanded by society just like the free speech on the street.
0	It was reported as fixed in a tweet in the article prior to this reddit post. OP just chummed the waters.
0	And here I thought slapstick was a dead art.
1	You mean you DON'T plan on doing zero to 60 in 3 seconds in a fucking van??? I don't understand how you wouldn't consider this practical?!?
0	Vote Green and you'll throw away your vote and get Trump elected.
0	I wouldn't call this year a success for them. It was more a hostile take over by Trump. Say what you will about him, he won without being an insider.
0	Does this imply that a government agency has them and is releasing them through Yahoo so they will be allowed as evidence in a trial?
1	Wow. She could be the POTUS some day.
0	Or it may move down. Hard to say. Depends if investors think it is good idea or see Solar City every making money.
1	Yeah its the vagina i have a problem with, not the evil monster.
0	Yahoo is the Hitachi of the Internet. They make one of everything but aren't the best at anything. I wouldn't care in the slightest if they simply folded tomorrow.
0	"If/when Net Neutrality is repealed, Verizon will be uniquely ready among telecoms to roll out tiered Internet (like how Cable TV is packaged).  Yahoo would be the portal for ""Basic Service"" subscribers, while Google would be throttled or blocked unless you pay extra.  Why else would they buy a company that loses $4B a quarter?"
1	Yeah look how well Sega are doing after going 3rd party
0	Ads suck. You liking ads because they are from Google makes no sense to me.
0	I thought you meant the show :/
0	I doubt I'd have access to that information any more, since that contract is done with as of a few years ago
0	If you're an idiot that can't use a computer properly.
0	Their stock only started to rise from the on going tank after it was announced they were for sale and had started selling assets.
0	That's some quality Businese, right there.
0	Proof?
0	Why does water come out of the deck of the ship when it hits a wave? Is that a drain?
1	Yeah cuz our military budget could really use a boost
0	I did not sign in to onedrive and it uploaded 10g of my data, to itself, through my phone, per my usage stats.  (Although there is nothing in my onedrive account, so i assume it just went to microsoft, somewhere). New computer.  Later doing research on the problem, I found a webpage when many others had the same problem (un-authorized massive upload), in some case people said it cost them hundreds of dollars.  Still looking for the webpage.
0	So an IP is a person?
1	Reverse psychology.  Part of a vast right-wing conspiracy.  It was planned all along.
0	That's also in line with the per license cost of the software they installed on some 550,000 computers. We're not talking copies of Skyrim, that's expensive shit they pirated. That's a lot of money that could go toward developing upgrades and new features for the software, to boot.
1	But but Hillary tried to destroy evidence and she got off free right?
0	Why??
0	We need guerrilla warfare. Post signs outside, around town that either just say #DNCleak or a printout of an email.
0	They've been doing this kind of shit forever. Any time a conservative movement is trending it won't appear. Fuck twitter. I can't wait for them to go under.
0	Trump likes blondes in general
1	But newer is better !!
0	The views of his followers were clearly worse than people calling for terrorist acts.
1	That's that clown that hangs out with kids eating burgers right?
0	World Wide in a sense of rational numbers being everywhere.
0	Yeah, imagine the anarchy that would ensue if Telephone providers were required to provide service regardless of their users political affiliation!
0	"Quick blame ""racists"""
1	because big companies has absolutely nothing to do with the government.
0	Just changed my voter registration to unaffiliated. It's not much, but.
0	That's true until they become analogous to the town square. Then theirs responsibilities change.
0	I am pretty sure that Correct The Record would count as brigading, but they are *still* allowed to operate.
1	Fucking bernie bros they're obviously conspiracy theorists
0	Somewhere, liberals are thinking up ways to blame this on conservatives.
0	Is it a private institution or is it a utility?
0	No. Sam Altman was never CEO AFAIK.
0	Have an upvote.
0	What could go wrong?!?!
0	The T-34-85 is the best seal clubber in this game. Its cannon can blow up any tank in its matchmaking area with 1 hit, including a Tiger. The other T-34's don't fight Tigers, instead they just blow up Panzer IV's in one hit.
1	She is old... probably claimed it is Satanic worship to capture animals in such a manner.
0	The Ford F-150 is one of the highest volume vehicles built and the cab and bed are almost entirely aluminium (the frame is steel), I think the firewall panel is the only steel body panel.
0	Damn I would totally wear a rearden steel/taggart transcontinental shirt
0	I was in that, but they forced me off it into this one. I believe I get 30gb tethering.
0	Even if that affected the game I believe that maps will only use offline data if you have no connection. If you do it seems like it still tries to fetch the latest data.
1	Yeah, suicide squad looks lame
0	Could just be another deflection from all the #DNCLeaks
1	Awesome.  Now I just need to buy a $300 mini-printer because I can't drag my finger straight up my phone screen.
0	Yeah... just like every music label has their own app.
1	I'd rather be naive than an arrogant, condescending prick.
0	I've never heard anyone say they were cancelling Netflix honestly. Maybe I just don't know enough people!
0	I'd image the new Disney contract is going to boost subscriptions substantially.
1	In the meantime, you can just prevent them from listening by wrapping your phone in tinfoil.
0	Yeah, but on demand, better, and cheaper. Like the old Netflix. I remember when I got it six years ago, I had like a 250gb external (respectable at the time) full of shows and I was like, well, that's probably the last of the shows I'm gonna torrent, they're all on Netflix anyway. But I'll dig the thing out and dust it off if it hets bad enough.
1	This is an important issue today. I'm glad it had outlived the three Hilary wikileaks posts and the Munich mall shooting on my front page
0	To be honest I have been watching more and more mediocre movies because I've seen the good ones and they're not adding any good ones anymore...
1	Eh, not if you leave WiFi disabled a vast vast majority of the time.
0	Not terribly concerned. I doubt the feds would waste time and resources prosecuting low-volume end users who leech files and then sign off. They're probably concerned with catching the suppliers. I've used TPB on and off for years and haven't even gotten a C&amp;D letter from my ISP.
0	Dexter, Prison Break, Narcos, Family Guy
0	Hulu has a much better selection of old stuff.
0	Well fuck you
0	You're right, if I had perfect morals and cared enough I would find a legal route or just not view the content at all. However I, like most people, have moral grey areas and availability of illegal content doesn't help.
0	Sorry, still gotta downvote you for the all caps
0	So Say We All
0	*BACK IN THE NINETIES I WAS ON A VERY FAMOUS TV SHOWWW..*
0	My DNS got banned so I lost my US Netflix. Lo and behold. It actually got better without the DNS!
0	"Aspect ratio is An artistic choice, as Xavier Dolan did on ""Mommy"" when he chose 1:1. ""Oh noes! Where did my side-pixels went now?! Geez..."""
0	Nice title. How long did it take you to think of that?
0	Sounds like a fun place to work!
0	The bar for genius has gotten really low.
0	I don't think o trust myself around free alcohol without getting very drunk.
0	Reddit sucks. Does anyone even go there anymore?
0	I know, back in the old days, you missed a show, that was it. You missed it. And it changed your life not one bit.
1	Shh shhh you poor ignorant soul listen to the white upper middle class white women they know what's best for you
0	You can unsubscribe from any subreddit you dislike the content from
0	True, but none of these parasites actually had PTSD.
0	He's from New Zealand, they're a few hours ahead of us
0	Sounds to me like a bunch of diversity hires couldn't hack it.
0	High quality music streaming... I can't stand the super compressed shitty sound that sirrius and xm radio put out so I tried Pandora, but that's also limited to ~56kb on mobile.  I tried Spotify with its 384kb music and it was absolutely amazing but I could burn through a GB per day listening to it. If reception weren't such an important factor I'd switch off Verizon in a heartbeat but nobody else comes close in that regard.
0	yup, I work in EU data protection and these Reddit commenters are really underestimating data protection experts. CNIL is not a bunch of clueless old bureaucrats.
1	it is a well known scientific fact that if one experiences a limited setback on an emerging technology one should abandon all hope for future advancement. thats just how science works.
0	But on paid Google Apps, the mining/usage of that data is very different. For education, it legally needs to abide by school policies and FERPA. Business customers also demand a lot more transparency and security with their data than consumers.
0	Proxy arrest for USA
0	They should just sell solar shingles that are installed similar to how a regular roof is already installed. They all just kind of plug into each other and you just layer them up and cover the entire roof. Not sure how well that would work in areas with lots of hail though.
1	but they have given consent! it's all on the fifty-seven page of the terms and conditions!
0	That depends entirely on how much power you use. Bear in mind there are plenty of people that already live off grid on solar today (and do so without having to give up modernity in the process).
0	Welon?
0	65 mile per hour club
0	Everyone on reddit is a bot except you
1	It's a wonder how rental car companies have managed to survive all these years.
0	It's a scam.
0	Why not both?
0	Will the FBI drop the ball on this one t...Er, I mean, will the FBI look into this thoroughly too?
0	made out of sustainably farmed plastic in the south of france.
0	Not really. I don't care if the other guy disagrees with me, I do care about people who tell others they aren't allowed to have opinions.
0	Really? Looks like I'm going to loot my parents house soon.
0	Schools. Up until a couple years ago, we were buying about 100/year to replace failing units that faculty refused to let go of.
0	Pokemon Stop.
0	The official reddit app sucks compared to alien blue, unfortunately I just switched phones, and to my dismay alien blue is no longer available.
0	Wax cylinders can reproduce sound with the same relative quality as VHS and video.  Roughly 280 lines of resolution in VHS.  Eechh.
1	A what?
0	Or pre-Blockbuster, heading to the local video rental store and making sure you were on the VHS side, not the Betamax side.
0	It won't be maintained by gorhill. He has stated that he has no interest in ever working on an Edge port.
1	Because the cloud is a safe place to store your data.
0	It would be a great deal if they tripled their prices. Their content is just better. I don't watch cable shows on the major networks because they are so plain and repetitive. They don't show anything dark, no language, no sex, no violence, no heart-warming stories, no emotion. It's fake in the most boring way possible.
1	Sure does make me want to go out and buy one!
0	Reddit is fun master race.
1	but MS is evil and using all your data
0	You can disable it at install if you opt to customize settings there so maybe you did that.
0	Doing Societies work.
0	There really is no jurisdiction. The best they can do - short of treaties being signed, is ask nicely.
0	How is sling working for you? I've had it a couple times now and its reliability has always been spotty for me.
1	I, too, prefer technology from 2009
0	All those things you mentioned are widely hated in the U.S.A as well.
1	Why even have warrants?! Why can't we just look wherever we want based on even the slightest bit of suspicion. Why stop at electronics? Why not homes and vehicles and any other variation on private property. Fuck rights.
0	By that, I mean most British people seem to disagree with most Americans on most key issues. And the public opinion in the UK of American politics, politicians and government seems to be very negative. This opposition has been exacerbated by things like the Iraq War, the NSA's many scandals, and the recent popularity of Trump, who is widely hated in the UK. There have been many people calling for the UK to break off its 'special relationship' with the US, and multiple political parties (like the Green Party) promised to do just that before the 2015 election.
1	First rule of government... Don't fuck with royalty regardless of how bad their fuck up is!
0	Marissa Mayer is hot as fuck. There. I said it.
0	And porn. Lots of porn.
1	Yeah Reddit is really known for shying away from commenting about Snowden
0	I hear you. Still, though, I can't wait for the day when I take a picture of my girlfriend while a random dude playing with his iPhone walks by in the background, and I start seeing ads for iPhone chargers and mobile rate plans.
0	bitch to your government people, its because they allow people to have sole distribution rights and then those people dick you the costumer
0	I'd be worried if anyone was upset about this.
0	Netflix originals are for the most part good IMO. I think what people are complaining about (that I agree with) is that the vast majority of their remaining selection is garbage. C-grade movies, etc. Heck, I can't even find the horrible-but-good movies like Toxic Avenger that I'd want to watch.
0	Actually it won't turn out the same. A mold could produce a better quality replica and then you only need to smooth out the seam instead of trying to hide the characteristic 3D printed layers.
1	Let's tell the whole world!
0	So are dehorned rhinos, so they are going to die either way.  At least this kills the profitability.
0	Nuggets are 10 cents more because of these assholes. Boooooo!
1	The anti-porn people are just watching it everyday to remind themselves of how bad it is.
0	Honestly, poisoning random eggs would be more effective.
0	Bunch of wankers
0	Given how much money is on the line, isn't it more likely they'll just train the poachers to spot the fake eggs, or even easier, just throw the eggs into a lined bag which blocks GPS signals?
0	They both will, it's just a matter of who will be worse.
1	Yes, because giving unlimited traffic will help congestion
0	Genuine question. How have you not been banned for trolling after 3 years? No way you can be this stupid in real life.
1	Well forgive me for using Comcast as the example. Obviously European ISPs will hold the moral high ground and refuse to partake in such uncompetitive shenanigans.
0	Can't, won't, or shouldn't?  I'm fairly sure that they indeed can, and probably will, regardless of the other two being claimed.
1	Does anybody else dislike comcast?
0	Weed causes paranoia.
1	So, basically open air microwave ovens.
0	"If it is a Amazon or Google, or MS they believe they are ""too big to fail""  ofcourse then you can point out the numerous times each of these companies have simply stopped services with little warning to the users.  So while the company may not go out of business nothing requires them to continue to operate any given service"
0	I mean I feel like when you're making millions a day you could pour some of that to make sure your customer can actually play and purchase micro transactions.
0	Every time someone brings up the text book definition of theft when trying to justify their illegal acquisition of an intangible good a kitten should be killed.
0	Good read. Thx
0	Is there a Pokemon Go serverwatch online somewhere so I can just check it to see if it's the servers or me having a problem?
0	We want internet too, or no deal.
0	I don't see the media blaming the technology in this article. Mentioning the game and what it is isn't assigning blame.
1	Yeah, all those lazy bums should just go back to school with all the money they've saved up from their 40 years of paycheck to paycheck work. The only difference between a factory worker and a doctor is dedication!
0	Seems like the first would render the second unneeded - just mandate bisexuality for everyone, and you straight up don't have tow worry about it!
1	Yeah it's just that easy because there's no way the business could fail and leave them all in a massive amount of debt.
0	That's exactly why it would fail. That just won't happen.
0	Then it just means there is too much secrecy.
0	I don't think saying that he took no personal responsibility is in any way accurate. He lives in Russia now because he has nowhere else to go. I think he did the most responsible thing he could have done. Far better than Chelsea Manning, who just blanket released everything to Wikileaks, who then blanket released everything to the public.
0	We are at war with ISIS. The Party was always at war with ISIS.
0	Wooot, both my rep voted nay
0	My family got a 1TB data cap, and the claim it won't affact us since we've only used like 350GB the last few months, when in reality I just haven't been downloading stuff as much as I use to, and I was starting back up like last month after a harddrive crashed. :/
0	May the fourth be with you.
0	Does anyone read this and think it's bad news?
0	XBL is commercialized as all hell. Even without XBL the whole XB system is set to be commercialized right from the home screen.
0	"More so than ""Anti-ISIS Act""?"
0	Paul Gosar, killing it. Love that guy and glad he's my rep.
0	Well yeah, if doing the right thing never changed but your chances of getting elected did, then you're in Hillary's shoes.
1	Nice to see no one from my state
0	The director of the FBI himself said on record that Hillary gave non cleared people access to classified information.
1	Yeah because he handled top secret information and his last government job so well.
0	More like a fourth party candidate. *Gary Johnson* has a better chance than her.
1	That's not a drastic policy, it's just sensible
0	When you go to Disney you better expect the full experience.
0	This is a case that needs to go to the Supreme Court.  Being compelled to use your own finger to unlock your phone is an obvious violation of the 5th amendment, even if current case law says otherwise.  It needs to go to the Supreme Court so they can rule on the side of the people and make it so police cannot compel you to place your finger on the phone to unlock it without tainting every piece of evidence on the phone.
0	TIL. Thanks; I'm glad to see that some countries are moving strongly against this practice. Hopefully the US and EU will catch up.
0	Imagine if you could have a single machine that could run games from all of these systems
0	Well, with any luck he'll die of age-related complications soon. So there's that
0	Calling in the swat team is not equivalent to hiring an assassin. Because that says we expect our swat teams to kill whoever they are investigating as a matter of proper policy. Whenever the SWAT team goes into a house, I expect them to have body cameras and be accountable for their use of force.
0	Yeah... one can wish though.
1	Naw, machines never make mistakes.  That's what all the futurist fanboys tell me, and they're always right.
0	It's about busting it out at a friend's house. Fooling with computers is a buzzkill sometimes.
0	I get 120/35 and I only ever use a small fraction of that 35. I laugh every time someone from fios tells me how much better their 100/100 plan is compared to my current plan.
0	Seldom I am happy MS wins anything, but this is one.
1	Good. Nobody in Saudi Arabia deserves privacy.
1	Well because it isn't MY representative that's the problem. It's all those other ones.
0	People think that they are harming Trump's chances and his image by plastering everything he does to news and social media. Their actions are having exactly the opposite effect, and I imagine that Trump really appreciates it. I find it pretty humorous.
0	If this thing has decent hardware in it either doing an awesome job emulating, or natively playing games off an internal flash, here's hoping for an easy hack to upgrade or replace the roms on the flash :)
0	Well, Nintendo dropped Mike Tyson after he got caught beating his wife (Robin Givens).  So there's that.
0	King Hippo is a tomato can. You only have to knock his fat ass down once. Dodge until he opens his mouth, one punch to the face and then alternate body blows. KO.
1	From the people I interact with, I fail to see how you can identify a computer from a human by the level of common sense they have.
1	Man, I wish I had Comcast! That's twice my current speed.
0	I imagine they are taking total surface area, multiple membranes.
0	Does there exist a car that has features not available on any other car? If not, then what a pointless thing to point out
1	There's no way it could ever parse sarcasm the same way you or I do.
0	I did actually, thanks.
1	But then how would the NSA keep you safe?
1	Only for the consumer who dont know what they are doing, of course its fine for business purposes right?
0	Are we just going to ignore that for quite literally *thousands* of years books were DRM free without much of an issue for the authors?
0	"""Chekovs Gun"" was coined back in the late 19th early 20th century. That you should only show things relevnet to the plot. So it is not that new."
1	Hey look everyone, software stabilization isn't as good as OIS!
0	What a sweet summer child, right?
0	Ah yes, 2^8
0	Also, It sucks to have Verizon in a place where they don't have cell coverage.
0	Not from typical video, no.  There just isn't enough detail unless you get real close with the camera.  But you can do facial matching instead.
0	"Remember that ""guess your age"" app from Microsoft?"
0	So, the same result as not using it, then.
0	That's not the point and you know it.
0	You aren't a real citizen of the internet until you Run The Gauntlet.
0	Don't you think airing the opening ceremonies without commercials is a reason to watch?  There's no competition for that airing.
0	Qualified immunity is just that, qualified.  It isn't immunity.  The second an official violates the rights of an individual the immunity is gone.  Shooting someone dead without a good reason is a violation of the clearly established right to continue living.
0	Reading news over the past few years, reading debates, doing research, I'm left struggling to come to terms with the super democratic #1 egalitarian always-correct view I had of the US at a younger age.
0	Fuck the feds
0	Drugs are bad, because they're illegal!
0	this is just like windows in the 90s. every security concern is NBD until it happens and your network gets overrun. then it's a fire drill.
1	Cause we fully understand humans.
1	Ah, tribute wasn't about America. See - perfectly logical explanation, because... 'Merikuh is #1 and if you ain't first, you're last. And who wants to see anything about last? Am I right or am I right?
0	"It's a product that people paid $2000 for when they ordered their car. You can make an argument that people expected something different from what they got. Especially since lots of people got their car with only the hardware installed, but ""Autopilot"" was delivered via software update a year later."
0	You know what you did there, and all I have to say is I'm willing to more for the feature you added, but not more for a worse service.
1	I bet they obtained written permission for all of those iris scans too.
1	I'm pretty sure its just misogyny.
0	If anyone could just use youtube to get all music for free, there would be no point in paying for something like spotify or google play music, or pay for music on itunes or any other way. That screws over musicians.
0	If that circle originated in the ditch then yes, we have.
1	PewDiePie should be charged with treason and have his head cut off.
0	What you did in the past is irrelevant.  What you are doing know is the standard.
1	Wow what a complete surprise. I am totally shocked.
0	This seems like the biggest attempt to get on the drama train ever. So late and so bad in all ways.
0	Not illegal outside the US. Just a tad scummy
0	I'm not who you're responding to but I'm about 30 and also can't remember a time without boner pill ads either.
0	I just checked Hulu and it shows a message for a free trial. Does it no longer offer a free version? I remember dumping it when I discovered that even the paid subscription required commercials. Screw that. Netflix all the way.
0	r/jailbreak is a great resource, I habe used tsprotector at their suggestion in the past to success.
0	I would gladly volunteer to wait longer and try to de-escalate the situation.
0	Yup, you can bet they'll try again.  This is a never ending battle.
0	What if I told you I had access to a cheaper, better service?
0	Well you can either vote for the least worst choice which would have won anyway, or you can vote for what you actually want. Maybe people will copy you and your system will become a little less broken
0	What do I do if my senator is McCain? :(
0	Moar POKEMON!
0	ehhh... i'd much rather see something like Hitman GO or Tomb Raider GO
0	You mean break the hardware-software system by transferring one of their most popular IPs onto mobile platforms for which they aren't getting a cut in hardware sales, giving much less persuasion to players to buy the gaming-dedicated handheld systems?
0	Several problems with how battery saver works; my headphone jack is on the top of my phone, so it won't really sit in my pocket upside-down if I have anything plugged in. Secondly, I find my phone locks automatically after a brief period anyway.
0	He's no different than other capitalist inventors like Edison.
0	I was saying that I agree it will never happen, just providing the reason why they should, but won't.
0	They won't do either. PC is a very niche market in Japan and I don't know if Nintendo has ever released a title on it. And 3DS won't be replaced, they keep upgrading and releasing new hardware and games for it.
0	..wut?
1	You're right totally meaningless.
0	"There's also the completely game breaking ""1hp bug"" that AFAIK hasn't been fixed (I already stopped playing as there's really nothing to the game, and the only combat system is pathetic and broken)."
0	The sad truth :( its a damn shame too because 12 year old me gets giddy just thinking about the possibilities with this game.
0	I actually liked Pokemon Colisseum and XD, but to each his own. There was a lot of wasted potential there though, with no wild pokemon and Gym fighting and other features.
0	But the original games were tapping battles and selecting options to win battles
0	The makers of Ingress made this game, partnering with pokemon for their IP. Brilliant really, great stuff
0	Team Rocket strikes again!
0	Or you could, I dunno, *wash* yourself and GTFO of the shower so you don't waste lots of time and hot water?
0	I miss my S5.
1	Well obviously they are only champagne proof.
0	Same here, I'm still waiting for Samsung to come out with another version that has everything the s5 has... Interchangeable battery,  SD card,  waterproof,  remote control.  Every new version lacks one of those.
0	Took my s7 edge into a pool for a very long time and took a ton of underwater pics. Dried out the usb hole and the phone held up like a champ.
0	People said this when the Prius came out... in 1998
1	I know when I think privacy, I think Facebook.
0	Where do people get this idea he was locked in a room?
1	Yeah, black people don't contribute at all to basic local taxes like sales tax or property tax. They are obviously a complete drain on society and culture.
0	I don't care.
0	We have a slot, its called PCIe. There is also the SD card slot.
0	And probably more expensive than a 2.5'' 512gb ssd
0	How do they handle heat dissipation from such a tiny setup? Surely it's an issue, even for just drives?
1	Dude, obviously the 984 people police shot and killed last year is representative of all 1.2 million police officers in this country.
0	BWHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!! What ever you need to tell yourself to sleep at night.
0	The actual concern is the use of explosives to kill.
0	Not everyone they handled were taxpayer-supported public figures though.
1	I am truly shocked that the 9th circuit came out with this decision.
0	In this case yes. I would like to think that you would be here complaining that the police should have killed the guy if the shooter was able to fire at the officers.
0	The outcome is not what anyone is discussing. It was and is the means to the ends that we are all discussing. Who is upvoting you?
0	Tasers can't be attached to robots, and they require short distance to work. Explain how he could've been tasered
0	I'm pretty sure they are not afraid of a Nazi soldier hiding around the corner, waiting for the right moment to remote detonate bombs leftover from WWII. Two totally different situations.
1	Oh yes, lethal force should never be used when someone's only killed 12 people! They need to have killed at least two dozen before that should be an option!
0	He does. But when a human presents am imminent danger to other humans, those other humans have the right and responsibility to defend themselves by any means necessary.
1	I agree that it's worrisome. They should have had the cops just rush in and get mowed down or blown up, because we needed more cops to die that night. I mean, why would we possibly use technology to remove a horrible threat with an unknown amount of weaponry when we could send in a bunch of humans and have them die? I mean, we can't celebrate a robot for being a hero and what that event needed was more heroes, whether they were living or dead! I hope someone tells the military and bomb disposal squads that robots are too dangerous to be used, because I worry for their safety!
0	30 subscribers? Do you guys actually think that people consider this a transparent method for controlling the topic of discussion? Shunting away dissentious posts to a dead and hidden subreddit? Seriously messed up.
1	No good guys you say?  But the LAPD was cleared of any wrongdoing in shooting at multiple innocent people
0	Shut the fuck up. The asshole deserved to die. He is lucky it was as a quick as it was. He deserved so much worse.
0	specifically, how did this incident break these ethics that you say police are bound to?
0	I dont think you can draw a line, drawing lines is what causes most messes in the first place. I think as inefficient as it may be some situations have to be dealt with on a case to case basis
1	A true leader never takes responsibility for the people who work under them.
0	MOM was smarter.
1	Wait, what classified emails? I thought you didn't send any?
0	I dont think theres enough place under the bus at this point
0	If they refuse to surrender and still pose a threat, yes.  That'd be fine by me.
0	Sweet sweet karma for you, but under the bus is exactly where they belong. Some aid with more experience with security should have shut this down before it ever started - a 50+y.o. sec of state is supposed to be a political expert, not a tech geek.
1	Why are you bringing you nut-job, vast Right Wing conspiracies into this?
1	World Class Leadership !
0	"Ahh, the good ol ""Opt-out"" instead of ""Opt-in"".  Reddit learned that one a while back when figuring out that they could make a buck on amazon affiliate link spam."
1	Just toss that on the stack of missing persons and unexplained deaths surrounding the Clintons.  Maybe it'll accumulate into something substantial someday.
0	The sad part is that marginal cops are going to escalate their responses using this situations as an excuse for their more paranoid behavior, and as a result will make the whole problem even worse.
0	"I classify myself as ""Xtreme"", because of usage of Dreamcast OS."
0	thread hijack level: expert
0	I would disagree.
1	No, must have everything for free, right now, with no reciprocation!
0	No but they can sue them. Its pretty common to get a customer to sign a contract thats very expensive to get out of. A few years ago I worked for a company that made embedded hardware. The speaker sucked and customers were complaining about it. Managements solution? Remove the speaker in new production runs and sell an external set for $30. Since the internal speaker wasn't on the product listing they couldn't return the units without paying a restocking fee. Most of the customers were big and returning anything would be an early termination of our contract which would then cost millions. We sold alot of speakers that year.
0	Yeah, because Facebook really is watching your privacy.
0	"If the guy had a manual switch on him to detonate the bomb no ""Non-lethal"" method would of prevented him from using it."
1	But clearly that's what the cops told Facebook to say
0	3- Wait longer. Break down of negotiations does not mean there were no other options. If he was cornered, he would eventually give up, shoot himself, or try to go out shooting. We have no proof that he was preparing for option 3.
1	Clearly.  Anarchy has proven to be more effective.
0	I would imagine Facebook owns their own encryption keys and want any law enforcement to come through them instead of trying to infiltrate messenger conversations on their own. This news provides Facebook more control over law enforcement and lets their customers believe they are safe.
0	I communicate with family overseas, so I'm already in that boat as far as the government is concerned.
1	I mean, have you ever tried to talk to those guys? Yeesh.
0	and I sure as shit wouldn't trust my facebook friends to post fair and unbiased news.
1	vim sucks.  nano is where it's at.
0	This is just government funded propaganda to try and make people more vulnerable to the NSA's own illegal viruses so they can more fully monitor you.
0	That's one of the thing Hillary paid 1 milion for.
0	If the Police used her account to remove her video, how did it reappear? I don't think this story makes sense.
0	Not particularly, as I'm not a capitalist whore.
0	I thought it was giant paintballs though...i want giant paintballs
0	Which enemy of the state did Hillary Clinton directly and purposefully aid?  I mean otherwise you're just using words you don't understand.
1	About half a cost of a mile of paved road for Sochi Olympic village
0	Together or each?  Looking at a map, I never realized how concentrated CSX is on the east coast, so they definitely own less track than I originally thought.
1	But your experience!
1	AAHH! I am sick of these billion dollar companies getting too big to fail! Its time to occupy!
1	Yes because all the Telecom companies are just struggling to break even currently
0	What is the name of that plan? I'm on T-Mobile too and I only have unlimited on one line and my bill is higher by a bit. Maybe I can change it over.
0	"Yup.  Microwave is the easiest way, 20-30 seconds.  Or if you have a ""popcorn"" setting that works as well."
0	I'm not to sure of the situation in the UK but here in Canada there is torrenting problem as well. The answer is not punishing the tor renters, the answer lies in how to provide the content. As of now it's either not avalable here or will cost you an arm and a leg to get it. If they are in a similar situation I don't feel sorry for the people that are losing money.
0	gotta bathe in nitrobenzaldehyde first.
0	This is the right timeline!
0	Exactly, he was part of the system that failed - more tragically so, because it appears he had deliberately reduced his attention below the recommended level :(
0	96 or older? Same here.
0	The problem is the technical stuff is probably done once by some hacker in romania who is involved in organized crime, and then any thug can be trained to actually use it to steal the cars.
0	Who gives a fuck, nothing is going to happen
1	An app to set privacy features of other apps. Now you your safe.
0	If you only keep one they can't breed.
1	Because NO ONE has EVER gotten away with crimes before, particularly those who are deep in the political system
0	"IIRC this mainly has to do with FCA vehicles (Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Fiat, Alfa) and their UConnect system that always needs to stay online. Its one of the most vulnerable and whenever there is a video online of a modern car being ""hacked,"" its pretty much always a car from FCA."
1	Because that's the biggest issue they need to be focusing on right now
0	Before the FBI outed her as an incompetent idiot? Yeah, some informed decision making there.
1	Thank god... Nvidias research has shown that it's user-base has been wanting this for a long time now
0	For any actual tech folks out there, this is the best known example of 'executive privilege' ever.  I just had one come to me WHILE WE WERE STILL IN THE SECURITY AWARENESS MEETING asking to go back to the 4 digit PIN on her iphone because 'the new (min)6 digit PIN takes too much of my time'.
1	"Because that entirely mechanical solution that we had before was totally foolproof and kept people from stealing any cars until the ""vulnerable electronic system"" came around, right?"
1	Yup, humanity definetly has it's priorities in check
0	The article says the stem cells would be removed from the woman's belly fat. No fetuses required.
1	and yet he's still walking free!
0	Snowden leaked information to everyone, including enemies. There's no proof anything leaked from Clinton's server.
1	But she didn't realize!
0	"Short of an actual conviction for Treason, it's about impossible to ""blacklist"" a Senator from getting a security clearance.  There are so many elected officials with clearances that could NEVER pass a background check as a normal Joe it's not funny."
1	This is great! And while you wait at, for example, a red light the two screens can be used by the car manufacturer to show you advertisements. This will reduce the cost of the car for you. You can basically pay for your car by watching ads *while* you use it.
1	They have to approve it to know what's in it.
0	And kill 1 person a year
1	They must be only applying for taps in cases with maximum probable cause. So glad they're being responsible.
0	That's why Netflix must be convenient and affordable.
0	That sure worked out for the turn of the century. It's not like we didn't make up a word for the ruling class of industrialists or anything.
0	Yeah but one of them is gonna win.
0	Really. There was no proof Clinton was a criminal (haaaa!), even if it was all over the internet. You gotta provide it.
0	Handing a few SC nominations to Trump is a great way to see that not happen
0	Isn't the US a member? How will this affect their persistent legislation attempts
1	Yup. But only by corporations. We just don't want governments doing it.
0	Care to elaborate? I didn't see anything like that in the article.
1	Looks like the UK needs a referendum to leave the UN now! All these policies being decided by people from other countries!
0	What?
0	of course they do, the document bestows nothing. it simply observes rights that we all have as a function of our humanity. not as a function of being a man or woman, or white or black, or even being born in America or not. Everyone on the planet has those rights, the document just states that our government is supposed to recognize them.
0	You forgot entertainment, recreation, vacations, travel, wisdom, good friends and family, fine wines and gourmet foods. I find all of these necessary for a healthy and fulfilling life.
0	Unless you live in the Middle East, when the first thing this will bring to mind is that a new Crusade is being planned :P
1	You're literally starving them OMG! Child abuser!!!
0	That's the beauty of FLOSS in government when it is done correctly. It should be for the people.
0	That is coherent and uses the term right correctly.
1	Because that worked so well for the AT&amp;T breakup!
0	I am a university student.  What is the link to get the windows 7?
1	It's already regulated so we should just regulate more
0	I thought X marks the spot. You know, on the map indicating where the treasure is.
0	I run a ton of legacy software designed for pre patch xp that works like a dream.
1	MY POWER WENT OUT!!!! THIS COUNTRY IS ABUSING MY BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS!!!!
0	well 'clean' water anyway. Michigan and all that
1	Exactly. Lease that shit!
0	Cant Tor be hacked so whats the point
0	maybe with the front seats forward and a tiny asian driver.  You cannot fit 5 full grown adults into the fiesta or focus.  The rear legroom when the front seats are all the way back is almost nothing.
1	But isn't competition bad for consumers? I mean, if there were competition, then Comcast would have to divert funds from improving their service to stuff like advertising! They couldn't *afford* to provide us with excellent products and service. Don't let this happen, people!!!
0	"Jeez. I thought she was going to say it was a fancy word for suppressor. At least that would've made *a little bit* of sense, given that the word ""barrel"" was a part of it."
0	Yes. Let's get more bureaucratic.
1	"""Don't these yacht sellers understand that a normal middle class family can't afford their products, even with financing?"""
1	What do the technical details of encryption have to do with arguments for/against encryption? Seems completely irrelevant to me.
0	The 'series of tubes' comment was actually a very true and nuanced point about the internet.
0	maybe amazon should invest in German bonds and get paid to borrow money then give away all their products for free!
0	Very few people buy a car straight up. OP is accommodating for financing.
0	This title looks like it's from The Onion.
1	Because you may have missed that small nag in the past eleven months.
0	This is why my '04 Tacoma is going to be maintained and run until the wheels fall off.
0	If they don't like you? Yes.
0	So all that stands between a Tesla and the next Autopilot deaths is an owner's manual. I agree with Google: it's irresponsible to put a car on the road with only level 2 autonomy.
0	We could save a lot of adults and children from being forced to work in terrible working conditions, be more environmentally friendly, and much more cost effective if we gave somebody else your clothes to wear while you slept.
0	Ford has enhanced active park assist, active cruise, and lane keep.  They don't have a feature for it to come to you by itself, but it can back a trailer by itself.
0	Is it, I don't think so, not if more people die due to their own mistakes than die due to statistical bad luck; which is where we're heading, and probably there already.
0	Like the hover board naming problem on a serious scale
0	Not on windows tablets and phones unfortunately. Secure boot is locked on :/
0	You are the one who can't grasp the difference between fact and opinion.  You seem to think your opinion is fact
0	The Dad Joke is strong with this one
0	I had to delete c:\windows and it all worked then
0	I had a good laugh looking at my home. There are quite a few trees in the yard so it's basically a giant green blob on the side of the road.
0	Sounds surprisingly level-headed and accurate to me.
0	I mean, nothing he's doing is illegal, is it? He's offering the same service they would, but for free.
1	Good for you I guess.
1	hahaa you clearly dont get capitalism my friend
0	Anyone so tired of seeing this fucking guy? He's a coolish, articulate guy, but somewhat arrogant, egotistical and all of that is awesome but what is reddit's fascination with this fucking guy? I'm so over it, ok I get it, he fixes apple products. We see this dude like every other day and people just shoot their loads to it.
0	They tell you that you don't own the operating system yes. You just own a license to use it. Because why would they sell you the full rights to the OS? You definitely own the phone itself (barring any financing stuff) and you're free to do whatever you want with the phone. But there's no good reason that the company should be on the hook to help you out when you do things they don't support and brick your phone. Apple will still help you with a bricked phone, but that's just part of the service they offer. Not out of necessity.
0	This guy is just a ball of negative energy and whining.
0	Thinkpads, zbooks and dell precisions fucking destroy MacBooks in nearly every way.
0	No, you can't buy OEM Apple parts
1	It's like _if you can piece together the shredded pages, you can read that shitty fan-fic i wrote_.
0	The civil forfeiture deal I read a bunch on a few months ago. Once any things taken from you it's really hard to ever get it back. Even if it turns out you never did anything wrong. Scary. Good thing I'm poor and don't own anything except what would fill about six boxes.
0	mailing a letter is also a form of communication that doesn't mean that anyone who cares to should have the right to open up your mailbox and read all your mail.
1	WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO HIDE!
1	omg - that's it.  Sort of.  He's saying all servers are public!  You can't store things on a private server... cause there is no such thing!!  Free Hillary!!
0	Yeah. I haven't needed a bike lock in over a decade so my memory of the prices is off a bit. Angle grinders are still under $100 for an adequate one.
0	The US government has a private network for classified data systems
0	They probobly have a double standard, they can have privacy and confidentiality, but our shit is hands on.
1	So the Clinton's strike again. Now Hilary will be let off the hook because the hackers were allowed to be there.
0	They wouldn't do that, would they?
1	This applies to cooperate computers also right?
0	semi was making a left turn. which means he doesn't have right of way, it's not a controlled intersection he's making a left turn through opposing traffic to get off the high way. it's on him to make sure no cars are coming and he has enough time to complete the turn.
1	that sounds reasonable!
0	LONG LIVE FREE MARKET CAPITALISM!!!! ^^^^^Unless ^^^^^it ^^^^^makes ^^^^^me ^^^^^compete
1	A moot point. As we all know, corporations are people.
0	It could end up integrated into the firmware of the camera modules themselves, which would make it much harder to circumvent.
0	Tit for tat.  Death by car accident.
1	According to the article, the sole source of this allegation is the tractor trailer driver (the driver of the vehicle that killed the Tesla driver).  He certainly has no reason to make things up, does he?
0	This is ultimately going to halt driver-less cars before they become the standard. You're not going to convince people to get into a machine that may or may not kill them if they don't pay attention at all times. Traffic (or people's behaviour on the road) is just too random for that, and people want guarantees. Nobody is going to buy into the concept if they are only automatic 99% of the time, because if you imagine how bad  people are at paying attention while they are driving themselves you can imagine how terrible it will go down if they need to watch out for that 1% of the time that the machine fails to pay attention for them.
0	That's illegal.
0	anti adblock killer (setting in ublock), noscript
0	"Where did you get the ""unattended"" from? He failed to react to a tractor trailer and so did the autopilot, that doesn't mean he wasn't paying attention. It was an accident and totally the fault of the tractor."
0	The tech will improve. I would love to see the current autopilot features combined with overhead satellite capabilities that will send surrounding road conditions data to the car so it is not relying on the cameras alone. That way it can pick up what is happening in parts of intersections the cameras can't see yet and what is happening two or three cars ahead.
1	Yea man, you're SO right.  This is THE WORST THING TO EVER COME OUT OF CORPORATE AMERICA!  Let's ban a system that has proven to be safer than most drivers on the road.  You're so right it's crazy!
0	Not just stupid people. Most people like watching stupid people do stupid things. I certainly would much rather watch someone do some stupid shit while driving a Tesla on autopilot as opposed to someone being careful and paying attention. What's the point of that video?
0	What's the point of having cruise control?
0	The car was texting while driving.
1	Tesla is run by communists. We need to stop them
0	Every time Facebook 'wins' we all lose.
0	Privacy Badger (and occasionally HTTPS Everywhere) break some websites. I really wouldn't recommend them to the average user.
1	that's right, DRM works so well you can't find a single Netflix original series in pirated form anywhere.
1	Yes, if only you wouldn't let Jews hide here the SS would leave you alone.
0	As soon as you start acting like adults instead of spoiled children, then sure, we can talk.
1	They would never be able to sell products at consumer friendly prices
0	Only one for me, and it was for a warframe account I never use anymore.
0	Microwave ovens come right after radars. My ex-girlfriend's physics professor was an intern during the cold war, and in those cold early morning desert testing grounds, the staff used to just hang out in front of the experimental radar to warm up.
0	The US appears to be a business, not a country
1	"Yes, I completely understand. Your previous comments just seemed so eloquently written, with exceptional vocabulary. I take it back on account of ""words is words""."
0	"That's a proposal, not a tested fact. ""It's emitting photons that are undetectable because they are paired together perfectly out-of-phase."" It might not be *wrong*, but it cannot be proven right with our current technology and understanding of physics."
0	So there's no hope then. *sigh*
0	I wouldn't dare mess with Omar.
0	You can publish null results in physics. Obviously, papers showing something DOES work are much easier and sexier to get published, but you definitely can publish null results.
0	The concept resembles solar sails.
0	mine fell out of my pocket will sitting and shattered.  If a phone can't handle that it's garbage.
0	True, but why should Apple Pay if they had an agreement with the Irish govt that they most likely thought was solid and legal
0	I see the cable lobby made some good donations in those select states it seems.
0	They had over 200 billion dollars in liquid assets. That means cash money sitting there.
0	You say, as if Apple had a meaningful workforce in China (outside its sales staff) and couldn't just shift manufacturing to Vietnam.  Frankly, you seem to have imbibed some Trumpish romanticism that has nothing to do with how supply chains actually work.
0	Who cares? Why does it matter whether they tag these as an advertisement or not? It seems clear as day if they're showcasing a product they were likely paid for it
1	yea but they create jobs
0	Market. It's land of the Free Market.
0	The EU wants to discourage countries from even creating this system in the first place. And if you actually read the EU press release about this, it becomes pretty clear Ireland was granting preferential treatment to Apple regardless.
0	haha, I almost didn't get that one. (I just woke up)
0	You would pay the US sales tax (and import tax) but the German website would pay german taxes on the income it gained from you.
1	Yeah. I know a lot of accounting firms that hire liberal arts majors and science majors. They rarely if ever hire a business school grad. Don't even get me started on investment bankers and finance professionals.
0	No. And the Government subsidy can't last until it happens either.
0	No it was on imgur actually.
0	There are a decent amount of people in IT who have chosen the next last logical option, which is going the experience route. Github has plenty of open source projects just waiting for people with right amount of ambition to contribute code and add that to their resumes, none of which require a degree to contribute.
1	if only we had weakened encryption and created state sponsored backdoors this wouldn't have happened
0	That sounds like bullshit but I don't know enough about empire building to dispute it.
1	They caved to the FWD: FWD: FWD: nuts, let their whole human moderation team go, and everything went to hell? Damn, who could have seen that coming?
0	The articles posted by pages that I liked are very good though. I think I click on the vast majority of them because they are relevant to what I like.
1	Wow, so you, too, can bypass an airgap provided you can physically access the machine. What will they think of next?!
0	In reality the word unlimited is pretty easy to understand. To bad we aren't dealing with reality. Instead we have to deal with their convoluted dishonest lawyer newspeak.
0	Well, because there is nothing that I know about in the Net neutrality that states you cannot throttle data. It only says the data has to be treated the same. So all video is being treated the same, all audio is being treated the same. They are throttled, but all of them are throttled. The entire purpose was to get around fast lane packages and large companies being able to have fast speeds while startups could not compete. That is not occurring here, all services of the types are treated the same, and is therefore adhering to net neutrality. I know a lot of people try to say all data is the same, but no where in the title ii could I find the definition or distinction of data or the types of data, nor did I find anywhere that said it could not be throttled. TMobiles original bingeon *WAS* a direct violation of net neutrality because only the guys that were able to get on the bingeon allowed list got unlimited, and while they said there was not cost of entry, there were lots of sites that could not get added, including my own home services, meaning that startups very much were not on that list. The new service though corrected that. That *IS* my opinion as no ruling on this has been made, but I honestly think, while stupid that caps and throttling is allowed, it is allowed by what the current title ii states.
1	Foreign hackers may havepenetrated state election systems but there is no reason to believe they would use that access to tamper with results of the primaries. Trump and Clinton are the legitimate winners of the GOP and DNC party elections. Besides those are private parties, it's not even illegal for them to just pick who they want as a candidate. Someone hacking the primaries is about the same level of crime as someone hacking red box to get free DVDs, serious yes but not thaaaat important. If the DNC and GOP think the hacks significantly altered results then they can simply pick a new candidate to reflect what they believe the real outcome should have been. Obviously they haven't switched horses so they must believe that any hacking was insufficient to change results. Again Clinton and Trump would not have the backing of the DNC and GOP if there were ANY question about the legitimacy of the primary elections.  We can trust the party leaders to make these sorts of decisions. Heck, since they haven't even raised alarm about this we probably don't even need an audit.
1	this is why most startups are funded outside silicon valley now and successfully launch from there. You can get the same talent at much lower cost there!
0	or literally **ANYBODY BUT HILLARY OR TRUMP** maybe? That'd be nice. .. okay maybe not literally **anybody**. Wouldn't want Sarah Palin. I'd take my chances on a random person off the street though.
1	Not improving something that's selling well worked out GREAT for Blackberry.
1	We do, but the writers are dead so, the review stopped.
1	Gee, I thought iOS was invulnerable.  The RDF told me so.
0	Hillary Clinton's private server perhaps?
1	Yeah because that worked out so great when it was Roslin up against Baltar.
0	Just getting us ready to invalidate Trump's victory and keep old Obamas in the office
1	Glad you called them out because they are definitely the only party doing shady things.
1	"I'm sooooooooo sure it was only ""foreign"" hackers and not any domestic hackers smart enough to make it look like their traffic is coming from outside the country."
1	Don't write it in Javascript then
0	4th newest.  Yep.
0	You are correct! I would have thought everyone learned these differences after hearing about it after every single Democratic primary??
1	Damn communists!
1	yeah, it was the russians
1	yea so support the candidate that was literally proven to have stolen his chance at president. Sure i get it now.
0	can confirm.  here in texas i fill out a form and mail it in.
1	Gee... I wonder if one of the candidates had something to do with it?
1	it was the RUSSIANS!
1	Except bitcoin is used by terrorists and we cant be associated with that!
0	My nine-year-old daughter with no programming experience could hack into those election systems within 3 minutes.  This is no suprise to anyone who paid attention to the Diebold scandal of around 10 years ago.
1	"Ooooooh ""foreign"", totally not us."
0	"Because ""Fuck you"", that's why."
0	Are you? With the advent of Pandora and smart phones, people don't even need to download music. Especially since some plans, IIRC, allow Pandora free of any caps.
0	Damn, that's sad.
0	hey its me the FBI
1	How hard can it be?! We've been doing is for hundreds of years!
0	"Can someone fucking tell me how exactly they're going to ""hack the world""? This seems extremely... not possible"
1	Yeah. It's completely impossible to put a Chinese address in your whois registration.
1	Really? I can't believe it!
0	Very interesting comment, thank you!
0	The FBI has been doing this for years knowing it is illegal. We need laws against enforcement.
1	But terrorism and drugs! Think of the children!
0	That's fucking sick.
0	You mean they should talk about a non race bate issue?
1	Sounds like a great use of taxpayer money
1	There are no kangaroos in new Zealand
0	Our education isn't designed to encourage the protection of freedom and privacy in people's minds.
1	yea, brothel's with 6 years olds could make a killing! Think of all the income tax you could make
1	Ignorance of the law is no excuse for breaking it.
0	Not as far as I know. There are several laws in place - mostly in relation to weaponisation of space.
0	How do you know that I'm not? If there is any kind of back scratching going on here then they should all be punished.  It's people like you who a are 'party blind'  or 'candidate blind'  that choose which evidence to conveniently ignore our excuse away.  You are part of the problem and not the solution.
0	Well...she also laundered money through the DNC and gave donors to her foundation inappropriate access to the state department, so there's also that. We just wouldn't know about any of it without the emails.
0	That's exactly what I thought they were doing.
1	Great. CTR bought out the accounts of sanders supporters too.
1	Yeah that explains the massive ass TURN ON YOUR ADBLOCK post by the AutoMod.
0	This is the modern day equivalent of shredding and or burning documents. She obviously doesn't want something to leak that could affect her political career. I don't think she is worried about jail as much as reaching this goal she has.
0	Ha, perfect!
0	Not if you understand the book.
1	If you are a Prime member you force UPS workers to work overtime. Don't ask for superior service.
0	I just read this in an Uber in Australia
0	That's a ferocious downvote. Why?
1	Oh darn!
0	Hell, in crowded metropolitan cities like San Fran, many people aren't buying or are selling their cars and just take public transit and uber everywhere.
0	You need a battery so you can store it to charge your ev.
0	Mr. Burns?
0	Unpopular opinion: why give a shit? We've got more important things to do. We'll get there when we get there.
0	I used to work in retail alongside SolarCity reps(customers hated them) but they told me you can always buy the panels, and infact its more like a payment plan per month that you're paying instead of a utility bill. Don't know how much BS was in what they were saying though but regardless, they said you had a few options to buy the panels
0	This is THE smoking gun. What more could Comey want now?
1	its only metadata
0	soooooo... 3 gifs open at once?
0	After a point, it becomes less of a hassle to just switch to Linux.
0	"**""I'm CEO, bitch""**"
0	What data can Facebook get from you in regards to the occulous?
1	No, Zenimax created the Rift and Oculus stole it.
0	Honest question, why does anyone want VR?
0	I deliver pizzas for a big chain restaurant we make 7.50 an hour in store and 5.50 an hour on the road. With tips it comes do about 11-12$ an hour during the week or opening shifts and anywhere from 13-20$ an hour on weekends.
1	"I know! They could replace it with the headphone ""Jim"", a small circular port that conveys stereo analogue sounds directly to the speakers in the headphones, you can make the sound quality as good as you like and you could even have a microphone built in! It would make Apple true innovators, hell if they make it the right size you could even have really slim phones, something a bit thinner than a 4mm hole sounds like just the right size to me."
0	Microsoft has completely neglected windows 7. I support 1000 users and trying to roll out Ie11 without an impact is near impossible. It is that bad we are probably going to reimage all the pcs with ie11 built in, instead of pushing out with windows update.
0	Yeah, I prefer hobbies that do not have a high likelihood of killing people if I fuck up.
0	lol. That's the stupidest thing I've read in a while.
1	What does this guy know, not like he started the company or something.
0	Thufferin' thuccotash
0	I think we found both of your problems in that one sentence.
1	How many years are we going to keep the wheel? What about 3000?
1	Become an engineer early in life then. Don't be lazy.
0	It lets you know in the pizza app
0	are they using middle-out compression?
0	Why does the watch specifically come to mind?  Apple has never invented anything.
1	German here, I don't have curtains
0	Google BT 4.1 audio with apt-x
0	I think adblock plus allows per site whitelisting, but I haven't used it in a while so I'm not entirely sure. uBlock origin definitely has it and is better and lighter weight anyway.
1	Yeah, sure. Let's go with that.
1	Yea the torture videos the FBI shows to its agents to desensitize them were obviously requested.
0	thats so computers!
0	The other issue, is that what they did show on broadcast, was often taped. I remember one night, my wife and I were watching, and they hadn't even aired the women's gymnastics floor finale, and my wife got all pissed off because she started getting notifications and stuff on her phone about who won gold.
1	That's a practical solution for a lot of people.
1	OH NO how will honest and hard working advertisers now provide for their family? Does Google have any conscience?
0	Right click on the back button works too. Lets you select to which page you want to go back. This works at least in Firefox.
0	Damn it this is a miracle
1	pfft if that were true, I would have heard about it on Google News by now.
0	Use Google Ultron
0	It's my understanding Ford plans to bring the Ranger back. I think they changed their mind about this. It was tough finding a used one for my brother because their value was holding or going UP after they stopped making new ones.
1	But everything is our fault! We're young adults now why haven't we fixed all the issues?! It's not like our parents had anything to do with the current state of things
1	Hey NBC! We found a platform that worked!
0	Tijuana, Mexico
0	I was trying to say more like OSX but with touch capabilities instead of iOS
0	It was probably a browser hijack, which is what my mom got on her Chromebook even with an ad blocker.
0	Their malware only worked on a select few with very low security consciousness.  Basically, the user needed to have Flash loaded on their TOR setup.  Most smart people wouldn't do that. Most security conscious people wouldn't be running Flash at all.
0	You're quite lucky in some sense. If/when they fix that, you'll be able to experience what everyone else has, albeit far later. It also means that the server load will have dropped off
0	more like 4chan users or tumbler
1	Nintendo neglecting their fanbase? Who'd have thought!
0	It's a great car, much better handling than a Tesla, even the roadster isn't very well suited to doing something like an Auto-x. The cool thing about gas powered cars is you can drive them to the track, race them for an afternoon, and then drive home. Can't do that in an electric car yet, I'm not against electric cars, you can't beat electric torque, they're simply not there just yet. The capacity has to increase or the weight has to decrease, it's easier to cut weight. The cool part of cutting weight is it gives you the same performace as the heavier car with a more efficient downrated engine. Then there's the dynamic benefits, but what do I know, I only work with cars for a living.
0	Pokemon akin to chess ? Yeah ok. You must not play chess
0	Dude no way. I had a really low level weedle (like 20cp) and it escaped literally 8 times, then finally disappeared. That's not counting the times I missed or when it jumped at the wrong time... I was super pissed.
0	Seriously though, I live in a medium sized town and we only have like 6 pokestops total
0	My wife and I had one 10k egg each. Because of working and whatnot, it took us nearly a week to hatch them. Both of them were fucking Eevees.
1	Anti terrorism equipment made for the military will never end up being used on the public!
0	Facebook is testing how far they can go, that's all.
0	That's convenient for Niantic, considering incense is available in the store.
1	Didn't see that one coming
0	Same in Houston. Only variation I've seen is at the zoo back when the tracker actually counted steps. Haven't been since then.
0	"Its part of the game then why does a big city get all the fucking things they want. Why do I get to catch a billion zubats while a guy in Sanfran can ""catch em all"" in one city."
0	This news brought to you by duh.
1	What a big surprise!
0	getting there...
0	I only turn it on to take a screenshot of a pokemon somewhere once in a while.
0	In other news, the school year has started. More at 11.
0	I've been assuming their real hope all along was to get fans who used to play DS games excited about Pokemon in general again &amp; then, what a coincidence, Sun &amp; Moon comes out
0	And that's the major problem for me. It must be a lot of fun in places with a solid public transit system and densely populated cities. I don't reach any stops by foot where I live or where I work so I have to get in a car and drive somewhere just to play. Which I did for the first month, but the incentive isn't even there anymore. I've reached level 20 and all the pokemon are repeats.
0	Pokemon trading would be problematic given the number of botted accounts. I'd love for it to be in the game, but I honestly don't see how it's feasible.
0	Wow, that sucks!
0	Comcast doesn't hope shit.  They give zero fucks.
0	there are satellite internet providers, but it's just one step up from dial-up
0	I'd take the Piss Popsicles.   Because summer.
1	Ya Google should just stop improving Android.
0	Look up the specific forum for your device on the XDA forums website. Almost all of the information you could ever want is there. Links to official Cyanogenmods and directions for installing and backing up.
0	Oh. We notice. We just can't get anything else.
0	Quantum teleportation?
1	Well then we'll just put them in the left hand lane of three lane highways where trucks and buses are prohibited.
0	You don't really have to tell them what they are doing wrong, they know full well they are building the houses as cheaply as possible. That is the American housing market for you. Nobody stays in their home for more than 10 years so when they buy a new home they would rather have a cheap roof that will last them until they sell so they can remodel the kitchen or some shit and maximize their investment.
0	No it won't.
0	Don't worry, his house will be under water before he gets to replace his roof.
0	Welcome to Taxachussetts, now spread your cheeks and lift your sack.
0	"Jews! They invented Jesus, and then the Persians had to have their own ""realistic Jesus"", and now here we are, blaming the white man for having the smoking gun they stole from brown folk!"
0	You are just making assumption. Prove it or stfu.
1	Right? But when your job is that of an emergency electrical storm lightning rod repairman, I think that's just the hazards of work.
0	It is old technology. There is nothing special in making a gun and you can make a working one it of supplies from home depot. Even then, there are worse things that people can make than guns that can't be banned either so 3D printing is really just kind of a nonsensical point until the technology produces something superior than what you can make by hand.
0	I can't tell if this is sarcasm or complete delusion.
1	But... that takes effort. Can't we like, make a sex tape and highlight security flaws that way?
0	Have you tried?
0	They're desperate for anything to take the public eye away from themselves.
0	A vulnerabily is a vulnerability.
0	Yikes, looks like you're about to wake up into the nightmare.  Good luck.
0	Communist laws
1	Anyone find the file that says they didn't actually go to the moon? Or the ones about how the earth is actually flat? Let me know.
0	Eh, could be fun.
1	"Oh that's great. Now whenever I tell my wife about some interesting scientific discovery and she does the usual ""eh that doesn't sound right, I don't know if I believe that"" routine, she can just go online and read the scientific data herself and admit she knows nothing."
1	I don't understand the reluctance. Doesn't everyone want it so that law enforcement has to do the least amount of work and analytical thinking possible, yet still wind up with tons of busts with lengthy prison sentences?
1	Man it is almost crazy that the Internet has done so well on its own for the last 25 years. How did it ever survive an flourish and bring in a new economic age without the godsent FCC?
0	I bet no one can hack my account.
1	Then again, where I live it's 21 percent on most products and services. Wikipedia tells me the highest sales tax in the US is 7.5 percent. The perks of living in Europe
0	I assumed/hoped the comment was a joke
1	Shock! Surprise!
0	Sounds like a bad move on AMD's part. 64-bit seems waaaay more crucial to the future of CPUs than the original x86.
0	Sub-par performance and efficiency is the long and short of it.
1	Because Reddit system works.
0	Incorrect. Even if Intel had 100% of the x86 market, it doesn't matter in the monopoly sense, because there are other CPU's. ARM is probably going to overtake the x86 market even in the high-end segment, the rest of the market is already ARM-dominated.
0	Oh, I know. My whole desktop needs a lot of upgrading, actually. I don't use it too often these days, I got really busy with University and whatnot, and my job's got me pretty busy now. So I mostly just use the i7 thinkpad I bought a year ago, at the moment.  I actually think I'd see more performance improvement by switching my desktop to a ssd, and my Radeon HD 6850 is showing its age pretty badly. So, yeah, since I don't need my desktop too badly right now, I'm waiting for Zen, and then I'll decide to get that or go intel.
0	not ones that target consumers.
0	Any games you've specifically had issues with? I have an FX-6350 and haven't really noticed it bottleneck my rig, but maybe I'm just not playing many CPU intensive games.
0	Which Intel architecture did AMD copy for its current architecture? Lol
0	Because, as a contractor with access to unfiltered NSA intercepts, nope! The Carlyle Group would never have access to those, right?
0	You need to either find the owner and have him/her release it to you or buy another phone. Even the pope can't remove the lock from a locked iPhone.
0	I don't think you're accounting for the exponential growth in new applications like this. The kind of progress we saw in the last ten years will happen twice in the next ten years.
0	How do I alt-tab the OSes
1	Well, with a name like that you guys are just asking for it!
1	This is the year of Linux!
1	Groundbreaking research.
0	It's cool, if I ever use it as a noun I'll let you know so you can tell me the definition of the noun form.
0	They threw me to collections and I fought it, successfully had it removed, and didn't pay. Five years later I wanted to sign up for service because Uverse started boning me, and I had to pay them the $96 they claimed I owed. It was humiliating.
0	Like police, or road workers for example? Or perhaps any other person dressed as such
1	That NSA data center has state-of-the-art air pumped into the walls.  Your most personal stolen data is safe because it's air gapped, right?
0	Yeah, except some of them are meant to be good ones. One is a Microsoft one, an Anker one then a couple of cheapos. Maybe it i just have super bad luck with chargers.
1	But thank goodness medical software is closed source
0	With all the cyber-security failures coming to light recently, it's starting to make a lot of sense why the US government has been lying to the people so much. They fucked up *bad* and now there is a huge national security crisis because of it.
0	Thanks Darlene.
0	Looks like a Linux future more and more, every day.
1	Yes.  *this* is the thing we should finally hold them accountable for.
0	Droid *shrug*
0	How much of that space would require eminent domain to exist?
0	"I guarantee they would make ""apple only"" wireless chargers somehow."
0	I prefer replaceable as well, but none of the higher end phones have that feature. Sucks for travel
0	I just got the Note 7 today. It uses USB type C and has none of those issues.
1	Sorry we're not all giants with pockets that can accommodate a 7mm phone (plus a case!).
1	Plan in one hand and shit in another. See which fills up faster.
1	Wow I bet we'll see this in the iPhone 7!
1	Nothing wrong with built-in keyloggers, now is there...
0	I believe that they, and other comparable companies, also have blacklist of folks that one is not allowed to sell cars to without risking being shut out of future purposes.
1	Now corporations will know where to install anti-homeless spikes anywhere in the world!
0	Yes, brand new off-the-lot 60k gas cars spontaneously burst into flames in a collision free environment. Happens all the time.
0	Here in Missouri it's actually completely legal for a passenger to ride with an open container (we have very loose liquor laws). The only reason a cab/uber driver won't let you bring an open container is because passengers often spill them and damage the seats, but it's completely up to the driver. If we were to go by Missouri laws and there were no legal repercussions of bringing an open container on board and nobody there to tell you no then everyone would do it. I'd think you'd have to give some sort of collateral prior to the ride regardless.
1	So... does this mean Uber drivers will start protesting that their jobs are being taken?
0	South Park quote from 15 years ago when they did a show on downloading music.
0	"""by removing the worst part of uber, the drivers - and their pesky ""i need to pay my bills to live"" personal bullshit, uber is now able to provide riders with bla bla"""
1	god. I wish we could just rip off everything, like, why can't I immediately download every movie for free amirite? Wtf do you think this is? Game company doesn't make a demo or give the game out for free? Downloaded. god, make it free because I am entitled to everything. god.
0	Ars Technica is great, but very focused on what it covers.  It's rare that it will cover movies, tv shows or books.  The Verge crashes my phone every single time that I use it.
1	Hopefully enough people read this so we can all shut up about Walmart already!
1	Aww, how sad
1	Do you think I go on reddit to read articles?
1	"So I can put cocaine in someone's jacket and yell ""DRUG DEALER"" that's perfectly fine."
0	KEEP SUMMER SAFE.
0	I have about 1500 songs. Not a gigantic collection by any means. It's a few gigs worth of music. It downloads over WiFi. No data used on my mobile connection. And it lets you play it offline. It's really not so bad. Ever since frostwire stopped being a good way of downloading music I've pretty much used spotify and never looked back.
0	UbeRATc?!
1	Must be nice to live in an urban core. Fuck suburbia, amirite?
0	These features can be implemented with existing technology, via software- there's no need to change the way the earphones connect.
0	Which is why if you have axon 7, you should do the community bootloader unlock and not through the company.
1	I know that you can connect your microsoft phones to sync music to the cd player on ford cars.
0	Eh, I'm holding our for Zen. The Intel premium just isn't worth it imo.
0	I got so pissed on my note 2.  Ran an update that crammed knox with the efuse.  Did not go back to samsung until last year.
1	Look at this rich guy, what with his three cylinders and all. I am happy to have 2 cylinders running at any time!
1	I'm downvoting all of you, because fuck your user choice!
0	If they can make the argument that you impersonated a lawyer, then you're hosed.
0	Early Termination Fee
0	Weird. When I tried to get sprint they needed a 900 dollar deposit. I said fuck that went to Verizon. Had to put 150 down and they gave me a free phone. Didn't have to put any money on the phone.
0	I agree with this, but I think it should void the software warranty only. Modifying the software on your device should never void the hardware warranty, unless it's that modified software that damaged the hardware (overclocking and frying the SoC, or something like that)
0	Hmm, I certainly hope not. Why wouldn't it be a crime? Or did I misread your comment?
1	Because the most efficient way to write a report or edit a spreadsheet is talking to a box blocking out reality and waving your hands in the air.
0	Only criticism is that with sling, I had a 30% discount thanks to TMobile partnership. With that it was super cheap. Vue is 2x as expensive even before the discount.
0	Not sure if sarcastic. But that's what leads to literally blood on the streets. People will not starve quietly.
1	They pass another law that requires you to tape the password to the encrypted device.
0	As the person is not known, no.
1	I know, they just should have used survey monkey!
0	Government jobs are bigger because accessibility is an issue for one. Blind people, deaf people, handicapped people etc all need to use it. It's gotta be cross-browser compatible far more than a standard site, and so on. I wonder how theirs stacks up.
0	They also wouldn't have been paid $10m for it.
1	No dude it's cool the government totally has no idea that duckduckgo or Reddit even exist.  Super secret.  I bet neither of them has ever received a court order to turn over user data.
0	But the infrastructure doesn't cost just $500, nor will it cost just $500 to run for its purpose.
0	I do know, to some extent, because I have associates working/leaving there.  But thank you for the confirmation.  Hope you don't get caught up in anything nasty there.
0	Is it love?
1	This is why they really need a back door into the iPhone
0	Fair, I've really only a been a tourist to most cities.
1	Cmon, Apple is salivating over tens of millions of dollars in headphone revenue by gimping their hundred billion dollar iPhone
0	I don't know but whoever it belongs to needs to pay their parking tickets.
1	nope, the population density just isn't there
0	More than a few people have said that the label deliberately released it early(an intentional publicity stunt). This is the ongoing saga of trying to get people to buy this(IMO, crappy) music.
1	Which is why that never happened in history.
1	Well... no one saw this coming.
0	It basically comes down to population density. Europe has been lived in for thousands of years, while America is much less densely populated on average.
1	I feel so sorry for them, having their information stolen and hoarded by corrupt crooks with a superiority complex must suck and I really hope they never ever have to go through this again.
0	"No idea. But Im saying if they can pull that off with some cell towers whose primary function isnt high speed internet, then surely developing on that idea, with dedicated ""internet towers"" is the way forward, especially for a company like Google who is big enough to pull it off."
0	Just like Tesla.
0	Never fight a land war with ~~Russia~~ Verizon.
0	Your connection is not at all representative for gigabit fiber though. Let alone your weak claim about not having lost a packet in 2 weeks - which is only possible if you haven't used the Internet in 2 weeks.
0	And I was complaining about ISPs in Canada. Makes it seem like a dream in comparison.
0	Protection from what exactly?  We already pay taxes that support our military and police.
0	4 feet onto door frame. Freak angle so the metal door frame made direct contact with the back glass in one spot.
1	You misspelled Mexico.
0	I wish I could just ignore problems and pretend I solved them at my job.
1	but samsung seems like such a nice company
0	No issues whatsoever, and I had it since April last year.
0	Sure, you hate any Democrat. Even if that means you have to call your friends 'Comrade' while you fight the good fight to defeat the evil opponents.
0	Consider Phlebas is my favorite.  Just starts off so good and keeps rolling.   Player of Games is a close second. Could easily be first on any given day.
1	Where is the amateur footage though? You're basically landing a big pencil onto a tiny platform?!!?!?
0	I hope you realize I'm not the person who made the original statement that you replied to.
1	Oh, yeah, I forgot that hating Islam has nothing to do with most of its adherents being brown, that's why Christianity gets the exact same level of hate from internet atheist communities.
0	Elon said they would only go public once there are regular flights to Mars.
0	All good dude. :) You are correct!
1	But how does the rocket go from sideways to upright by itself? Gimme a break, what a joke.
0	Just about 500 comment karma or 25 link karma.
0	they could easilly see if all the complaints are coming from people in the same groups  and ban them for brigading instead.
0	Always look both ways before crossing a street.
1	but think of the children and all the child porn Facebook links!!!  That would let them roam free!!!
0	and in mine, saying God does not exist isn't hate speech, and I'm a Christian.
0	Or you could petition them for change.
1	Such a brave comment. Down with religion, go atheism!
0	LSD can last just as long if not longer
0	Pssh, I don't need Facebook to do that. There's also Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, etc.
1	Because it's a Christian web/mobile app and was founded on Christian principals and shouldn't have to be subject to such oppression like people expressing their personal beliefs.
0	Exactly: Facebook didn't actively do anything. It's so easy to quickly smell the bullshit in this headline. As if Zuckerberg is the third co-founder of ISIS. But the circle jerk must go on!
1	Well, of course the enlightened atheists of Reddit can easily manage a society!
0	And how does that change anything?
0	It's not free. You are the product. That's the cost.
0	This seems like too small of peanuts, but technically it is net positive after 6 years or so.
0	Well it doesnt matter because Trumps so far off in left field even the most conservative religious racists global warming deniers are starting to wonder what the fuck is wrong with him, it's easier to see what Michael J Fox is doing with an etch a sketch than where Trump stand politically but too god damn bad because We have a 2 party system and since Trump decided to lose his fucking mind that lands us with that psycho conniving bitch.
1	Unlike reddit.
0	Longer than that I would think. There are sources in a replay from the parent comment though, help yourself, quite the not-so-surprising read.
1	Because hacking every single county all at once is super mad easy
0	Usually it's the democrats claiming republicans are rigging the machines.
1	Yes, that's why there is no more Federal authority in Oregon any more.
0	She inst anyone's savior. She is in it for herself and the lobbyists.
1	Doesn't anyone read the article? It spells it out that the camera was hacked by entering a _unprotected server_ name in Minecraft!
1	You wouldn't want to massively increase the total computing power of the entire DPRK in one fell swoop would you?!
0	That is the tragedy. I'm thinking of an American prison since they have lots of shows about life in prison on TV. In that environment only the biggest and meanest gets his way. This is an environment where negotiation, conversation, and accommodation are not only the tools of weaknesses - they are irrelevant. We would think that dialogue and reasoned discussion constitutes the fabric of civilization - but it is possible that they are not. Perhaps civilization itself is a product of brute force - not its opposite. I just morphed in to Fredrich Nietzsche - and he went crazy.
0	Dude, they built fakebook to harvest people's data and use it to make money. They don't care about your $1.
0	They're not changing the design of the ads, just the code markup to make them harder to find programmatically.
0	Translation:  GP is the lunatic fringe
0	Cable is dead.
0	Huh he's a huge baseball fan apparently.  I dunno what to do with this information.
0	Yep, everytime I call someone to troll them on reddit I sound so clear it's great!
0	The easiest solution is to Delete Facebook !
0	What? A closer to complete version of capitalism won? Impossible.
0	"facebook just needed to pay adblockplus some good cash and then they would be like... ""naw... facebooks ads are non-intrusive, we'll disable blocking them by default!"""
1	Oh, only over 20 years, thats not a lot.
0	They hate us because they anus?
1	Yeah but who's problem is that... Not the sheriff's department behind it, so who cares
1	Yes the ice rink that they also happened to purchase with civil forfeiture cash of course, why the fuck else would law enforcement need one?
0	I think hes referring to more of the business model
0	Thanks for the input! Quick question - does that one have the smooth-spinning wheel or the individual-stops wheel on it?
0	Don't do it nice troll, it's a trap!
0	$35/month for life, 300/50, free 6 months  of Netflix. This is through fibre optic of course
0	You're really close to Greeley... Close enough to smell it most days.
0	Afaik pretty much every porn site already support html5. If the site you visit doesnt, you might as well not use it.
0	Wow, they are totally fucked.
0	"Well - ""fuck 'em"" - has apparently been zuck's opinion of his customers from the beginning. (his words, not mine)"
0	I personally don't give a shit about ads 99% of the time. Only if they're those stupid redirect loops that throw popups everywhere rhen I dislike it, but considering how many websites I visit, paying for each one would add up fast.
1	Hooray for representation!
0	I'm pretty sure you're just mocking yourself at this point.
0	Pr0n, obviously.
0	No other issues with uBlock?
0	I'm pretty happy with the arms race, since ad blockers seem to be pretty much universally winning.
1	In my day you had to load three separate pages to add a comment to a forum, and we were happy to do it!
1	yes, but the only thing that matters is that click
0	I'll give them a week or two as a pardon the day their baby is born.
0	By default I think most of them updates their lists. I know uBlock Origin does
1	"Lol ""shove"". Because you're forced to use a **free service provided by a corporation for the purpose of generating revenue**."
0	I've managed to live without it. Am I going to die?
0	actually i've seen much more deceptive ads pop up to circumvent ad blockers, ones that even the site owners ban due to their scummyness. full page invisible ads that aren't recognized as objects(no clue how that works), mouse tracking ads so any click once a page loads causes it to count as a click onto an ad, as well as a few dozen trojan ads that attempt to download without permission. kinda wish advertising was more about impressing me with your product instead of shoving it down my throat every 5 minutes.
0	maybe for desktops but for the approval chains in big companies can take a week to get approval..
1	iOS devices that have redefined consumer technology will always bear the scar of one stupid and unimportant development project
0	Why do they even bother claiming they have the fastest Internet?  Who's competing in any one given area?
1	You should be grateful you even have Internet.
1	God damned socialists getting more than they paid for!
0	I have ONE option. Frontier Communications. The WORST ISP in the country.
0	How did you get them to sell you more upload then 5mbps?
0	bookworm.dll
0	KissCartoon
0	That link is much more pleasant to read with adblock turned on.
0	The NSA Malware Royale, 4 teams, Flamers, Equation Group, Duqu and Sauron. Most entities compromised wins!
0	It's a Vogon Constructor Fleet.
1	Sweet reference
0	200,000 throws might seem like a lot, and it is.  However I think if they had recharging capabilities (wireless) and marketed it as having the feature it would feel more worth the price tag they are asking. (Even if you will never throw it 200,000 times total in it's lifespan.)
1	Amazing how you outsmarted every lawyer, manager, and CEO on Walmart's bankroll, reddit never ceases to amaze me!
0	Thanks to all the people who told anyone who would listen that it was, you are validated.
0	Huh. I was wondering when Gaius Baltar would start re-releasing the mainframe defence codes to the Cylons. If they start setting it at 39.1oC, we'll have more than one toaster to worry about.
0	Since the attack requires physical access to the hardware, I'm not worried about it.
0	It's funny because clickbait is in every place their news feed offers.
1	BlackBerry is clearly a patent troll because they're no longer innovating and they're no longer in the mobile market.
0	If money concerns you, then your local economy should concern you, and you should avoid Walmart like the plague it is. Walmart is the reason money concerns you (and me). If less people shopped there, more people would have money to shop elsewhere.
0	Yeah people don't seem to understand this. It's a good service when you actually understand what your paying for. Personally I've been on Hulu, Netflix and OTA with the occasional stream for sports and I've been extremely happy with it in contrast to cable.
0	Fracking toasters.
0	I love BG, but I don't get that reference. Help?
0	Yup! The Battlestar Galactica did it right.
0	Let me get my pencil guy down here to make sure its legit.
1	Echo ^^Echo ^^^^Echo
0	Who are you trying to kid? It's not unfortunate, it's deliberate.
1	"Good my mother even started to talk in clickbait. She sees something out of the window that she thinks we should see and tells us ""you have got to see this, you will like this"" so we drop whatever we are doing to see a female cat rolling around in front of 5 male cats. Yeah mom that was definitely more interesting than what we were doing."
0	Corporations using their money and power to buy legislation is capitalism.
0	Ya, the first thing you see after the article is over is a bunch of clickbait lol.
0	Clickface is Bookbait
0	Windows mobile is still a thing??
0	Illegal is only illegal if you get caught.  Hence why they get away with it as long as it's in the dark.
1	Ahh she's totally electable now!
0	From which perspective are you looking at this, European or American, for example? According the article, the way patent law works in Europe is that, even if some object is patented, a person is still allowed to personally build that object using their own tools strictly for personal use. Under U.S. patent law, even that's prohibited.
1	yeah since Facebook is the bastion of sincerity and honesty
1	Good thing the free market solved that monopoly problem!
0	Wait, why is it bullshit for your work to be protected forever? Or do you mean someone elses work only?
0	"True, but you don't know how many of my users didn't back up their shit because ""Oh, bagofwisdom can always just retrieve that for me.  There's no need for me to do anything."""
0	It's only on the current MacBook, and only for the display hinge screws.
0	The most crucial thing exposed by Snowden was the poor security practices of the NSA, outsourcing highly sensitive roles to commercial organisations.
0	This kind of thing gets me when I edit, I sympathise.
0	"""Fuck Hoover, yes, go ahead..."""
0	Well, he's not Freakazoid and cats don't keyboard mash in hex.
0	Hopefully. Im so sick of Snowden
0	In the United States any device that is intended to interfere with authorized radio communication is prohibited by the FCC. Might be different where you are.
0	"I never bought into that ""you're safe in your car"" nonsense.  Lightening travels miles across the sky, I'm sure it can manage the space between your rocker panels or chassis and the ground."
0	No, it essentially acts as a ground.
1	The Government gave us Wi-Fi as a way of controlling out fat and reading our minds
1	This is horrible!  Aren't you reading some of these other posts?  Can't you see this is creating a precedent that will rip apart the very fabric of society?! THE SKY IS FALLING
1	But if I don't like it, nobody should like it!
0	I'm sorry and I don't fully know the tone but I think you could have done a little better. We all have situations where you come to some guys house and he's got this thing he's really into that he really wants to show you. I remember situations such as viewing a friend's 100 CD dance collections, viewing a friend's brand new mountain bike, a friend's new guitar. All of these things I gave no shits about but asked questions and feigned being impressed. We all have shit we're really proud of that 90% of the world gives no shits about. Pay it forward?
0	Bizarrely ignorant statement - anyone can die at any time.
0	I think his point is that no one gets hostile and outraged at a restaurant that only serves vegan food, or mexican, or chinese when they want a cheeseburger. They simply go somewhere else that serves what they want. This is a certain atmosphere that the bar owner wants to create for a specific set of customers. If its not for the people on this sub, why do they have to be so outraged that someone might like something different.
0	Then he's dumb for not looking at his signal meter.
1	Because smart phones make soooo much noise!
0	Why doesn't he just use a cellphone jammer?
1	Super dangerous!  How did the human race ever exist without cell phones?
0	Ah good sir Edison is but a simpleton. My favorite inventor was an unknown brilliant man names Tesla
1	But what if we can't check the Facebook? Most important thing ever and I think you need to get your life straight.
0	Yeah, 1 person has died.
0	*As far as I know.
0	You do realize that Musk still owned Paypal for years after being ousted from his role of CEO. Paypal has always tried to be a payment/bank service while trying to evade regulation applicable to both - to this very day it is still the case.
1	Then why else would all the media groups and companies be talking about the Internet of Things, like it's the second coming of Christ?
0	I don't really believe that any officer in the state would be impartial in a case like this. Do you?
1	Yeah seriously, if you're going to take grant money just invent the real breakthrough technology already!
0	"Yeah, except It's the IOC. They sued a local pizza place where I live who had used the name ""Olympic Pizza"" for decades."
1	Haha that's not piracy it's just sharing. Piracy is when complete strangers share with you. Sharing with strangers is stealing everyone knows that.
1	But they're ESSENTIAL. Doesn't that mean everybody needs them?
0	You do realize that's not feasible for everyone, right? Some people work long days (gf's job is 10-11 days), other people rely on the bus which takes time/isn't always consistent.
0	This has been my goto site for years. RIP Torrentz, you will be missed :(
0	At least when they go down, they just re-appear anyways from a new host.
1	You are not welcome here
0	Nope, they completely took down the entire KAT server base. It's a shame, but a good wake-up call for decentralized alternatives. We desperately need innovation or the next big torrent site will be taken down as well.
0	Okay, that *is* a source.  Color me surprised, thanks for the info!
1	Now, where else am I going to get my completely legal copies of GoT
0	Fuck the Olympic committee
1	Sell your family to comcast, easy enough.
1	who the hell wants that many viruses
1	Dude I'm entitled to watch whatever I want. If I cannot buy it legally (or at the price I want it), I have the right to pirate it. I'm entitled to it and fuck paying for things that took money to produce.
0	They said it was killing record industry profits.  And maybe it was.  Maybe if it weren't for cassette tapes and piracy, the music and movie industry would have *double* ridiculously insane high profit margins.
1	Wouldn't want to infringe KAT's copyright.
0	I read that as NetZero at first.
0	Yeah I've heard alot of really smart people talking about how old Larpy raped some kid in '96. That really seems like the kinda thing he would want to address, makes you wonder about the guy.
1	But we're safe right?
0	"It's a trashcan you crammed a high end computer into, it doesn't change the fact that ""trashcan"" is an idiotic form factor."
0	SELinux was actually hardened in order to ensure foreign governments couldn't spy on our people and corporations... if only the irony was less subtle.
1	Agree!  I mean she cared enough to have her own email server in her house.  And she kept it clean, by wiping it with a rag.
0	If a country doesnt wanna play nice with the rest of the world, fuck em.
1	Why limit yourself to the OS-level? Go directly to the bare metal on the hardware level.
1	You mean you don't _love_ forcibly needing to stay online and log in to use a product you completely paid for? You need to stay plugged-in so that you can ~~be monitored since you can't be trusted~~ get the most up-to-date user experience!
1	It's easy, they just need to have full authority to monitor every process on our PCs. What's all the hubbub?
0	Nope, just opposing Nazi bootlickers and suicide vest fanatics who love firing rockets into Israel without provocation.  Jews lived there for thousands of years as well
0	"Comcast is vastly more ethical than the telcos or Disney. They're always painted as the ""bad guy"" in the ISP and TV business when it's really Hollywood and the telcos that are fucking everyone over."
1	(Insert Israel joke here)
0	The amazing thing about this is not the price, but that pokemon go runs on flip phones.
0	How much have the Kock Brothers spent distorting the record?
0	Android users have pride in not paying for music and apps? They are proud of the fact that they aren't supporting the creators of the services and art that they enjoy? I would like an android user to corroborate this for me.
0	That's only slightly more ludicrous than her first comment about screens.  Computers are in classrooms so corporations can make money.  Yeah OK.
1	Like has been done for fossil fuels right?
0	It chugged along for 10 times the expected operational life span, so I'm not sure what you are on about.
0	Fuck Comcast once again.
0	It's the entire business model of Google. I don't see why Comcast should be any different. Yes, the pricing sucks and there isn't an alternative, but is it against business practices?
0	What about Waffle House? We have one of those.
0	I just started using my first VPN last night. It's a little slower, but not by much. I guess it's good that I started with really fast internet. The only thing I can't use is Netflix, but I'm fine with that. I'm happy enough with their US offerings.
1	I'll set one up! You guys can all trust me, I'm a redditor.
0	Tell me about it.  If I downloaded data continuously at the top speed of my connection 24 hours a day for a whole month I'd be paying 1 cent per gb. I'm a little surprised the number came out that round ($0.009259 to be exact).  I don't think I've ever broken 150gb a month though so its closer to $0.50 or more a GB.  I wouldn't even know where to start in creating an ISP sadly.
0	You gotta short the big crashes!
1	Well you know, a 1 has a higher voltage than a 0 at the physical layer. This means, that for every 1 we transmit, we need 5 times as much power to transmit it than a 0. So we need to charge you 5 times as much.
0	Quill Corp only established that *software* being used in a state does not constitute a physical presence. Netflix doesn't just have software in the city of Chicago, it has *physical hardware* located in the city.
0	whoa, simmer down, Satan
0	Because they are falling knives. The tip isn't that because a stock is dropping it will be bad forever. The tip is don't try to call the bottom, because it's incredibly difficult to do and will end up costing you in the long run. The money you miss by waiting for the bottom to actually form (the knife being on the floor instead of in the air) is miniscule compared to the money you will save by calling bottoms too early.
0	A good scientist wants research done.  That's all she's asking for.  But feel free to make this into an irrational paranoia fest if you must.
0	Also 50% returns is underperforming compared to the rest of the market.
1	*...but, but, but its the currency of the future that will make the dollar, yen and euro worthless!1!!!!*
0	So is there a restriction on truck height and stuff in china? How do they deliver goods?
0	Depend what you define as old. Most buildings aren't maintained so after about 5 years a new building looks 30 years old - especially if it's your typical concrete box covered in whitewash inside. I swear dorm rooms resemble prisons way too much.
0	"I have been hearing ""[Political body] wants to ruin Bitcoin, switch to [other cryptocurrency.]"" for a long time now. There is no way either one will happen."
1	Lost money on lehman bro. Done with USD.
0	Well that's stupid cuz one Bitcoin is worth over $500 usd and wtf is strength and how is it different to value?
0	Stock Market/Forex in a nutshell
0	Yeah, I'm sure we'd love you guys to administer our ISPs in the EU for us.
1	Yeah, but Republicans were the villains then.
0	Yes, I did because it was a good standard. Type C is just simply better.
0	Is there an emoji for that?
0	That's only true if Tesla can accurately predict demand for electric vehicles. This has proved incredibly difficult to predict. I'm not sure Solar City would be OK with leasing space via a contract which could be cancelled if EV demand goes through the roof.
1	Because we're all in this together, we've got to come together and correct the wrongs of our neighbors.  See something, say something.  You are your brother's keeper.
0	Might be easy, but good luck selling them.
0	"Wait till you see my ""fuck Montezuma with a rake"" strategy."
1	Ummmmm he's a LIBERTARIAN. He would never have a chance at the presidency. Why don't you just give in and vote for either Hillary or Trump. Any other vote is pointless.
0	Oh, there were some researchers that were studying the capabilities of the Smart Meters that are so popular these days who developed a method to determine what you were watching on TV by power usage if I recall correctly. Sounds farfetched but it was definitely in an article posted on the web a while ago. Everyone wants to spy on us for our data...
0	Why should one industry have to spend money and put its own profits at risk to protect the profits of another?
0	Sounds nice, now they just need to make a machine that stops the stores from selling already spoiled/rotten Avocados.
1	It even has a preinstalled app that uses the heartbeat sensor to tell if you've been poisoned by the water.
0	redditsilver.jpg
0	I think old-style RFID cards put a bad stigma in for contactless cards. They would just transmit their stripe data unencrypted. Using EMV solves this problem, but people are dumb and are still going to think that card numbers can still be stolen by people walking by.
1	Have you tried adding more $10 toll roads. Those work I hear.
0	"I view it as the political equivalent of a crook who runs from the police when ordered to stop. ""You can't catch me! You can't make me!"""
0	Yeah those cards are complete garbage, the slowest payment technology in the world. Some places are fast but others are too slow to bother with. I don't use my credit card anymore if they don't allow you to swipe.
1	Whaaaat? Comcast is the most legit, kind, heartwarming customer service friendly company ever.
0	Illinois?
1	"Comcast ""engaging in a pattern of deceptive practices""? No way!"
0	Alcoa wasn't broken up, but you could add Northern Securities to the list
1	"its almost like we should create a department for that. maybe call it the federal ""trade commission"" or something."
1	Great, then we'll have a Google monopoly. I can't imagine how this could possibly go wrong
0	Huh, that's interesting. Apple and Google both also bundle their browser with their OS now.
0	You mean the i frastructure that is there because the govt helped foot the bill and made laws requiring people to allow it?
1	Yup, so never do anything to curb deceptive practices. Right on brother!
0	Why would they have to hide it? They've invested good money in their horde of politicians to keep it legal.
1	Yeah but in internet time that's like 1000 years!
0	lol what the fuck is it with Brazil, there's other countries that don't have it but Brazil is the most loud about it.
1	Oh I thought it was a Lynyrd Skynyrd reference.
0	It certainly has its flaws but it's gotten me out of the house more than any other game I've ever played.
1	Ha, I use 55555, all those people trying to brute force my luggage are in for a surprise.
0	"Those are two different issues, though, right? One is ""do they have a right to re-sell the image"" and the other is ""do they have a right to issue takedown notices."""
1	What? A leading member of Niantic is totally incompetent? No way!? I would have never seen that coming.
0	What was the password? All I see is ******
0	Absolutely! I wanted to emphasize choice so thanks for pointing that out. At this point, we just have to start experimenting with and adopting those technologies. It will take some time, but when I see a zite shared over 500 times it looks already quite OK to me.
0	Not sure about other subways, but in DC the trains stop a lot more than at just the stations.
1	"But they don't need to complete because it's ""classified as a generic"" according to the CEO. Obviously everyone is making this pens!"
0	what's a bulls-t?
1	Didn't anyone tell you that you can't be allowed to cut into a scammer's profits because *jobs*, and also profits?!?
0	We all hate all three of these companies.
1	Don't listen to these lies. To get it you will need very special and slightly more expensive 10G cables... yes they do look exactly like cables you already own... but experts would see the difference right away
0	No US doctor will call it adrenaline. Adrenaline is semantically correct in Great Britain and nowhere else. In the USA epinephrine is the only correct term.
0	Hey if the feds are going around stripping patents I don't feel as bad pirating all my media. (Just kidding I never felt bad)
1	But they patented having the two things combined. So therefore it's something new.
1	. . . but oh darn!  what can actually get accomplished before the election?  Lots of talk and posturing?  Wow, senators will barely have time to sell their stock and cancel appointments with lobbyists :(
0	If you went after everyone that did that though we probably wouldn't have the pharmaceutical industry as we know it today.
0	If you want care to be like the VA, while the private healthcare state is fucked up really badly, the government has already shown it is incapable of handling healthcare. As a medically retired veteran with a plethora of healthcare issues from injuries in Afghanistan, I can tell you the VA is a horrible institution, they routinely experiment with unsafe medications, can take months to get seen for life threatening issues, etc. Given that it is socialized healthcare for a small number of Americans and it failed, imagine the issues of the sane system for everyone. Government healthcare has worked in other nations, but the US government has proven it can't manage such a system, instead we need to look at eays to fix the private system, things such as allowing competition between insurers across state lines etc, that alone would go so far to reduce costs, right now companies enjoy localized monopolies without true competition.
0	"I'd edit that to, ""isn't *necessarily* a dangerous one."""
1	But I've got nothing to hide!
0	"*Is* your arrest record a ""private"" matter?"
1	Whaaaat!? I thought databases full of personal information were only going to be used for their specific purpose!! How can this be happening!?
0	I'm saying I did research and didn't buy into the hype. I grew up on NES so I know about false advertising. There was plenty of gameplay footage before it came out. Wtf you're so butthurt over a $60 game.
1	but they're media companies, their profits are divine rights
1	In completely unrelated news, the marketing guy from Keurig was fired from HP.
0	"Remember it's only ""one bad apple"" but of course the rest of that proverb is ""spoils the whole barrel"""
1	How else are my friends supposed to get a hold of me?
1	I'm sure now that' it's been discovered there will be tons of trials where people are held accountable for these law violations!!!
0	Yeah there is no think blue line for Walmart employees or the such.
1	But here is a video clip from one out of the thousands of Black Lives Matter protests that proves the entire movement is rotten
1	See, THIS is why I browse in Incognito Mode.
0	Drugs won that war
0	Got any other good juicy rumors?
0	So how long until I an use it myself on my own cables? Or will I have to buy a new device to make use of this advancement?
1	Police would never do such things!
0	Yeah Lexis Nexis has a new product called 'Smart Links' that just scans all the government databases to get information on people and their family members.  This product is sold to law firms, and the potential for abuse with it is insane.  And like, now this product is locked behind a massive paywall, but give it ten, fifteen years and I bet you can do these searches for like 99 cents.
1	You must hate the police! #Policelivesmatter
0	Not just police, just anyone in general.
1	That's nonsense. The police are our shining white Knights, protecting us from the black death!
0	It depends on the browser. On Firefox there was a simple plugin but I forget the name, Flashblock or something?
0	The silly part about that is that tree trunks grow out, not up.  If you shot an arrow at the 4' mark as a kid and returned 10 years later, if the arrow were still in the tree it wouldn't be an inch higher.
0	Or Rust. Three bloody years in Early Access?!
0	"If you hate that, look up a game called ""Race to Mars"". I was swindled out of my money for it 3 years ago and it is still in alpha AND is 99% unplayable (even the game's exit button doesn't work)"
0	But you wont be paying your Cable provider for ***that!***
0	... Does yours?
0	Not really. Bleach isn't as much of a cure-all as people think.
0	IIRC, it likely isn't faster than a conventional computer for most things. It's built to do a specific computation(annealing) many orders of magnitude faster than a conventional processor
0	It didn't. I believe we are technically still at war.
0	Of course they will when their is no punishment or oversight.
0	perfect storm of things we hate, all colliding.  Journalists, presidential debates, hotel wifi, and regulations.
0	Agreed. Since FDE on Android/Qualcomm is compromised and one can't install on iOS without jailbreaking, which introduces its own vulnerabilities, the best answer goes back to Joshua - the only winning move is not to play.
1	oh yeah, a company should *never* need to protect its intellectual property.
1	But the world is only 2016 years old!
0	And depending on your country and state etc. Your sexual preferences, relationship status and religion
1	Oh my god you selfish murderer!
0	Also those new speed bumps they put on the highway
0	I was just in San Francisco for vacation. I stopped by Googleplex and saw a driverless car for the first time. I'm certainly not against the technology, I think it is pretty cool, but it definitely gave me the willies.
1	Yeah, it's totally made up
0	Wait wait, so HitlerDomo is racist? But not all Domos are racist?
0	Who is the Anti-Defamation League, and why should anyone care about what they think?
1	Shh they must remain relevant.
1	Hey man, all those racists weren't necessarily Trump supporters
0	Wait are Trump supporters using his petty interjections as a sort of 'Gotcha' now? You know 90% of the time where he said 'Wrong' he was actually lying, right?
0	I understood that reference, officer.
1	Because you needed Facebook!
0	A rare Pepe has appeared. You are now on a government watch list.
1	There are people who do that considering they are the center of the universe.
1	Yeah! Only the government should collect my private Information!
0	She wasn't even really kicked out.  She was not invited and never got close to the debate to be kicked out.
0	or, if you don't have to pay for something you are the product and not the consumer
1	My stickers
0	What's your solution?
1	Oh yeah, I hear you can volunteer by liking and sharing some link on facebook!
0	Pressurized volume =/= habitable volume. ISSs habitable volume is only 450 m^3
0	To play devils advocate, why was the self driving car unable to compensate for the sudden obstacle on the road?
0	In some regards.  In many others, they are stuck in 2001.
1	Oh, the horror!  People buying shit without government knowing about it.  This will keep me up at night.
1	Yes, because the US has never ever tried to restrict websites based on their content.
0	If he has the right to support Trump then we have the right to not support him or anything he's affiliated with, if you can't wrap your mind around that it's a miracle you have even survived this long.
1	You sound like a well-informed voter.
0	Neither was I.
0	That was actually the Aricebo telescope. /pedantry
1	BECAUSE YOU'RE A FILTHY PIRATE!
0	Some, who I assume, are good people.
1	shooting radio waves into the upper atmosphere to heat it up to create weather patterns....that Trump guy was spot on about global warming being created by the Chinese.
0	We don't. But after running SETI for decades without positive result, we might as well give Chinese a try.
0	Don't know where your first sentence ends and where the next begins.
1	"You know, that ""cool"" kid. The 30 year old with the awesome black van with flames on it. That comes by our highschool every day to show of his sick kick-flips and sell packets of cocaine for used girls' underpants."
0	Elite Dangerous supports VR?  How's that look?
0	Not like anyone who has seriously looked into VR was going to buy a rift over a vive anyway.
0	If your point was that I am right, then thank you.
1	Yeah anyone who doesn't drive a Ferrari is a doofus because it's 100% the better car!
0	Tell that to Jordan Belfort.
0	The only indication to my coworkers of my sexual orientation was if we hung out after work or when I went on leave to get married. Even then my wife has a gender neutral name so unless they met us they could not be certain. The fact is sexual orientation should not come up in the workplace. Whether someone is intruding or someone is broadcasting it. If you do either of those you deserve to be reprimanded.
0	The same thing happens with hillary. For both  of them, a large part of their appeal is that they arent the other guy. I mean one, actually has a somewhat decent policy list and the other one thinks nukes are cool, but thats why.
0	I want the Kool-aid you're drinking
0	fuck, I shitpost for free, there's *money* in this?
0	Could this report be used to support a defense?
0	"you can set them to manual but it's difficult. i set mine not to automatically download, it still prompts me all the time but i can just press the ""get updates"" button and then close the resulting dialog. it's just annoying and not ""take down the network for hours"" annoying."
0	"Ahh the ole ""If it ain't broke, don't fix it"" adage!"
0	This will just mean more convictions of possibly innocent people and they're doing it intentionally.  How is this legal?
0	This just means that you need to stare into the webcam when you're masturbating.
0	Those look ridiculous.
1	Because then all terrorists will use it! Think about the children!
1	Buy it out and can it 8 months later.  You will like Hangouts much better
0	This worries me coz I will often use my phone to watch special things while I have my special time.
0	Those are for unsecure network cameras. There is no hacking going on. It's basically just a list of IP adresses. If you connect to the IP you can control the camera if they didn't secure it with a password (which you obviously should)
0	I thought she said we were going to hell.
0	Listen here you little Skype
1	Holy shit, I can't believe this is happening.
0	Allo supports encryption too. You can make all of your conversation incognito if you are worried about it.
1	"But what if they ""smell marijuana"" coming from that IP?"
0	I'll bring this up with him, dude is sharp as hell so I'd imagine there's some reason he's avoided it. I'd like to think I know what I'm doing, and I can't possibly imagine what it is though. It took me about 2 minutes of digging to figure out how to set it up on my home network, but I've only got one AP.
0	Every adblocker I've used lets you whitelist individual sites.
0	The warrant isn't to search a person, it's to search the electronics on the premises. If someone is routing through an electronic device, that device can now be used to try and track the person going through it. Instigating the physical location if a piece of equipment using an IP isn't the problem, it's the use of shit services like MaxMind to try and say you know where that device is. Subpoena the ISP for an address, then you're much better off.
0	Cord cutter here...  nope.
0	"Dissidents and people who piss of the government who commit ""suicide"" via three shots to the back of the head with a rifle."
0	who here is talking about the government regulating anything? people are talking about something instagram is doing that's shitty and being upset by it, this is about informing people of things they might want to know.
0	I didn't realize memes required funding
1	What? HuffPost making things up? Madness! I don't believe it!
0	Actually PC prices are at an all time low. Thanks to the strong competition all but the lowest cost producers have quite the market leaving the field to companies like Lenovo who can leverage their ability to produce PCs at absolute minimum prices.
1	"So did you get the iPhone, or did it keep landing on ""1 spin"" all the time?"
0	Belgium, man. Belgium.
0	ive said it before. ill say it again. if you can 100% guarantee your site isn't peddling malware and virus bait, i'll disable adblock. if your website is going to destroy my computer, i don't give a rats ass if you lose the 30 cents my ad view would've made
0	I often think: Are ads the only way? Is there literally no other way that money can be generated from content on your website without any user interaction? (Because I am considering even 1 percent user interaction for givigng you money as degraded user experience)
0	Better than Ghostery? They've been giving me real issues since their upgrade this week.
0	"Maybe unsurprisingly, the human species is naturally creative, and LOVES to share information.  Is it so crazy to say that ""journalists"" and editors shouldn't be paid?"
1	wow! this is great! they need to increase the range a little, 100km is not too much, but if its on an airplane then it would be a great tech against those american invisible planes!. i like how china is kicking ass in advanced quantum tech. They just Do it.
0	Yes I did. I have no idea how or why, but I got it the second time because I tried to reproduce it by visiting the same site. I actually avoided the site for a few years after that, but now with the safety measures nothing has happened so far.
0	Says who? I don't feel guilty at all
0	Well, I guess I'm the 33%. I block all ads, everywhere, without exception. I think modern Bernays-style advertising with emotional appeals and social engineering is wholly unethical and I have no intention of ever seeing such an ad again.
1	Microtransaction-sized paywalls, everywhere, and as far as the browser can navigate!
0	Yes, and i do on any site where i regularly consume content that has an option.
0	Content creators have no right to monetize their content?
1	Sure WaPo, ad block users feel so guilty about blocking that deluge of garbage.
0	There are plenty of ad networks that are obviously not very picky about the ads they serve, they are just as much to blame as the malware authors. Some ad networks take steps to make sure they aren't serving malicious ads; if this was the standard practice it wouldn't be such an issue.
1	Come on guys, just the FreeMarket^tm  working as intended!
0	Fantasy Football
0	In order to control the populace you control the information the populace receives irrespective of what year it may be.
0	I would rather it not be the way it is.
1	Luckily, there are other huge corporations to fight the good fight, who are obviously motivated by doing the right thing.
0	Moral of the story: Don't take selfies.
0	May want to recheck that statement. Google was supposed to have my house wired 2 years ago.
0	No I'm saying that I want to leave Facebook, but if I do I lose contact with friends and family that live far away and in other countries, that I only really communicate with via Facebook.
1	Why? Do you have something to hide too?
1	Good try HILLARY!
0	In China too, where the one-child policy is / was in effect.
0	Hah, lawyer joke, I get it. Here's an upvote. :-)
0	The front page
0	No I'm neither. I believe this is vital for us as a nation to have this conversation.
0	We did it Reddit!
1	So you never have to leave your car. The seat is the toilet. You travel as far as you poo. So eat a lot at the drive through.
0	I don't see how this could possibly go wrong.
0	No nation wants to deal with 25 million starving refugees. A few nukes are absolutely nothing in comparison to that mess. You've swallowed a fairly large load of propaganda there.
0	What could go wrong?
0	"Click baiting aside, those pictures are worth checking out. Or skip the dramatic ""this photo really upset the guide"" under every picture and check the original work out, the photographer is called Eric Laforgue"
0	Is.... Is that subreddit real? I can't tell if it's parody or not
0	Next up, North Korea hacks Reddit.
0	Cell phones are computer. This is basic knowledge. Common now, try to keep up.
0	It's Russia my friend. In Russia bike kill u.
0	But what would that do? It wouldn't be able to do much if it couldn't interact with other programs.
0	And im not a rapper
0	Unless MS really has nothing to do with it and Lenovo is fuill of shit.
1	nvm guys thread's over microsoft loves linux and would never do anything like this HAIL MICROSOFT
0	Yeah, you would be surprised how wrong that is.
0	I'm probably the minority, but i'm very excited for a one AI for everything. I currently use an Amazon echo to control my lights and thermostat in my house. It lacks integration with my other devices and its question answering is horrible. I can't wait for the day when I can pickup my phone, talk to google home, have someone text me a show and have the option to put it directly on my TV.
0	"Both of my HP printers developed unresolvable ""paper jams"" within days of each other, rendering both completely useless."
1	Oh boy, what a surprise.
0	Only when they're republican.
0	I honestly don't give a shit if you believe me.  I just don't understand why you think a random stranger having gone to law school is as unlikely as you being a multilingual moon dwelling dog.  I guess it's because you're probably a moron.  Never mind.
0	WHY ARE THE URLS IN ENGLISH AND WHY DO THEY HAVE TWO TLD EXTENSIONS????
1	North Korea has internet? I thoughts it was banned
0	Undercut prices benefit the consumer. Your evil monopoly just got checked by the free market.
0	what if it wasn't accidental at all, and it was all a ploy by NK to infect millions of western computers with viruses and create a giant botnet?
1	The free market at its finest.
0	That is a nice stream of crap that doesn't address any of the points the original poster made.  This is yet another entirely idiotic scandal.  Getting a lot of media to report a fake scandal isn't exactly difficult.
0	Is this technically a DDOS attach at this point?
0	When your 2 main ingredients are rice and dirt, you need to start getting creative.
0	But even Comey said that some of the stuff was Super Secret. So secret that even congress could not see it. The lawyers had that kind of clearance?
0	When you see metastasized clusters everywhere it's not news, it's cancer.
0	And this is why you're the IT guy and not the customer-facing guy.
0	Can confirm. Am dead weight.
0	Pessimistic: username checks out.
0	A non-1984 Orwell reference in connection to US politics. What a rare gem.
1	What? Impossible. What, do they want a monopoly or something?
0	I'm confused.. there was just a submission from r/technology on the front page. Where did it go?
1	What does this news story about a server have to do with technology?
0	Nobody did.  Since he couldn't figure out how to edit the incriminating headers he just deleted the emails.
1	Found the shill!
0	What's more humiliatingly embarrassing than being a republican who loses to Trump? Ask Hillary.
0	In fairness, any country with a halfway decent cyber attack group would probably hack the State Department easy too.
0	Please no. Our memes leaking on the internet is one thing; national secrets is another.
0	he then locked himself in a bag, the lock was on the outside of course
0	You're right, instead he wanted to falsify evidence under subpoena - you don't have to have a written one to fall into the destruction of evidence trap, you just have to know one is likely and that was certainly the case.
0	Yeah sure. The US is the worst place to live on earth blablabla, authoritarian oligarchy blablabla, Sanders is the only one to save us blablabla. Come back when you grow up, thank you very much.
1	Oh so I guess it didn't happen.
0	Yeah, that's what I was wondering.  All he had to do was release evidence showing that the hospital wasn't acting in the patients best interest, and everyone would have been on his side.  Instead he took down the site for a children's hospital, which is illegal, and doesn't do much to garner any sympathy from the public.
0	Give him a big heavy medal and throw him in the middle of the ocean. He's a traitor.
1	Yes, this will totally go well.
0	Because Hillary's buttboi Chris Dodd asked her nicely to begin the war on torrents
0	That's why you send police in with military gear
0	Challenge accepted.
0	Is it just me, or do the captions cut off in both videos at ~ 50% in? What is going on?
1	Clinton foundation.
1	But the amount field has a $1 limit
0	That Twitter bootstrap look is what you mean.
0	What so you can go send them hate mail?
1	Facebook humbly suggests you adhere to their deciding whether or not you should let yourself be known to everyone you're friends with on Facebook.
0	If you cover up a rape, are you as bad as the rapist?
1	Steam desperately needs a safe space where developers can be free from negative criticism.
0	"I gave something a ""non praise worthy""  review on Amazon. I gave it 3 stars. About 2 days later I was contacted by the company/manufacturer and they said they would pay me to undone harmful review as it damages their company. I kinda laughed."
0	pretty sure i can say i *wanna* murder someone, as long as i dont say i intend to
0	They offered her the ambassador deal when they knew somebody filmed the conversation (explained in the article i linked) and they didn't know she will ask them anyway. You'll notice in the video that she seems to agree with the guy when he said that she should'nt ask the question. The video went on her channel and they try to bribe her into not talking about what went on behind the scene.
0	Is there any videos of this yet?
0	Somehow I'm very sure there was an MBA involved in this decision.
1	Who need documentation when you have open source?
0	Brother if you're a private user. Konica Minolta for business.
0	Why not turn that file into a torrent? I would seed for you. I'll even host the file for direct download,  but that should be placed some where and tagged so people can the dick nature of hp.
0	Imagine being able to grow a new body and transplant your head onto it if your current body is dying, would be the ultimate freedom from inoperable cancer, loss of limbs etc.
0	You have to also tell them this is why you do that.
0	I wonder if anyone has tried using a phone accelerometer to pick up audio yet.  Theoretically, if it's sensitive enough, it probably could.
0	At least update is not for to stop exploding issues.
1	That's why I always scream into my phones mic when I'm using it.
0	I think you should read it over again
0	Its better for the fbi if people think the fbi can break the encryption than it is for people to know they just guessed passwords.
1	Yeah! How dare he ask the responsible party to pay his medical bills! Cheap piece of shit.
0	No, this isn't going to turn into the silicon valley issue where the big tech companies colluded to keep wages low. Guess what Fox? If an employee finds a better deal, tough shit.
1	But... but... mobile gaming is the future!
1	Because the FBI has zero competent computer engineers working for them.
0	It's a very unknown game but it should be much more popular, like FFVII levels of popular. I love the gameplay, it's so unique and entertaining. That and Legend if Legaia are some of my favorite RPGs.
0	Yeah, fuck him for using an OS that's compatible with everything!
0	PTSD trigger warning
0	Yeah, counting *only* console games is a bad comparison. It takes a lot to publish those. You can publish a mobile app in a day from your bedroom. Counting all the flash games, Unity games, indie games, etc. out there would be provide a better comparison.
1	That's because anyone that does is never seen again.
0	Hate to break it to you but you are paying full price for that phone. Verizon isn't in the business of giving people free phones. Your two year upgrade is paid for by inflating the price of your monthly service.
0	systemless root/xposed
1	No, it's just good *design*. People are still gonna steal your shit, but at least now you won't also have a broken down door, too.
0	"It is *listening*. It is not necessarily *recording*.  Does the person standing next to you hear you say ""OK Google""?  Do *they* have a recording of your voice?"
0	I'd have to disagree self driving cars are used by the government and to that there is already at least one state with this legal. I don't think this is going to be a big deal as far as legislation goes all they have to do is prove that it's safer than a human and with all the idiots on the road this shouldn't be hard at all. Also with the rise in technology comes along side it a rise in social evolution, one or two more shitty presidents before people realize we need to do something.
1	Article says 49%, clickbait title says half. Journalism at its worst!
0	don't most of them require you to blink?
0	Perhaps they should spend more on digital protections and less on NFL patriotic shit.
0	Could have shortened the title of this post to 'US embarrassed'
1	But I thought the government was in favour of backdoors and wanted them installed on everything?  They should be paying this guy millions of dollars for doing their work.
0	Form over function. Typical Apple, really. No surprise.
1	nope its in the cloud
0	We can't go to the moon! The moon landings were fake, since nazis would just shoot us down, we were never able to actually get to the moon. The moon was an outside job!
0	100% yes, but that doesn't mean the driving portion won't be automated. Think of the cotton gin. You still need someone to operate the gin, but it's still better than having 20 people picking gunk out of raw cotton all day. Not technically 100% automated, but it is still better than it was. Plus, if self driving trucks really did become more prevalent, I imagine that the saved money could be put into developing an automation for the non-automated parts of the process.
0	Cost is about $20k per shot, obviously only for high value targets.
0	Sounds like a classic standoff between product development and engineering.
0	It's rumored that the new HTC is bent on world domination.
1	Can't wait to use these in the 4 or 5 desert conflicts we are so invested in.
0	I just hope they still use the cardboard wheel thing for authentication.
1	Unlike reddit of course
0	It's a boon from a safety standpoint, no worries about magazine explosions now
0	"""Ah yes, I recall the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Wasn't that the one that would occasionally explode?"""
0	Virtually all operating systems do this.
0	*I don't need to take a test to tell you I do drugs*
1	Oh no Russia's gonna turn into a rape culture now !
0	For five minutes until a drone comes along to fix that problem.
0	I love how to a certain fraction of Americans, an armed rebellion is more sensible than just getting people to actually care and vote in, for example, senate elections. 37% of Americans voted in the last senate election.  Why don't you try voting out the House and Senate before you start guerilla operations against them?
1	Jeez those cybersecurity laws really need to update so they can toughen up on rapists.. That's the issue here, right?
0	Jury nullification could prove to set this man free.
0	You're right. So we should just let them fuck us any way they please.
0	Absolutely none of that justifies the lack of a punishment given to the rapists.
0	What he did was expose corruption in the legal system and the education system that protected rapists. They can't let him get away with that. They need to make an example of him so you know never to fuck with the corrupt.
1	It's starting to add up. They're all Trump supports waiting for him to build a wall so they can have their jobs back.
0	UCB, not KITH.
1	Who gives a shit, the iPhone has no headphone jack.
0	"Only Reddit could turn this into, ""all other execs are old and don't understand us young people! DAE le hate older people telling me I'm incompetent?!"""
0	Please tell me what he did before i make you the new warlizard.
1	Found the psychopath exec.
0	Hey if the feds want to watch me write code or masturbate, they can go right ahead.
0	No he wouldn't.  As soon as he stepped foot in the EU he would be gift wrapped and shipped back to the US.  America has *strong* allies in Europe.
0	No, it's actually pretty hard for me to sympathize with your point of view. We're talking about mass surveillance of civilian populations here, which is a human rights violation. I'm not going to support my government violating the rights of foreigners just because some foreign governments might be violating my rights.  In other words: I don't support my government spying on you, so why do you support your government spying on me?
0	Show of hands: who even subscribes to Prime for anything other than the free shipping on stuff?
1	Yes, I must be an Amazon employee because their customer satisfaction is so low, any support for them is highly suspect.
0	It also represents having to stop and correct something about every 20 words.
1	I'm so glad they are making sure to get the best deal with our tax dollars.
0	You are nowhere near the expertise of ee cummings. Learn to write properly and maybe somebody, somewhere, might actually take your content seriously.
0	It depends on how far it spreads.  Nature can mitigate some of it but it will likely screw the immediate area which is what they're protesting.
0	There's a good chance she still uses it anyway.
1	Walking back UWP already.  What a surprise.
0	That's bullshit.
1	Check the comments, ignore the article, knee-jerk react to the title, and only the title.
0	For me and my blood pressure, yes.
1	So you mean to tell me that this isnt just a senseless discrimination case? In which police sicked attack dogs on peaceful protesters which is exactly like the black rights movement of the past?! But there were so many articles written by trustworthy sites like buzzfeed and affiliates posted on facebook.
0	Was it a pilot episode or some random video? I've seen ads before pilots.
0	That's my point. There is plenty on Twitter that is not public.
0	First it's optional,  then it's not. That's how you change something to something else
0	At least Samsung designed it so it would send his last Reddit post before the phone spontaneously boomed. That's some good user experience design right there.
1	Shit, where can I buy some ads?
0	The best tool for this is [Tor Browser](https://torproject.org). I wouldn't mess around with a whole stack of extensions when there's already an excellent, integrated tool for this. You can set the Security Slider and Privacy Options to whatever level you're comfortable with. But don't put any Add-Ons into Tor Browser, as that will make you more identifiable.
0	The author states it's for a recent build, and that switching the API off for Google play switches off for all. That said, author hasn't specified build
0	Technically until the Store is open for submissions, but yep.
0	I'm sure all 3 people using Pebble are ecstatic.
0	I just use my stereo for that. Hooked up some Boston Acoustics to a Marantz 2252 and threw on a bluetooth receiver for it. Works nice and I can switch between my tablet, laptop, and phone without that pop from swapping a 3.5mm jack.
0	We clearly aren't in a war against Chevy though, as they have released both the Volt and now the Bolt. Seems like they've turned around and we should reward them for coming to their senses.
0	I'm not sure about smaller streamers, but I know bigger streamers don't even think running ads is worth it, even without taking adblock into account. I forget the numbers he gave but Reynad has stated that he doesn't run ads because he thinks the minor amount of money makes from them isn't worth the risk of viewers being put off by them.
0	Called this like 2 years ago, watching people idolize a service based on stealing is hilarious, and if they are surprised by this move then they are truly stupid.
0	They basically just walked out into the middle of a public road and set up a tollbooth.
1	That's OK our pay went up 11% when the result was announced
0	So? Uninstall ABP if you think it's shady. Look at all the top comments in this thread. I just think that they're providing good incentives and I see this as a legit way we can end the ad/blocker arms race. More restrictive and consumer focused ad servers seems like a good thing to me. If that's not what they turn into, block em.
1	Good job reading the article.
0	Right, it says that the 70 is almost double the previously recorded global count, which was 35.
1	Yea, lets just ignore the 50+ million exposed to infected ads on yahoo 6 months ago, or the 10 million exposed on Forbes a month prior.
0	Except the ad revenue goes to ABP, not the content creator.
0	Of course the assumption is Palestine=terrorism?
1	10x stop exaggerating man it's actually 9x
0	"Ah, iPhone reviews: written by people who know that if they don't treat the latest gadget from Apple as the ""best ever"" they'll never be invited to an Apple event again ..."
1	Yeah but they are organized and not killing themselves left and right.
1	Right, it's about state sponsored terrorism. That's why Paypal refuses to work with Saudi Arabians too
1	Yeah, fuck that 6 year old boy. He should have known his mummy's not gonna be with him all the time!
0	"They have been taking donations from the likes of Comcast. They're going to repay them somehow. Don't be naive, you'll ""doom us all""."
1	Yea like not support in flash and removing optical drives.
0	Netflix is fighting for support of their business model, but I'm all for it if it helps with declaring caps unreasonable.
1	Haha sucks for you! I don't have a 4K tv.
1	They can't, they hit their data cap
0	Citizen here. I didn't even know that was a thing. How do I find out about the meetings in my community?
0	I understand this reference.
0	Oh yeah, my 2 yr old daughter said to tell you to go fuck yourself and stop diddling little kids.
0	I'm an android fan, but dude, you have a convoluted viewpoint.  Apple removed the headphone jack, it is an idiotic move but it pales in comparison to your phone catching on fire while you use it.
1	Yes, because the far right is much worse than the far left.
0	Tbh, I've seen more news about a stupid headphones jack than this safety recall
0	Not after it explodes. You don't have any ears either so it won't matter.
1	Apple kills 3.5mm, Samsung kills kids
0	You have a better chance of being hit by lightning than your Note 7 exploding. It's a major fuck up but it's not like they're exploding left and right.  They are doing the right thing and recalling them.  As someone that actually bought one and returned it I'm not sure how much more I could expect.
0	Because the removal of the headphone jack is what apple intended. Noone intended for note 7's to explode.
0	Not everyone pays attention to the news. It's very plausible they were unaware of the recall.
1	At least it had a headphone jack, amirite?
0	You're complaining about updates on a device that released just over 4 years ago?
0	Actually, in the UK you can not even have a Sim card in your phone and still make a 999 call. A PUK ban is almost certainly what is being discussed. The same method is used to disable stolen phones.
0	Well what do you want them to do? Send a representative to your door? Atleast when they are off the risk is lower.
1	Hmm exploding Samsung or 3.5 mm jackless iPhone with hundreds of dollars of adapters, such a tough decision what phone I want this year, what a great time to upgrade.
0	True. But rumor is how this shit starts man.  Its also a linked article not just a reddit post. Still exploding phones is enough to cause a little more outrage.  People are more pissed about a headphone jack than an EXPLODING FUCKING PHONE.  The TSA refuses to allow people to have Note 7's powered on on planes.
0	So? It's easy to remember, quick to type and at least as long as it's parked it'll respond to HTTP without HSTS, has a DNS record and will redirect me to the captive portal of whatever WiFi I'm in.
0	P sure gmos is a narc.
1	Hmmm... Female... Presidential candidate...... Stein?
0	Am I the first to say this, people? Gary Johnson would appoint Supreme Court justices that would protect American citizens from this invasive shit. I can't believe we're losing to a candidate that has a neurological disorder and another that has a personality disorder. You get to pick which is which. Hint: one of them has both
1	Yes, it's so nice of them to have the option.
0	As an automotive reliability engineer, you are entirely clueless. Everything that guy is saying is  100% valid and you're just dismissing it and oversimplifying it from a perspective that is clearly not experienced.
0	Naw, they smelled weed.
0	Not to mention the power generating capabilities to eventually mount laser weapons on the Zumwalt, meaning at some point an actual captain Kirk will tell someone to fire lasers at stuff.
0	Yeah you are totally right - its my fault for having a career.  I should not have been wearing my education like that.  I should have not been acting that way if I did not want it, am I right?
0	That's why I would only take a thing or two back instead of most or it or even everything.
0	Shall we say the same about the entire country of the USA because the ISPs are ludicrous?
0	Even if you weren't, why is no one making the point of why the tech industry is the seeming single target for labor replacement? Everyone who is for H1B's, I would like to known in which industry you work, and why you think it's ok that the IT industry is affected, but not yours. I think I'd the same rules were applied across all industries, everyone supporting H1B's would turn into instant cry babies.
1	shut up and take my money! i NEED this in my life
1	Good thing ICANN is going to end up in the hands of the UN!
0	I am not at all amazed that virtually no one understood that.
1	Well that is incredibly racist of the rest of the world. Pretty glad America isn't that racist.
1	Forgive the sass, but... Ya don't say?!
0	Same, although the static routing sound boring.
0	People still use those? News to me. Bluetooth has been around forever, and it's actually good now. Plus they have a dongle, which exists for the sole purpose of transition. I don't think I've used a headphone jack in years. My nexus 5X has never once had anything in its jack. I'm thinking I'll go with an iPhone 7 next tbh
0	Yes. Really.
0	I don't know anyone who has that phone.
0	I think we all know that the vehicle was a Floridamobile.
0	This is better than the solar roadways idea, which wouldn't have worked at all. Also the problem is quite obvious, the need to move away from dirty sources of energy.
0	Well it's Vancouver, we are in better shape than most North Americans.
0	Wikileaks doesn't like leaks, how ironic.
0	The problem isn't the immigrants, they are being offered a job and accepted it, I would too, they are not the problem. the problem are the businesses outsourcing these jobs to these immigrants instead of hiring or keeping on American workers. It's the same with illegal immigration. People have somehow made it that the poor Mexican picking corn for hours on end in the heat for pennies on the dollar is the issue and not the guy who loads his truck up with them and brings them to his farm. You want to end illegal immigration? Punish the people who hire illegal immigrants. It's supply and demand. People are demanding illegal workers they can pay a tiny wage to, so of course there will be a supply of illegal immigrants coming to take those jobs.
1	It's all a vast right wing conspiracy. The emails are no big deal really, the rest is bullshit.
0	Mother owns a medical coding business. Half is in the states other half in India. This is 100% true. The culture is a nightmare for business. no creativity and must be hand held and closely managed.
0	As much as I want to believe that all of his actions point to the other direction.
1	Congratulations! Me too. I'm super excited.
0	It's not really a market solution when the government is deciding the employees' wages. I like the idea though.
0	Fucking A dude are you trying to lose your Reddit card talking all this placing restrictions on immigrants? We Americans vet no one. You want to come here and suck off the entitlement tit? Sure why not,come on over. You mention putting any restrictions on immigration and your a right wing,racist,bigot. Welcome to murica.
1	You mean those ancient clunky things that didn't require batteries and and clear connections with no audio clipping?
0	Cost, primarily. They still don't compare to deep cycle batteries on any timescale.
0	LGBT prices?
0	So you would have given him a felony?
0	How about Marijuana Mondays?
1	Just build your own social networking site for just you and your friends. And convince them to sign up and check it.  Duh, it's easy! I can't believe people still use Facebook
0	"Easy, make a real ""men in black""."
0	Maybe even on a literal level.
0	This is just embarrassing. Come on, Apple.
1	just buy car batteries and stack them until you have the required voltage/amperage. not like there is any challenge in removing heat when draining a couple of horse powers. ez millions.
1	These large rigid adapters wont bend the hell out of the port and break it during use at all. Its so convenient that the phone 95% of people will put in a thick ass otterbox is now thinner thanks to the removal of that needless archaic audio jack. Id much rather have a thinner phone than one that is usable or convenient!
0	More like a Bluetooth.
0	Just replaced a 5 year old cassette adaptor about 2 months ago...  nothing beats it for price and quality.
1	Yes, because my car that supports aux needs a Bluetooth headphone.
1	Seriously! Who wants a charging/audio dock! I hate docks! I much prefer to have my laptop at work with an external monitor, keyboard and mouse all plugged in separately so I have to unplug them all and then plug them all back in whenever I want to take my laptop to a meeting. It's much easier with all the wires plugged in directly than a dock!
0	Step one: clean up your act.   Step two: apologize for every crime the FBI has committed to date, particularly Hoover's vicious harassment of MLK.  Step three: disband the current FBI, ban all current employees from ever holding any taxpayer-supported job.  Step four: create a new FBI, staffed entirely with people who *follow their goddamned oaths*.
0	Asking the FBI to not be the FBI? Hah.
0	Nice try, but I'd rather have a real apple then try to keep up with all this bullshit.
0	I don't see what that has to do with it, it's not as though they've locked iPhones down so that you can only listen with ~their~ stuff, there will be plenty of third party accessories (there already are).
0	Just plug your headphones into your work computer.
0	Pretty sure that was the agency, most of the shady shit you hear about as far as drug-related stuff is typically attributed to them.
0	Well they usually re-pair right away but it doesn't always happen like that. Especially since I usually pair my phone with my fitbit and you can't have 2 concurrent devices I don't think.
1	Don't blame corporations for buying politicians to allow them to be bought!
0	It's not too hard to just get the speed sensor disconnected.
0	Now let me blow your mind by telling you that if you move the cassette around while it's playing you'll find a sweet spot with better sound. I rarely had any issues with those cassette adapters. Strange, seeing as how they were so janky.
1	At least you could recharge and listen music at the same time
0	to be fair, it would make it more water resistant in salt water.
0	yeah, the modern day smartphone is such a huge gimmick, practically useless
0	the common problem being apple products.
1	You need to buy a new car, sheesh.
0	I swear apple is running the largest social experiment to see how far they can go until the people just say enough is enough.
1	But it looks good and just werks, ur probably just poor!!!11
0	Ever been to North America there laddy? We can't visit 20 different countries by driving an hour down the road
1	Standing up to big pharma to tell them that vaccines cause autism...THAT IS COURAGE !
1	But 2 is just way too complicated! Simplify!
0	You have a 3.5mm dongle?
0	Funny, when over 50% of the people I game with run triples. Many of the people I work with run triples to help their work flow. Its funny how many of the serious workstation users require good multimonitor support.
0	That makes sense because apple chargers are always so much more expensive than any other charger, even at gas stations and such.
1	Back to a 3.5mm wouldn't be an improvement. They'll create a new standard: 4mm! 4 is better than 3.5, right?
0	I use isyncr. It allows you to sync your library with an android device over WiFi or USB. Although I do see the irony in me having iTunes just to sync music to my android phone. But I guess I'll stick with it until I find something better
0	"Not the resolution. Just some ""color gamut"" (they used the word gamut 15 times) improvements"
0	If I'm switching between 2 phones, chances are pretty damn high that there are 2 people in the car.
0	They make Bluetooth versions now...I thought that was pretty cool
1	Maybe their profit margins aren't big enough?
0	I'm saying, Apple will not provide a thicker (i.e. more functional) phone as they prefer a thinner aesthetic (more pleasing from a form perspective).
0	Because that port is good for power and analog audio. The lightning can do power, digital audio, analog audio, and send data. It's a way better port.
0	I guarantee you you can still very much find optical drives in tower PCs today.
0	Does this mean i'll be an internet cowboy?
1	yeah, fatty. get the fat fucking phone. get the fatblet.
0	This was one of the things where his vision and decision was correct.
1	he dropped his
0	I was asking what made them more powerful then vs. now.  I think they're just as powerful as before (if not more because of the patriot act), but we just have record of the three letter agencies doing bad stuff in the past and not as much evidence now
1	that's not added functionality and it's also not a better solution than wired connections for many many applications.  listening to music at work for instance...maybe even while leaving your phone on a charger. don't worry though, I don't think anyone does that
0	"Pretty sure that's what all ""Nexus"" devices are.  Google it."
1	Well I guess you're not holding them the right way.
0	use the charger that came with the phone?
0	Bluetooth...headphones.
1	Got it, so I'll buy 3 pairs of AirPods to go with my iPhone. You people just don't understand, all you have to do is stagger the usage of the Pods.
0	So...uh... what if I want to hold my phone while it's charging and while I'm listening to music or a video.
0	In all seriousness, this happened to my wife's car. Any clue on how to get it out?
0	Understanding that is it a parody and discussing the fictitious product like it's real:  Doesn't matter that it's conductive; it's that it doesn't make a circuit.  The modified headphone jack has left, right, mic, and ground.
0	Yes, early on the general rule for designers was that a webpage should not require more than 100k in total for all the resources used by it. Anything more than that and there would be very noticeable lag which would annoy viewers. As the Internet has evolved and access speeds have increased, now no one gives a flying fuck and as a result web pages consume huge amount of memory by comparison. Plus of course now the adverts all originate somewhere else so there is no way for a developer writing the code for a page to know if the ads displayed there will be some dynamic video or just a plain image.
1	That doesn't sound like something Apple would do at all.
0	I'm right there with you. If they want to make me upgrade every few years like a PC I'd rather have a PC and and the consistent stability that brings me.
0	No it isn't. Type-C is drastically different and much more complicated.
1	Just bring another battery!
0	I have one of the last models of MacBook with an easily replaceable battery. I will use it until it is fully dead and then probably switch off the platform.
0	Audiophiles don't own Apple devices anyway. And the quality of bluetooth earphones is all Apple owners deserve, frankly.
0	50 ways the US government is fucking you, #20 will shock you!
0	I love this comment and I'm at -14
0	Bluetooth is garbage and everyone knows it. Lightning is **not** the best replacement, but it works for them right now. I think the standard will not be lightning, but this might help push for new wireless technology that **could** become standard in 3-5 years.
0	"The regular 12"" Macbooks charge via USB-C."
0	Exactly. Bluetooth headphones just don't do the same thing. They're neat but their sound quality and ease of use limit their effectiveness for most people. I like that I can plug in fairly high quality headphones into any jack and get instant quality sound with no battery charging, no pairing, and now issues
0	So what's the problem? Your initial complaint was that your headphones don't reconnect to your phone when you cycle the bluetooth while on a plane. Then you said it was speakers. Now you're talking about 5 hour battery life? I'm not sure what you're getting at now. That your iphone or your bluetooth headphones won't last 5 hrs?
0	Get a y adapter
0	how are you going to charge your phone and listen to music with your headphones at the same time?  that's a pretty basic need, and yet, it can't be done with the iphone7.
1	Yeah but it doesn't have a phone in it.
0	Oh yeah im with you I just think they aren't going to be leading a huge trend- at least not just yet
1	How fucking dare they make money. Those assholes. We are all forced to buy this product even though we dont want to.
0	As a business owner, you should know that sometimes it's better to take a small hit, in order to gain more down the road.
1	You play the music from the phone's speakers.
0	For me, Mario on the iOS platform was the biggest news. iOS is the leading gaming platform by a number of metrics that matter, and Mario is without doubt the gold standard for computer games. Its clear now that Nintendo are going to depend less on their hardware business and leverage their intellectual property to make money on other platforms. I expect we'll see Mario on Android soon as well, bit for Apple to snatch this deal that signals a change on direction for Nintendo is big ass news.
0	I always go for removable battery - too useful
0	Cos other wireless earbuds run using magic.
1	OMG. It's everything I wanted! I always HATED having the option to use a headphone jack! It is just so inconvenient how they work with everything, are almost unnoticeable, and very reliable.
0	Yeah man. Fucking businesses and their money grabs. UGH.
0	Why not announce it today though? They can't possibly have not known that this backlash would happen.
0	Yes, it does.
1	Well, I've *basically* already sold my soul to them whats else to lose?
1	Just buy a new car, bro.
1	I wasn't aware Bluetooth was a proprietary Apple owned product now
0	??? What the fuck is that going to do? An on screen button?
1	Because you're supposed to buy their new wireless^TM Beats^TM By^TM Dre^TM headphones of course. What are you... some kind of pleb who can't afford $200 dollar headphones on top of your new $1000 iPhone^TM.
0	Well they never needed to be, the stewardess  still says to do it though.
0	As long as you don't mind Google knowing everything you do.
0	Ah, the good ol' strawman! Again - the adapter creates another thing you can lose or break. If they're including the adapter, clearly they aren't too confident it will take off. If they REALLY wanted to be ushering in the future, they'd be using USB-C. But hey, go ahead and blindly follow em.
0	I doubt you're the only one either, but there's 7+ billion people on the planet and majority of the ones that use headphones probably aren't using bluetooth. I think it's inconvenient having to charge a pair of headphones with the amount of music I listen to, especially when it's 2016 and battery technology as a whole is still terrible.
1	just buy AirPods
0	4k video or 4k resolution on games? big difference.
0	and laptops only need to be up during takeoff.
1	"I guess that was the same time that rounded corners and a button were features ""stolen"" from the iPhone by Samsung"
0	I don't get what you're trying to prove here?
0	It's fine that Apple gives all this external shit away for free, but you're SOL when it inevitably breaks because then you'll have to shell out money for it again.
1	I'm shocked! Apple has never, ever done anything like this before!
0	That's just accessories. Not the device.
0	Agree. I'd be in for one.
0	"And much like ""waypoints"" or the ""flight plan"" Tesla's autopilot can follow the road and stay in a lane on the interstate and not collide with other cars. I can see how someone would argue that Tesla's autopilot feature is more complex than one in a plane because of other drivers but I can't make that argument properly because I am not qualified to do that by a very very large margin."
1	Well car crashes are so rare that they really are newsworthy
1	TIL US funds universities globally.
1	Nah, Betamax was where it was at.
1	...but guys, everything is cool with Cuba now, we are normalizing relations because of how cool it is!!!
0	Exactly, a good teacher should be able to keep order enough to impart an education onto at least most of the kids to some extent.
0	Yes, but it's also the microwave so CS students have to take turns with the Home Ec majors.
1	Must have been super hard with the sirens and lights and all. I wonder how they could possibly tell the difference?
0	Yes stupid mistake, sorry.
0	Or: in technical terms
1	Whatever you say ITT Tech pr team
1	ITT: ITT Tech pr team
0	That's what I kept saying when I was going there. If the Navy hadn't been paying me to go there no way i would have kept going. I learned basically nothing that I didn't already know when I started. But now it looks like the jokes on me because loans can be forgiven I can't get my GI Bill back
0	They didn't qualify for the loans
1	Yeah with private loans too. I think they gave me 10k off lol. Place was great
0	I think if the university and research within the university is publicly funded, the patents should belong to the investors...US.
1	So Georgia State
0	He just ruined Die Hard!!!
0	Those are negotiated up-front in hiring the C-level executives. They will get their parachutes.
1	Dumb people are just screwed, though.
0	Honestly, out of the 2 years I was there, only 2 instructors were legit. I had one guy 3 times, and he was an alcoholic that couldn't understand subnetting but was teaching it. The rest just played blind eye since they were teaching else where and did this on the side.
0	Now who is going to advertise on G4??
0	Is it the same editors or new people? I used to read them all pretty frequently, but after years I realized they were all garbage bloggers. Is it better after Univision bought them?
0	I wonder how many poor people they've suckered into that hell over the years.
0	Almost all good ones.
0	I noticed that the anthropic principle was somewhat asserted in there, but not by name. Personally I reject any assertions based on that out of hand.
0	I'm not talking about the company though. But really, the company should realise that the surplus of skilled labour in the economy is so huge that the possibility that a person applying for a job with them will soon leave for one at their level of skill is vanishingly small.
0	We are decades away from getting close to that.
1	Of curse it's perfect, it's endorsed by former president Andrew Jackson, about ten stacks of him.
0	I miss when Apple had the serious rockstar software engineers developing OS X. There are still OGs around, like Federighi, but people as talented as JK Scheinberg, Bertrand Serlet, and Avie Tevanian are an endangered species.
0	Microcenter is even better than newegg if you are buying just computer components, in my experience.
0	Well... do you use bluetooth devices with default pins?
0	What was the intended purpose?  From what I've heard about J. Edgar Hoover, he LOVED spying on people.
0	The more comprehensive the insurance, the higher the cost.
1	What, an intelligence agency violating laws? I'm shocked, shocked I say.
0	my gut says... maybe
0	Yes, I like them too. But what he meant is that less officers are needed, regardless if you like them or not, and I for one don't like paying taxes for something that is not needed. It doesn't necessarily mean that your taxes will be less, but if it doesn't, then it means your taxes go to different things and thus make other services better. It's a win win situation for everyone but the cops who'll get fired.
0	Lol, not if you live by Google.  We have self driving cars everywhere in town
0	Unless you're a programmer.  We're ready.
1	I think what you mean is that we'll still need millions of people to grow hay, because, unlike the horses that came before them, cars can't go and graze on their own.
0	When it's reliable and affordable, I'm definitely switching to driverless. I'd even be OK just riding a car like Uber if it would reduce the cost of transportation without drastically increasing the price.
0	they already kind of are chaperones though.  at least on my buses growing up, sometimes the driver had to lay down the law when kids were getting too rowdy.
0	its also not the only unskilled labor that will be replaced by machines soon. this is a problem that will rapidly compound. there will be a huge influx of people into the unskilled labor market coupled with a rapid shrinking of available positions.
0	Perhaps, this will be the first killer app of 3d printing.
0	Street cars without rails.
1	But we would still be living in caves without capitalism!
0	It's less so that the FCC doesn't have a spine, it's just that lobbyists in Congress tend to stop the FCC from doing its job.
0	I wonder how many accounts have simply been left to rot because the owner could never convince the Twatter algorithm to start indexing his tweets, and whether these too could be re-animated.
1	Was Chappie not representative of South African society?
0	I think it's most awesome with vending machines, but then again I use it on my watch so it's just a matter of raising my wrist.
1	CLEARLY it's because the moon landing was faked and done on a soundstage.
0	There are actually test numbers (which have a 0 balance, obviously) that will still authenicate. CVV code and everything. Want me to call you to cancel? Nope, but I can always pay my bill before, and if I do want to cancel, good luck.
0	If you can't look outside and see hurricane weather you might want to get your eyes checked before anything else
0	I have an Iphone and had to block my own number because the jerks kept spoofing my phone number when they called.  Usually it was to sell me an extended warranty on a car I don't even own anymore.
0	I am glad to find this post to vent my anger. I am on the DO NOT CALL LIST and still keep getting calls. I tell them I am on the list and they tell me that they are exempt from the list. With so many people being exempt from the list them what good is the list? EVERY Sunday morning around 7 AM I get a call from some place wanting money for cancer research. And time I tell them not to call me any more but the next Sunday they call again. I have even been call by people wanting money for one thing or another at 3 AM before. The DO NOT CALL LIST is a joke.
0	"These dickheads will call you up (shit you not, has happened twice in the past month) and ask for a random person. When you say that that person isn't there, they'll follow up with ""Oh, well maybe you can help me. I'm with We Take Credit or Debit for The Poor or Something, and we were wondering blah blah"". It's ridiculous."
1	Only way to fight auto dialers is with automatics!!!
1	Just because landlines have notoriously bad reception, right?
0	"The first time, I didn't realize it was a robot, so I went ""uhhh yeah?"" And it responded full robot voice with ""GREAT!"" No call center person would respond with that much enthusiasm. So fucking stupid. Who falls for that?"
0	Until the penalty is larger than the profits, they are tilting at windmills.
0	Guess I'm going with the S7 then
1	At least they sealed the Samsung battery inside it.  That prevents us from placing dangerous aftermarket batteries in there.
1	At least they sealed the Samsung battery inside it.  That prevents us from placing dangerous aftermarket batteries in there.
1	Hey they're just exploding, nowhere near as bad as a slight bend come on!
0	with modern voip, this isn't really possible.
1	Preposterous! Macs can't get viruses!
0	With all of the cops hiding speed taxing people, that they would already distrust that stuff and the police.
1	But MS wouldn't do this, MS of the 90's didn't happen
1	But that's communism that will destroy the economy and make us slaves to the government!
0	In the US, it will be handled through your carrier.  Contact them and ask.  T-Mobile is being extraordinarily accommodating.  They extended the return deadline on my trade in device in case I wanted to revert to using that while the recall are in effect.
1	Well if you're in warranty they'll replace it.  I know right, way worse than an exploding phone!
0	it must have been this one.
0	Boom, down goes Samsung!  Slower than a year old 6s and exploding now.
1	You obviously know what you're talking about.  I concede to your apparent genius.
0	I just got mine last night. Haven't activated it yet, though, so I'm holding to my s6 and returning the note. Got lucky.
1	And nobody saw this coming did they?
0	you guys should throw a party.
1	"In the ""not blowing up and killing you, your family, and your dog"" category"
0	So what if you can't be bothered and just don't let your phone be sent back?
1	Hey. Just because they can get a secret warrant from a secret court that you're not allowed to see, read, or dispute, doesn't mean it's unconstitutional.
0	If a product recalls and no one is around who bought it, does it make a difference?
1	But the NSA only protects is from nasty terrorists.
0	The cloud in this silver lining is that it makes buying presents for your kids a lot harder now... They have no idea what toys are on the market so they dobt know what to ask for
0	Good thing kids love youtube.
1	This is all well and good, until you ask your 5 year old what they want for Christmas and they have no idea!   Or they name random crap that they've seen on youtube kids - of those crazy ass videos they watch of people opening and playing with toys i've never heard of!
1	Did you really think a chav would solve all of this?
0	Updates are optional though?
0	Mine walks in to Toys R Us and has no idea what she wants.  It's awesome.
0	Okay I'm down
1	In other news, netflix increase kids screen time 1500 hours a year.
0	Had Sprint. Live in SoCo right at 270 and 21, shit service. Switch to Google Fi, *muuuuchh* better around here. (And cheaper)
1	very short sighted....if his wife asks the AI to do something and it doesn't listen then she is just going to ask HIM to do it.  Amateur move.  Everybody knows you make sure the AI Butler does everything your wife wants so that she doesn't bug you!
0	Costs a lot more money to build a cell tower in Missouri than it does in Delhi.
1	But everybody in America has money, and they buy shit 24/7.
1	Then what is the point of a millions of rupees if you don't show it off to those who don't have it?
0	What? Lol that scene was more cut-up than an emo teenager having a bad day.
0	AT&amp;amp;T and Verizon employ 100s of 1000s and pay out pension for a similar number of retirees. Reddit hive mind wants Indian prices while paying unionized American wages. Good luck with that.
0	It's an 80s action film, it won't scare you.
0	Oh dude, I was 100% expecting the IT Crowd video, so I believe you!
0	someone made a craft that works on the equivalent of putting a spinning propeller in a closed box and somehow it works.
1	So we're officially a 2nd-tier civilization on the Kardeshev scale?
0	SO THE ALIENS ARE ON EARTH?!
1	Oh boy, what a surprising turn of events.
1	Are you not entertained?
0	If they can't do it on their own then what reason do they have to expand? I think even Google has acknowledged the amount of trouble this project has been has not been worth it.
1	Sue the manufacturer. Seriously. Make their life hell to get them to understand security is paramount.
1	Oh hey, that's more than their standard of waiting 7 days before disclosing a bug/vulnerability. How nice of them.
0	So they're trying to argue everyone who prefers Mac is a computer illiterate chimpanzee? Plenty of programmers use Mac because it is a clean, stable platform, not because they're too stupid to know how the magic button boxes work.
1	Yeah, do people know how much an Apple Watch costs? The new prices are completely justified!
1	Oh, well if Drumpf said it then it's *obviously* legit.
0	Louisvillian here. Anyone wanna have a Old Spaghetti Factory Reddit meetup?
0	Is it a design standard of Apple software that it pass such configuration as command arguments? I sort of assumed it would largely come down to text files (like in the Linux distros I've used) or something similar to the Windows registry (which I still have mixed feelings about).
0	and boy do i wish Ableton had proper touch support!
0	None of the most recent lineup does. A huge mistake in my opinion.
0	If it's a VM it is likely to have performance issues, and likely to also have issues connecting it to the main OS.
0	Wired is always going to be faster than wireless.
0	I've never seen a programmer use a Mac but I'm learning new things all over this thread
1	I know right. Photographers never used Apple laptops before they added an SD slot.
0	Its for idiots that pay too much for the same hardware you can get elsewhere for cheaper.
0	Hipsters who want barely functional technology and a lot of dongles
0	MBP isn't targeted towards those people. You don't need an i7 and 16 gigs of RAM for netflix and facebook.
1	How could I forget you?
1	Yeah but like...*besides* that
1	Just use an adapter!
0	This. I don't think people really understand this.
0	The problem are the drivers and it gets better than it was
1	It's a compelling argument, for sure.
0	PCs have some issues with things like color gamut switching. That said, they also have rather less bonkers thermal design.
1	It's not an insult, is just so next level and out of the box that we don't understand it yet!
0	I also help protect Earth every time I take a shower. Sure I didn't do anything the last few times, but next time I might come up with a solution to global warming.
0	Because Apple sucks
1	"Macbook ""Pro"""
0	That's just a few megabyte, so that isn't a problem. A bigger problem is raw bitmap data from images.
1	How will they sell you a $50 dongle if they gave you USB ports? Seriously, think of the bottom line!
1	What's the unit 'k'? Never seen that unit before.
0	Well USB is on its way out - C is so much better that I'd rather get rid of all cables that are non-C since there's so many, and just use the one standard.
0	If you are a field professional like a director, etc where you might need to be mobile and have changes generated on the fly, or to see video filters mapped in realtime, it helps to have a massive quad+ core CPU and a ton of RAM.
0	You'd have to ask the individuals that buy laptops for their work. I know a lot of YouTube Vloggers typically use MBP's and that 32GB of ram comes in handy for creating videos.
1	They wanted a hoverboard for $50, is that too much to ask for? God, all these tech companies charging an arm and a leg for two wheels and a battery. What a fucking joke.
1	Don't worry, I'm sure they'll make the ram easily accessible for the consumer to upgrade on their own
1	You mean make it so the iPhone has the same plug as the new Android phones? HERESY. We are innovators not followers.
1	Well, that ain't a courageous way of thinkin'!
1	Well,  at least no one is going to be doing anything graphically intensive on a MacBook Pro,  like the entire design industry.
1	That's racist.
1	Sorry, i was agreeing with you. If every house had a solar roof and a few wind turbines and access to a waterfall we'd be set!
1	Good thing we have the government to protect our internet traffic from snooping.
1	Being female.
1	The FBI is sexist!
1	Im not surprised this privacy ruling was pushed through. Politicians dont want people to have access to their browsing history anymore than we do. Politicians want to be able to keep up on their sex trafficking and child porn habits without a scandal.
1	because force fixes everything
1	Great straw man.  The fact that AT&amp;T has been the engine of much of America's launch into the computer, solid state electronics and information age, is no reason to not treat them like a shallow, predatory-price-gouging, entertainment media cable company.  Because what really determines the worth and value of a company is the fact that it's a Big Corporation, and Bernie says that's a better grounds on which to judge them bad.
1	It's innovation
1	Well surely if Lenovo tried it and failed... it's impossible for anyone else to make it work. Turn the lights out, boys,.. we're done here.
1	I wonder if AT&amp;T and the NSA will follow those rules.
1	Yes, the price is the biggest problem about this.
1	You could just move to a different city.
1	You think someday well be able to generate our own Internet with Internet panels?
1	As long as the ones with a voice (I.E. those with enough money to fight it) are appeased who cares about the little guy?
1	Yes, I doubt they have anything in the works otherwise they would have released it asap so they can keep their stock price up, it's the apple way
1	Also competing streaming services will count towards your cap twice. It is to help relieve bottlenecks during premier nights. It's innovative, new, and serves the customer!
1	Or buy an iMac with a super sweet i5!!!
1	But will it have the best digitizer input?
1	You don't understand it's a design thing
1	Apple is clearly doomed. I love this narrative.
1	PANIC!!!
1	Yes, a tablet with OS X and no touch functionality.  It could be entirely controlled with eye movements.  Maybe even controlled by thoughts.
1	I know I always give my Users tools they'll be uncomfortable with when I want the maximum productivity out of them.
1	This is the new normal. Unless the FCC goes all-in on net neutrality and stops it all, this is what we will be stuck with. But don't worry, AT&amp;T will soon own Time Warner and all their networks. Win for Consumers!
1	"""This election is rigged, I tell ya."""
1	I thought that the trend towards lighter, thinner screens were supposed to fix that.
1	...but but but I NEED my refrigerator to be on wifi and have access to my gmail!
1	Shenanigans, the world *needed to know* about Podesta's risotto recipe!!!
1	Holy shit no way
1	Then you'll love Yahoo!
1	How much is the monthly fee though?
1	I'm sure this will only lead to increased functionality across multiple platforms to bring an improved user experience to their current content delivery format
1	He's mean tho
1	This can only end well.
1	Yeah, because those generous campaign and SuperPAC contributions to Clinton weren't made with some expectation of their interests being pursued.
1	yeah shes got a history of being totally trustworthy.
1	Na the government doesn't allow monopolies.
1	B...but the invisible hand!!
1	Or the people that bought the original Android phone ;) it's just Apple being a bloody copycat all over again!
1	Have you tried not-an-iphone?
1	Yeah video file transfers are suuper common for people who buy only the 32gb version
1	Everyone is waiting for the WikiLeaks release.
1	Woohoo!  More ISP monopolies!
1	oh really?
1	No shit.
1	That means they'll keep it up to date with the latest tech, right?
1	Yeah but it's overkill! Pair a 1080 with an i5 and you're set for life!
1	Man but XP is so old now. You'd think they'd at least use Vista or 7.
1	***GODDAMN MICRO TRANSACTIONS!***
1	5 million driving jobs destroyed... 1000 car cleaning jobs created. That's pretty much an even swap
1	Is there somewhere I can upload a picture of my face to make sure I am not in said database?
1	Use the cloud, man.
1	I know, right? I'm tired of seeing those darn CD drive, floppy drive, and parallel port adapters
1	"""We want our $4 per charger, cable, and headphone dongle.  Why else would we use a different connector than the rest of the world?"" - Apple"
1	Yeah, Hillary could NEVER be bought.
1	Scandalous!
1	But it was $50 a month for the base package they advertised as $30 a month. To get the one you want starts at $50 before the $30 MEGABOOSTINCREASE fee is applied.
1	So I would be supporting fair business practices, great.
1	Why don't they just make everybody throw their Note 7's in a box and have the flight attendant stand over it with a fire extinguisher for the duration of the flight?
1	"""deleted""?"
1	Hey! The economy will fix itself!
1	But I thought globalization was a good thing!
1	You don't want to be a dirty peasant who buys a medium priced phone, do you? How will you get laid with that? Instead, you should treat yourself with our premium 800$ phone, because you deserve it!
1	that's a really neat trick. those 8 people who have the Priv are so lucky.
1	But muh AirPods
1	Consumers demand Apple Pay - so the big banks file a 137-page complaint to the ACCC. Seems like a great move to support customers.
1	Because the police would never look for evidence there.
1	And a county sheriff
1	There's a lot of people that enjoy complaining. Haven't you for a second considered what they want? ...Dick
1	Who would've guessed?
1	Cause you still can't shoot people for no reason
1	'we won't stop'.... as the laws in UK apply to citizens only and because we are above the law
1	Everybody knows only Tesla makes auto driving cars
1	Why bother with that when you can just drop it on some concrete?
1	Nah, we have a programming language specifically for this. It's called Prolog. You just have to keep writing facts and rules, which is something we can outsource to humans.
1	Is there a right windows?
1	Everyone believes conspiracy theories aren't just theories. Didn't you know? Everyone has an agenda so no one can be trusted, unless you agree with it in which case it is totally true.
1	Why, Infowars and Breitbart, of course! The only remaining bastions of true, unbiased media!
1	*But Wikileaks is Russian!*
1	Yeah, because only people who want to vote for Trump can see how compromised this website has become.
1	No thanks Google. If I want facts, I'll just go to Clinton's website.
1	Why bother? It's another way we're being manipulated to a Hillary win!
1	who is this Chinese hacker 4chan?
1	Oh come on, the dialogue in Fallout 4 is on a whole other level than the crap in New Vegas.
1	So what I'm getting from you is that it is unused? Right?
1	Yeah, I see evidence of that ALL the time
1	It's simple, just go to another provider
1	wow such a huge fine for them
1	I'm shocked!
1	Then they should've tested that many!
1	As well as forced upgrades to X1. Im sure my bill wont go up in the slightest.
1	What,  do you think that the Internet grows on trees?  Where you can just connect your device and get Internet out of thin air???  I don't think so!!!!
1	i didnt know these phones were assembled with glue
1	So let's bring those regulations back! Hillary 2016!
1	If your encrypting your hiding something and why would you hide something unless it's illegal! Why? Sorry can't tell you that, that is classified citizen.
1	I think the EFF must be wrong on this one.  Everyone on Reddit knows that Big Pharma can do no wrong.  Amirite?  Amirite?
1	that's gon' work so well for them.
1	This top contributor to an open source program all of us use doesn't remember anything about binary trees! must be a sham. more questions about binary trees!
1	They clearly don't know how to, which is why they added one on the S5
1	Said the Stanford alum.
1	"""Zed"" is for non American savages!"
1	whether the person was male or female.  can't be outraged if it was a male
1	Oh please nobody is going to use a man in the middle attack on a public wifi.
1	Of course, why else would you want E-Voting?
1	This can't be true, the NSA doesn't spy on US citizens on US soil!
1	Yeah, its been working out so well.
1	Sheesh, can't this poor defenseless corporation catch a break?!
1	Oh really? That's cool.
1	Your consitution denies groundless searches of ones home. Of the writers of your constitution were worth their salt they would have included internet variations of the same thing
1	They probably do, 'cause they already do it.
1	I'm sure this is 100% legit
1	Because I am a shill who has been paid to defend said corporation.
1	glad to see samsung at the top of their game
1	Nah, there's still a 3.5mm headphone jack.
1	"Samsung has been infiltrated by North Korean agents looking to turn the U.S. into ""sea of fire"" confirmed; Nuclear developments now considered ""slight of hand"" cover ops by security analysts - news at 11"
1	It's okay though, because his code is *self-documenting*.
1	Because copper or slower and less secure then wireless, this is a great idea!
1	I mean, *relax.*  They aren't going to hack your pacemaker or insulin pump to *kill* you, just to perform DDoS attacks.
1	Perhaps Google's Pixel will save us from Apple
1	Well, this shouldn't be a problem given that that FIOS is now deployed everywhere, courtesy of all that money we gave them in the Telecommunications Act of 1996 and other subsidies.
1	"Oh, gee putting ""only stupid people downvote me"" on reddit is totally not going to make them downvote you at all."
1	I'm sure google and bing would never do such a thing at the government's behest either.
1	I hope to see some outrage over this
1	Shhhhh...  This is Reddit, no one here cares about things that are logical and make sense.
1	ah man, this means that i can't attempt to become a paid reviewer who gets free stuff and money for my totally legitimate reviews.
1	Isn't the Internet of Things wonderful?
1	watch it, commie
1	That's too much work.
1	Wow rolling code, what a new and exciting technology!
1	you forgot to
1	No worries, someone can always make a third party battery for us, to solve the problem.
1	Well I guess since there hasn't been an issue in your one isolated case, there's nothing for anyone to worry about.
1	Typical Apple to copy
1	I am in the presence of brilliance.
1	The good ol' days.
1	Racist!
1	Yay, anti-competitive practises are always a better option then trying to out do your competition. I mean who wants choices when you can just lock down every ecosystem and force loyally instead of working to earn it, right?
1	Don't worry,  Microsoft is going to handle it fine by itself
1	But it works for me
1	Russia?
1	OMER GOD, da Trump is gonna destroy da Internets.   We gotta off shore all dis shit.
1	That's a very mature, level-headed response. That has no place in today's America!
1	Yes it is.  The politically-correct say so, so that makes it so.
1	Hey, acceptable ads is all about being fair and giving good sites some revenue. Don't you have doubts on the overlords at ABP to decide what is fair and what not
1	surely this bill will help fix the debt and lack of employment
1	I COMPLETELY DISAGREE AND YOU ARE STUPID FOR THINKING ANY DIFFERENT FROM ME
1	Wait what.. the FBI will be allowed to hack computers in european countries? And your law enforcement will, too?
1	I'm American so the rest of the world doesn't matter
1	They don't need children when they have money.
1	And after a few bugs they might also hit barriers, lamp posts, hydrants, people, and/or trees.
1	Obama's patriot act!!!!!!!!
1	Nope.  I could see how you might think that because of all of the businesses that need a VPN to function, but it's actually terrorists.  Terrorists and drug dealers.
1	What? Apple? Scam? I never thought that was possible!
1	Why does food delivery make you feel awkward? Just pretend you're in a restaurant.
1	Good thing macs don't get viruses
1	If it's an attractive person then yes. Otherwise no cuz tipping is bullshit
1	But all the sweet reddit karma!
1	They run the EU, no?
1	Or just stop being a fucking pussy and listen to all 10 movies at the same time.
1	Plus with global warming only 100 more years and we will all be busy desperately trying to farm crops all day
1	Well, duh, you will get the phone dirty.
1	But we have to censor Facebook! People are too stupid to know any better!
1	Yeah but I just read an article a couple weeks ago that Tesla made more in 1 quarter than the oil industry did. So do they need subsidies?
1	So.. People are struggling to make ends meet and have to resort to staying home for entertainment instead of going to the museums, zoo's, cinemas, etc. Obviously the logical thing to do is tax them for staying in.
1	I don't see how this can backfire in any possible way.
1	What could possibly go wrong?  Because of course everyone I'm sure will follow procedure at all times and to the letter, like that person who's just been through a bad divorce and wouldn't at all be tempted to add a little dirt to their ex's file and pass it on
1	Well this is why we let you cede
1	That's a good one. Ar-15 against the National Guard and shit. Wonder who'd win.
1	If people we allowed to vote for the President of the united states, it would hinder the process.
1	Yeah, but Hillary was just as bad.
1	But read the fine print. Climate science will be pushed into the NOAA, which is part of the Department of Commerce. No conflict of interest there at all.
1	Yay ! Its starting !
1	But he's from big business and not big government so he shouldn't have any impure motives.
1	Oh good, if there is anything that is holding American society back, it is most definitely SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH
1	Yes, if only scientists could be as virtuous and far-sighted as bankers.
1	Because the anonymous telemetry data about viruses and windows vulnerabilities that you can almost completely turn off if you want is a violation of your privacy!
1	Right, because the reason its hard to enter the ISP market is because there is too much federal regulation, not because building infrastructure across a large geographic area is expensive, time consuming, and runs into more state and local legal barriers than federal.
1	Good, I'll build a spark gap radio and render the entire RF spectrum into unusable shit for everyone around me.    Sorry folks if your phones won't work anymore, freedom is more important.
1	How are they going to make the broadcasts stop at the state line?
1	But what happens if it's cloudy for 4 days?
1	Those videos are so fake! Landing standing up? They just played the launch video in reverse! Elon is the biggest fraud since the moon landing and socialism!
1	Surely, they'll get a medal for this massive bust.
1	Children deserve Trump? You monster.
1	You smug liberal this is why Trump won!
1	Just buy more money!!!
1	Personally? I'm shocked. I did NOT see that coming.
1	When will people learn that he just meant lobbyists on the left? Trump himself lobbied constantly and donated tons of money even to Hillary and Bill back in the day. He has no problems with lobbying as long it benefits him somehow. He doesn't want them damn liberal hippies getting money to further their agenda because it's sinful and as we all know, he's a really strong Christian.
1	The internet is for those liberal elite assholes. Make them pay double!
1	This seems credible.
1	If the ISPs had been forced to block the sites, he wouldn't have had to rely on his own self-control.  Obviously, the child pornography was the fault of the government not stopping him, not his own fault.
1	It sure did in America!
1	Yup, this will totally work because software can tell the difference between glistering *breasts*, *breasts* cancer and chicken *breasts* sandwich when you blocked any sites that have the word *breasts*.
1	I'll just use incognito and watch my porn. They'll never be able to catch me
1	You weren't there! You don't know!
1	I'm certain we'll absolutely see regulations come to prevent this. I'll just hold my breath over here.
1	I never believed we needed all those civil liberties anyway.
1	Whistleblowers are essentially snitches.  Snitches get stitches.
1	"Funny. I feel like we heard this somewhere else also....oh I know. It was Mrs. Clinton that told us she's ""super transparent!"". Seems like we could've totally believed her!"
1	well, i dont know, the sun has ben burning hydrogen for billons of years, looks like it will run out of fuel at any time, when that happen who you gona call? yhea, thats right, the power company!
1	Them and Blackberry I bet.
1	Good thing mods can't remove content they don't agree with.
1	People said... Smart people... People smart than me... Lots of bad things happening... to white people... to good people... Just look at twitter...
1	Terrorists are crazy religious radicals in the middle, not anything else!
1	yeah but are they visible?
1	Okay, so there needs to be apple and new apple. So when the new stuff isn't as good you can go back to the old recipe. It worked for coke.
1	Are you saying Obama's Death Panels aren't real?  Next you're going to tell me that Obama isn't a secret Muslim out to destroy America!
1	So 1 of 4 prefer to see ads?
1	Yea, I hate those people who negatively stereotypes a large group of people. Everyone on The Donald is like that.
1	yeah... and the hypeloop is real and is going to work.
1	Just in case someone wasnt around in the early days of the interwebs, the italics is shorthand for
1	Massive Faraday cage around the whole country.
1	"""Oh but Apple is so actively fighting for our Privacy."""
1	Rockets don't sink
1	I sure this will help increase their user base.
1	TIL space debris will destroy hundreds of thousands of miles of undersea fiber optic cable.
1	Apparently everyone here has experience working in electronics manufacturing. You're right guys, Foxconn is our supreme overlord.
1	Gotta pay for the wall some how
1	Well, ISIS was funding the candidate that twitter preferred.
1	Clinton and Trump will be the same!!
1	oh sick burn
1	Thank you Twitter for proving them right.
1	Sure, a coal plant would be soooo pretty compared to these wind turbines!
1	Yes because it's clearly fascists and hateful bigots who want higher taxes on the 1%. Y clearly follows X here
1	Oh that's all? Well, that's not racist at all!
1	This is ruining America
1	Wait why are we not supposed to be happy? Twitter is censoring the enemy!
1	No, he's talking about where your USB ports are soldered to the bios. Clearly you need to brush up
1	is it a *color* picture book!
1	...$3000 for a MacBook and $300 for a (only)book. Seems legit!
1	Those were actual posters of course
1	Leave race out of this!
1	But Brexit is supposed to crash investment in Britain.
1	Google has such a good track record with their automatic systems.
1	Easy just add a `isFakeSotry(url)` check
1	Oh noooooo, not the iPhones!!!!!
1	They should be taking orders from us!!!!!!
1	Ah, time to protest Trump some more.
1	Where are the riots at Facebook HQ?
1	Well good thing Trump is going to make Apple manufacture their phones in the US! We'll see who's laughing then!
1	Great!  Now you can browse the web at full speed on these mega powerhouse machines!
1	DONT YOU SEE?!? That attitude is exactly why you lost the election!
1	Oh noooo, that sucks!
1	You're such a coastal elite who doesn't understand the concerns of working class Americans with an average income of $72,000!
1	China next demands back pay royalties on all the wars fought with gunpowder or the tea drunk or opium and heroine consumed
1	So is that a yes or no?
1	Well all trump has to do is cut minimum wage and let us go back to the good old industrial revolution days
1	Reported.
1	Yeah, because the only media that led the general population to believe Clinton would win in a landslide was Facebook.
1	True. They are not qualified and nobody can see it
1	Nice! Condescension always changes people's opinions!
1	Yes, California, and the Bay Area in particular, has such a lack of universities.  It's astonishing.
1	Because fuck the working class peasants, that's why.
1	I said CITATION NEEDED
1	Is it an App that ask if you had your flu shot
1	Well they didn't break any laws so they did nothing wrong!
1	That makes him smart
1	But we just voted for president Trump who's gonna change all that!
1	Sure. Just like gay marriage devalues straight marriage.
1	Lol, I have Cox and they've been doing this for the past year. I pay $60 for 50mbps Internet that was capped at 350GB... they recently upped it to 1TB. Lucky me.
1	Well Comcast told me that it's fair because they aren't whitelisting any other services and almost nobody gets close to that cap and Comcast is honorable so Cox is just doing the honorable thing.
1	Yes, because fuck Net Neutrality, right?
1	and sell the energy to Mexico!  That must be what he meant all along by having Mexico pay for it
1	You won't believe what this AI told a journalist to write!  Click Here to find out why it will devastate your grandmother!
1	Well that's reassuring.
1	Well that's because the government let him! Why wouldn't he take advantage because he has a very good brain.
1	Remember, kids, only America makes and manufactures cars!
1	We need to focus on the important things first. First, we get weed legalized. Then we can focus on the less important things like net-neutrality.
1	And yet, the timing and context strikes me as suspicious. Cant put my finger on why
1	what? you can't grab female customer's by the pussy w/o asking? What fun is that? This CEO is clearly against white males.
1	Say it with me.  Radical CEO terrorist.
1	But everyone knows only the Free MarketTM can do anything - a government of the people is totally corrupt, but a company of whoever happens to run it are *absolutely trustworthy.*
1	They solder the CPU for a faster connection.
1	Wrong. It's the people that made fun of the people that voted for trump! They inspired them
1	Good job, America.
1	Teachers don't win wars!
1	Atleast he won't let those Muslims in!
1	Yes, which is why wikileaks is reporting Obama is going to try &amp; rush it through a lame duck session....
1	But he's an outsider and he won't take anyone's money
1	Liberals calling us morons is why we fucked over the entire country. It's your fault!
1	The old Ad Hominem attack. Such a pillar of rational debate.
1	You. Still. Don't. Get. It.
1	Because of obummers lame policies!!
1	Yeah, the Democrats are the ones that want to destroy the internet.
1	yeah there's no way he could do any of the stuff he says.  Like he only has a republican house, senate, supreme court(with two 85 year old democrats on it), majority of governors mansions, and state houses.  The people that think he'll be able to get stuff through this gridlock are insane
1	Well then, we need to tax Tesla to subsidize the oil industry. Problem solved.
1	Because reddit has been so pro-NSA before today, right?
1	"I am sure the dude who ran with the slogan ""Make America Great Again"" wants to go forward and not back"
1	"""YOURE A RACIST AND A BIGGOT!""  YELLLIIINNNG!"
1	They demonize your education because college educated people are more likely to be liberal and obviously liberals are bad. College is a liberal conspiracy.
1	All that CO2 isn't going to matter if we don't get methane (from agriculture - cows) under control. If we removed all Hamburgers from America and steaks think how much we could remove! I'm going to run my campaign on replacing your burger and French fries with just a Diet Coke and Freedom fries
1	We're off to a great start
1	So a family member had an opposing opinion on a topic with tons of hard evidence supporting your viewpoint.  Instead of replying to this family member and giving the minimal effort to spread the facts, you blocked them and made sure that neither of you would ever see a conflicting opinion.  Great work!
1	And all those scientists who totally benefit.  And the Chinese!  Don't forget them
1	Oooh, 4chan. Scary
1	Wait, are you saying a Govt. agency might *lie* and use national security protections to cover up their potential overreach?
1	I'm sure the victims of child abuse would be happy to hear that the FBI intentionally kept the sensitive photos available to the public instead of shutting it down to protect their privacy
1	You could have been dealing drugs though!
1	But it costs more, so it MUST be better.
1	So the last three elections? That means so much..
1	This brings android auto to mind. No google, please mirror my phone screen to my car touch screen, eating up all my phones resources, I love not being able to open anything while I'm in my car.
1	People are fine with robots taking their jobs but not Mexicans
1	I wish your parents were sterilized before they had you.  I don't think you should have been born, so I don't have a problem with it.
1	What a complete and utter surprise that was totally not predictable based on a previous pattern of behavior.
1	no that is just your mother wanting to pretend she dislikes dishwashers when in reality she just can't afford one
1	hype? From musk?? No wayyyy
1	"""But but but... The intrinsic value!"""
1	Gizmodo, one of Gawker's media assets. Sure to be an objective source on this story.
1	But there are people who work at grocery stores part time with 2 kids and can't afford to live in the bay area. It's not their fault
1	I have no problem believing that there's plenty of human created music which is worse than the computer generated kind.
1	Stop the poor reproducing?  Sounds lovely.
1	Why? Do you want to move to Finland? They say the language is one of the hardest to learn, and you UBI types are too lazy for that.
1	But that'd be socialism, and that's a no-no.
1	Yeah. Communist uprisings end so great.
1	Greedy son of a bitch just wants the human race to survive so he can sell them cars.
1	Hmmmm I wonder why he would say that? He wouldn't benefit at all from that happening...
1	I can't wait to use my Tesla Autopilot on those nice Indian roads!
1	Well that's why you should have majored in le engineering
1	Good thing gas tanks never explode!
1	"no that's a a ""length dongle"""
1	It's wonderful that we don't have to deal with obsolete tech anymore.
1	The clitoris doesn't exist. It's a lie told to make men feel inadequate.
1	Yeah that movie sucked.
1	I see you've not used an iPad PRO.
1	You've clearly never driven anywhere w/ the help of a monthly VZ Navigator subscription.
1	Yeah if only we could have one government-owned company supplying all of the operating systems in your idealized planned economy, everything would be much better.
1	No no no. It's a terrible phone. You're just too dumb to realize.
1	This is amazing: A site that still requires Flash for some content
1	I think he's taking about all the moving parts in there
1	Oh you mean because our whole fucking state is a Hurricane target, it is one big sandbar, and also hot is hell. SO it will get much better with global warming right.
1	I just love 10! I really love the feature that just randomly shuts off my WiFi, even if I'm in the middle of a Skype call...
1	Let met get this straight.  We need the government to step in and make sure the government doesn't collude with private companies to spy on us?
1	So now that heavy users are being hit this should lower the rates for everyone else right?
1	Muh!! Apple is the devil
1	Didn't occur to me once to even try this option.
1	That makes sense to me since I do use separate bathrooms at work and at home.
1	Exactly if he were smart he'd have a business plan already developed and be using his current employment to find a decent investor pool. It's all about how smart you are not about how you're conditioned to view the world.
1	You're forgetting the accountants they employ.
1	Maybe he's talking about the acceleration of energy?
1	Becuase our governments know best of course
1	Changing settings? Wtf?!
1	Shut your mouth. Globalism is where it's at.
1	Remember,  CNN said it's ILLEGAL to read Wikileaks! Only CNN can read them and then decide what to report to you on your $120 a month cable television
1	Yeah, it's well known that the CIA is full of liberal Obama lackeys.
1	Thank goodness vast swathes of the country still think Snowden is a 'traitor'.
1	But muh anti-American circlejerk!
1	Wow, this article and post wasn't created with an agenda in mind!
1	And obviously the author didn't do it *intentionally*
1	Well, *somebody's* gotta think of the shareholders!
1	Thats a well thought out and very presidential way of looking at the situation
1	Which is great for leading a democracy which relies on compromising between two sides.
1	Clearly those computers were dressed too provocatively and should have avoided that part of the internet.
1	Because this would be the first time that the security of a piece of technology was cracked and sensitive data was stolen from hundreds of millions of people.
1	Missiles, you point them, press a button and they go boom, what else there is to know.
1	Don't blame people for killing people, blame guns for killing people!
1	What if this is another instance of 4^15D chess and Trump is trying to warn us?
1	Thanks for curating the entire comment section for me!
1	Because corporations show such responsibility with your private information and never try to monetize every single aspect.
1	There's no potential for abuse here whatsoever.
1	Don't be proud of your ignorance.
1	And humans never make any mistakes implementing those tools.
1	Why don't they just fine the internet instead?
1	After the great wall is completed. No point in giving coal miners their jobs back only to be stolen from their hands by Mexicans.
1	The Trump Effect.TM
1	Maybe they should!
1	"It's called ""menu simplification"", and 'saves resources'."
1	But Trump said he'd make America great again and I believe every word he says
1	Because that's what rainforest they destroyed to make all those books?
1	Doesn't everyone know to do that thing be said? I know I certainly do its very intuitive.
1	If the US didn't spend all these money on Nukes and Military we would have all the roads covered with solar roads
1	Clearly because I'm greedy capitalist scum who wants to force people to do something they wouldn't ordinarily do on their own.
1	misandry!!
1	It's not like people have phone numbers
1	Man I cant wait until spontaneous head explodsion tech gets developed and widespread. Then the sitting president can use that even more often than drone strikes. No need to think about consequences, just use the tech because you can
1	But... Nobel Peace Prize.
1	Yeah all those people who had something real happen to them
1	if Obama don't, maybe Trump will ?
1	It's simple. We nuke the moon.
1	As a man, I'm very offended by this. What gives them the right? This is very sexist.
1	But how can your say that? They're magical and courageous and shiny and the best Mac ever that changes things again again again again again again again!
1	Yeah but that's the theme of this thread.... Get with it or get lost fanboy!!
1	I'm sorry, but did you make mistake in your simile?.... Harri Seldon is the Steve Jobs of Psychohistory.
1	Sure, lets just track all muslims after all of the illegal immigrants are gone, we have the implementation after all. Might as well be safe for our country.
1	You're not supposed to fix/repair them. Buy a new!
1	Yeah, screw those pesky *laws* and *regulations* and shit! Who needs those, right?
1	Amen. LOL, How'd you know I work in IT?
1	Yeah, fuck the environment.
1	I thought it was dying.
1	But I thought climate change was a hoax?
1	Yeah,  fuck demonstrating morals at the expense of profit. How thoroughly un-American. What a piece of shit.
1	What if we ask nicely?
1	"TIL ""Nasty"" is a sexist adjective."
1	That's not what the fanboys say and the fanboys are always right.
1	Maybe small businesses should have had shareholders to lobby for
1	Shh. Corporate Lobbyists know whats best for you... Obama was king regulator who was pissing on consumers. Let the lobbyists do their thing because the Government sucks and the Crony Capitalist system is running full stream now. Republicans just want to create jobs and give choice...
1	I don't believe anyone could have predicted that.
1	Don't break the circlejerk. Trump was a bad choice. Therefore Hillary MUST have been the good choice and wouldn't have done anything that Trump is doing.
1	Yeah, let's totally give the fuck up because we're spineless pieces of shit.
1	Because it's government regulation and that has always led to bad things in the past
1	Yeah turns out they don't like it when you run to Home Depot and buy a box of Cat5e and tie it to a rock so you can sling it up around the neighborhood's poles and have 400 cables coming into your bedroom window plugged into a dozen Linksys switches.
1	Thankfully, 90,000,000 of us didn't stay home and allow republicans to gain majority control in ALL branches of government.
1	Don't give them ideas, they pay eighty monkeys to think of this crap!
1	When do our democrat saviors step in?
1	That's how you weed out the Muslims
1	make it capable of nothing but tweeting?
1	I really don't see how such a law can easily be co-opted by a political party that wants to silence dissent around a certain crisis going on in Europe
1	The mainstream media, obviously. With their stellar track record you should accept no substitutes.
1	yea, I can't see any possible way this could backfire at all
1	Same like the Global Warming, this is some hoax made up by the poor scheming American Society of Civil Engineers trying to scam the tax payers' money.
1	we elected Trump, he's the best. He said so himself.
1	Replace as many human jobs as possible with robots.  Can't see any flaw in *that* idea.
1	Yeah! Letting each and every citizen have heavy weaponry surely won't cause any other problems! They'll only use these advanced firearms to defend themselves. Promise!
1	Don't you know about the long history of systemic oppression against Australians in America?
1	Neither was Ted Cruz. not
1	Maybe hold out for Chelsea?
1	What? Nooooooo, capitalism is supposed to give people a voice! If we do away with social programs, the market will protect the consumer!
1	That didn't stop Obama!
1	Neither was Obama.
1	But these will never be hacked.  Futurist fanboys say so and futurist fanboys are always right.
1	Would you steal a car?? Theft is serious, even in the cyber
1	Man this guy is a genius
1	Because, idiot, it's how you win arguments.
1	Which one will be the villain I wonder
1	Yeah! Like that child sex ring that podestas been hiding! Pizzagate is real!!11!
1	Yeah. Gotta wait a bit. The Watch is probably still spotlight indexing
1	That's 1080p right?
1	Thats because we deserve it.
1	It couldnt happen to a more competent organization.
1	No, you should just get over it
1	Nah, can't be that, people are just sexist.
1	Yeah but atleast crooked Hillary will be in jail!
1	But that's 6.5 million homes worth LESS of sun that it absorbed! Your going to kill us ALL!
1	The goodyear tire lobby is going bribe the government to mandate these be installed countrywide.
1	Well this is the last straw to finally cancel my Yahoo account. I've been meaning to cancel but been lazy to do it. I just got to figure out which accounts are assigned to the email and try to figure out my password. I guess I should ask the hackers, seems they got it figured out.
1	Time to switch to hotmail!
1	The solution is stupid.  I would have shown the remaining time as twice as long but just run the clock faster (i.e. an hour finishes in 30 minutes).  Everyone will be happy -- users get longer battery life and they could finish their work day in ... half of the time.  Wow
1	That just makes them smart.
1	By tying everything to the google cloud. Because a single point of failure is so much safer than a bunch of little ones.
1	They will be the thinnest servers you've ever seen!  Available in Rose Gold, Gold, Silver, Black, Jet Black
1	1mm makes all the difference if it fits in my backpack or not.
1	But it steals energy from the sun! What will we do when the sun is used up?
1	Obviously that is what I meant.
1	Dude, we're trying to wallow in our righteousness here!
1	Hurray capitalism!
1	If I am not running every single kind of stress test at once, am I really using my computer?
1	Alright guys well lets not even try any more then. Let's pack it up and go home.
1	Are you against us manufacturing?
1	Yeah cause I totally want the Lockheed Martin plant in my home town to lose jobs.
1	Yeah, fuck those American workers that Lockheed will potentially have to layoff because of this.
1	I think we're onto something here guys!
1	Yeah, he should just sit back and continue letting Congress piss away our money.
1	You elaborated and gave such a wonderfully insightful review of the surface that I simply can't understand why I just downvoted you.
1	Because that's the only reason people buy iPads.
1	Any more than 1 is an extravagence!
1	This can only end well
1	Surely after all the mistakes they're making they'll be the first to admit they're wrong. Right?
1	But you can send an emoji from the keyboard!
1	Oh people with tons of money are going to do something good for the earth? Great not a moment too soon!
1	This was the plan all along
1	Good, good. Now tell me that reality has a liberal bias
1	One percenters are so mean and evil!
1	Haven't you heard? Any form of wealth distribution = communism.
1	And then go buy more price-gouged dongles for my 2 bluetooth speakers, workout headphones, study headphones, TV speakers. No big deal!
1	I'm so glad we banned war, it was just so shitty. Luckily we all agreed to stop doing that.
1	Says the guy who's worked for who? Oh wait, you should know, you read stuff on teh internets and watch TV. Yeah, an authority obviously.
1	"what you talking about, its because of ""negative press coverage"" the NSA are the good guys right?"
1	this is like the 100th new battery development till now this year, nice!
1	People in the article comments talking about edge. Edge is the tool you use to download an actual browser.
1	People ignore the overall product when some core features are missing or suck? Shocking.
1	Yeah there's no hyperbole in that statement
1	That metaphor doesn't represent the situation. It's more like the car is unlocked in a locked garaged: it doesn't take a lot of skill to break in, but it definitely requires malice and a team with the knowhow. But no worries about robbing the house, nothing there was touched*, we only went after the stuff in the unlocked car (by golly, what an idiot!) which exposed person X. See, I dun good!
1	The government would never do anything bad
1	I don't believe some stupid college named Cornell. #notmypresident
1	Legaly yea, its not like the army got away with warcrimes over and over
1	Lol,  yeah if there is one thing Americans have sympathy for its transgendered folk.
1	Yeah, didn't you see that reddit post? The title said.
1	Its done for because *I* don't like it!
1	And this is useful because a majority of people have a choice in ISPs.
1	Didn't we say that when the big companies got together to set industry standards for internet? Looks like we'll be just fine, then.
1	You'll never own a Fortune 500 company.
1	Well, I don't know about everyone else, but I am SUPER EXCITED ABOUT THIS MERGER!!!
1	Because the KKK are super loud/vocal right now and all over the place with their social media and the like.
1	I'm sure that would never happen.
1	Galaxy Note 7s already implemented something similar to this
1	Another failed Kickstarter, what a surprise!
1	But regulation is bad for business!
1	some blog he read!
1	Sure, I'll just contact my personal representative I have in my back pocket through all the hundreds of thousands in campaign contributions I provided.
1	HA! nice try, I do actually need this phone to be the coolest person at school.
1	As a matter of fact I did, cause I is smart.
1	Don't you understand??!!! Blocking ads is literally STEALING content!!! You are killing the internet!!!
1	The iphone line is finished, Apple will never recover....Oh theres an iPhone 7S coming next year? Where do I preorder?
1	"Is apple going to patent the ""no headphone jack"" and go after Samsung?"
1	No no no millions are living with high speed Internet get it right!
1	But just think of the possibilities until we reach that point!
1	Hopefully we can save these jobs by buliding a wall. Maybe if we defund Nasa, we can pay the employees that won't exist because it's all automated
1	And we all know how smart CEO's are, because only the smartest employees get promoted that high.
1	How many women does he follow on twitter though?
1	Yeah! Zuckerberg should've beaten Musk.
1	Wow I'm so surprised the police are using shady, immoral, and illegal tactics to get their way.
1	So then her arm just blew off from protesting too hard. Ok, case closed
1	Worked for Hoover at the end of the 1920's
1	Sprint?
1	MBP users should try that Fijian app.
1	"That's because ""Free-Healthcare"" Canada is communist!"
1	Sure. Trump is all for net neutrality and press freedom
1	"No problem. 100 new ""online charter schools"" which will easily provide 100K people with ""Hacker Extraordinary"" diplomas. Why wait till 2020... mr Trump and new secretary of education will have it done by next Christmas"
1	So absolute. As if using it as a guide wasnt an option. You should be in charge of things.
1	islam is an evil ideology poisoning our culture.
1	"Yeah - after all - they gave the ""Kenyan"" guy a really hard time"
1	But the FBI would never abuse it's power, they're the good guys.
1	Don't worry, Donald Trump is gonna save all the jobs through negotiations, deal making, and tax cuts! We have this all figured out now! No problems!
1	We're not outsourcing your job. You're just training the people who will do your job, and one day you won't work here anymore.
1	Yeah, you're right, better to dismiss fuel cells because of the cost of hydrogen than to begin adopting the technology and looking for ways to reduce the cost of hydrogen.
1	Yes that has direct correlation
1	Except for when he sneaks out to dinner without notifying the press.
1	WHAT?!?! NO WAY?!?!
1	But then what would all of our political class do if their jobs are taken by the plebs?
1	A model law just waiting to be brought to America.
1	I don't know how, but the liberals can be blamed for this
1	Well if they can't censor the internet, how will they stop their political opponents from organizing?  So you can see, they have no choice.
1	someone's got to be above the law, or there's no purpose of having laws in the first place
1	Yep, I remember it. They will keep pushing this shit too until we can elect some politicians who have a backbone and the interest of their constituents at heart. Not going to happen soon in other words.
1	Well I heard he printed out the before &amp; after comments, then stomped all over the hardcopies
1	I'm sure it will totally make the porn business safer for women all around as well
1	Fantastic.
1	I disagree. This isn't about porn at all. They're flexing their arms to see what they can do without being called out. No one would publicly go on Facebook with their own identity to defend porn. Those who would are often looked down upon and not taken seriously because obviously they're just rabid horndogs
1	But guys, Hillary couldn't be trusted. Right?!?
1	Wooo! This 4 years are just gonna be great. And this is just the beginning
1	Next time we should turn off water, electric, and 3g/4g signal too to show the support with the strike.
1	I'm sure the event was inclusive to all views on the subject matter and employees that held different beliefs didn't feel compelled to attend.
1	Haven't you heard?  'Evolution' is just a liberal commie dog whistle that is being used to wage war on Christians.
1	Perfect time to invest in stock. Are they public?
1	The best way to demand change is to annoy people and inconvenience them.
1	No way, I was soooooooooo getting off that plane, Idc some people were detained, like that's so frustrating I couldnt get a taxi for 60 minutes
1	Yeah but how many birds did it kill???
1	How dare they notify you of your illegal activities. Lol
1	Technology is in the name of the university
1	Simple: Don't implement any security measures, that way anyone can control it -- therefore guaranteeing it'll almost certainly always be under someone's control!
1	You need a reddit gold account to view this comment.
1	But we kill the cows so problem solved!
1	It was loosely based on real events.
1	let's vote in a businessman with 0 political experience and billions of dollars worth of cash that's extreme to one side with the blind hope that he'll fix everything!  that sounds great.
1	Burning an innocent Cuban seems highly inappropriate, and you have no idea that Cubans were involved.
1	Clowns creep me out, they should be illegal
1	Fuck you for sharing your perspective on Reddit. Don't you know your kind isn't allowed here?
1	Getting scammed in the land of the Nigerian prince! Didn't see that happening!
1	But the searches are totally reasonable because as you know, all people are terrorists until proven innocent, right? I mean, if you have nothing to hide, why should you care if the government breaks into your house looking for evidence of wrongdoing?
1	Nope, it's all Bush's fault. Thanks!
1	Good.  There is this crazy person claiming to be president that tweets out the most ridiculous crap you can imagine.  The FBI should definitely investigate him.
1	and nobody saw the abuse the patriot act would bring upon us all
1	How would we protest without Twitter?  We wouldn't know anything.
1	Yep, and all the factories in the rust belt are going to start up again, creating hundreds of thousands of new union jobs with pensions.
1	"A spokesperson for Apple claimed that the move comes after executives felt that ""their customers just didn't seem douchey *enough*""."
1	Come on Trump, time to start taxing downloads in order to make apple come back to the U.S.!!
1	That is so innovative!
1	You dare question form over function?
1	Not to Murca? WTF Donald, do your job
1	"It doesn't have to make sense, it just has to sound good. It's the same kind of idiocy that was spread around about Net Neutrality. I had family members say to me ""but net neutrality stifles creativity and hurts the nice companies that let us surf the internet"" and I'm like where the hell did you hear that?! Oh, right, Comcast/Time Warner/AT&amp;T execs. Sure, they're trustworthy"
1	But, socialism! Competition is capitalism! I mean, the government should just provide one great internet service for everyone! The people's internet! Viva la volkstranet!
1	Fuck Trumps rights and everyone else's that supports him.
1	Obama let the gays marry and anything he did that wad bad was because of congress/bush.  He was perfect and youre just a deplorable white male
1	Your assumptions are right and there is no point in even thinking that you're assumptions are wrong.
1	We should break them up.  It worked last time.
1	you are right, I'm racist, but Donald isn't.
1	I thought the down arrow was supposed to be used to indicate Trump supporters and up DNC supporters... has Reddit been lying to me this whole time? You know for organizational purposes.
1	We walk the yellow brick road to see the Wizard of Capitalism!
1	Gets whiter and holier the further away you are from the coasts.
1	Shillery emails REEEEEEEEEEEE
1	I have. My dad works in the copper mining business and hates how many EPA regulations his industry has to abide by in order to, you know, avoid damaging the land for generations to come. All those rules make his job harder in various ways that he hasn't ever really clearly stated. But everyone knows that making it easier to extract useful ores from the earth is a much higher priority than having a care for local wildlife or the purity of the watershed.
1	No shit? You don't say.
1	"Gee I wonder if that's altruistic, or if the GOP has received ""incentives"" to help them decide what's right?"
1	But didn't we stop the oligarchy with the election?
1	But both parties are the same!
1	But they're the good guys!
1	Well Adam Sandler tried to do his part when he made that movie.
1	Because Apple doesn't make bad decisions
1	If you make everybody buy their own system and copy of the game in order to play together you make 2-4 times as much money though. Where's the downside in that?
1	I'm sure we can get these workers onto something cleaner, like coal.
1	But doesn't my makeup make me look presidential?
1	Why not both!
1	Oh no, a foreign country making trade deals with their geographical neighbors, how horrible
1	You forgot a few buzzwords such as xenophobic, transphobic, ableistic, terraphobic, and the likes.
1	We can't let China win more than we do!  Even if it means we have to lose big!
1	Man, if only these guys had gone to school and received an education, then they wouldn't have to worry about their jobs.
1	What about wind? There's a finite amount of wind after all
1	All this research they wasted time on. They could have simply filtered by accounts that use Windows phones and assumed that they are bots with 95% probability. Since, you know, there are like 2 WP being used in the world.
1	Well corporations are people too remember
1	Only five times overcharge? Damn, you aren't being sharky enough there buddy.
1	See, that's what I hate about the anti-animal crowd. First, it's stop eating them. Next comes, stop having them.
1	"This just in ""Trump tags CEO of Comcast, Brian L. Roberts,  to head the Better Business Bureau"""
1	Because he held a flag up, obviously!!!
1	No, you have to respect the other side, no matter what. The republicans could call for a bill that makes indoor plumbing illegal, and you'd have to say that their reasons are valid.
1	Fuckin' hippies!
1	The zombie apocalypse that will undoubtedly result from said meat.
1	Yeah, I'm sure it's just the media portraying how these people are and not their own testimony
1	Why?  We're all gonna be RIIIIIIICH!@#!@#@!j#!@#@!
1	No. We should wait and see and still give him a chance until 2020
1	Please, we have a narrative to build here on Reddit. Take your reasonableness elsewhere
1	You're so right, instead of voting for an issue I am passionate about, I should single-handedly change the entire political system of the United States
1	No, really??
1	True, seems that intelligence agencies and companies in the US are *totally* concerned about our privacy.
1	It couldn't have happened to a better company.
1	It's called the future.
1	Maybe we'll all just block each other out and finally know peace!
1	Lack of a true police state and Orwellian surveillance is the primary reason America isn't great anymore.  Once we have these in place, America will be great!
1	Hey now, shit's gonna get fucked up enough with brexit without claiming that the ROI isn't in the uk.
1	Well you wouldn't have a problem with it if you didn't have anything to hide!
1	And as we all know now, that bill is TOTALLY DEAD and is never coming back. Democracy!
1	Is this just the manning stuff?
1	That's perfect, now whenever's there's an attack we can rest assured that 'Right Wing' terrorism is more of an issue
1	Why would you need or want to know what information your production database server is sending to Microsoft?  Nosy?
1	"By ""bike lane"" I assume you're referring to curbside parking?"
1	All journalists, all the time, are always under complete and full control of their editors and the people who own their outlets. Editorial or journalist integrity never happens.
1	Hahahaha, yeah that makes a whole lot of sense.
1	Yes, because it makes sense that Google has death squads murdering investigative journalists.
1	One more vitory for the small guys!
1	Yeah, because Trump is objectively better!
1	Bu-bu-bu-but, Reddit loves Bernie! Are you telling me reddit isn't the whole US?
1	hey now, he's changed!
1	I'm so glad you alt right conservatives saved us.  It's such a narrow path we must follow to avoid utter annihilation and you are only shepard through this valley of shadow and death.  We are SOOOOOO lucky to have you.
1	He's clearly just trying to help the little man and clean the swamp
1	Smart light bulbs are the future bite your tongue
1	'the year of the Linux desktop' is going to be this year
1	Republicans sure love free market competition!
1	I heard manufacturing in space was quite easy!
1	And several hundred strains of lethal viruses.
1	"Because important information has never been suppressed by labelling it as ""false"" or ""a hoax"" and this has zero chance of happening in the future because reasons."
1	But think of my historic housing! A tower would completely ruin the aesthetics of my area.
1	"My point being that I'd really appreciate it if Windows 10 ran in a way that allowed it to run games that well *all the time*. The ""screwing"" is how it's not able to do that. But hey at least our simple system utilities like calc ask us to rate them and start super slowly."
1	Become a high level software engineer, move to california, get a job at facebook, work your way up the corporate ladder, and then enact the change you want to see! Otherwise, you're not allowed to complain about the abuses of multi billionaire dollar corporations
1	There will be a mandatory ad before the game starts.
1	Praise our Orwellian overlords
1	Yeah let's let him back into the US so he can be murdered
1	Maybe they've learned their lesson and decided to put some effort into the story.
1	Obviously not. He did run the most transparent administration in history.
1	"[according to what most people are saying] Also ""womeeeeeeeen"" because Snowden sure loves his Russian ""womeeeeeeeen"""
1	Oh he lied!? Rot in snow.
1	Oh dear, Putin must be quaking in his boots! I wonder what's the mood in the Kremlin now, eh?
1	But he made Joe Biden cry with an award! You're focused on the wrong thing!
1	9/11, duh.
1	Well when 90% percent of the FOIA requests are for your birth certificate, I can understand cancelling them.
1	Buhhht! Don't worry! It won't count against your data cap like Hulu live or Netflix!!!
1	As a musician... I can't stand streaming entities. That one one-thousandth of a cent per play is really worth it.
1	Just give this administration a chance, guys.
1	Genocide and surveillance are basically the same thing!
1	Didn't you know? Because other companies have done it before!!!
1	Is it still a crime if you pass laws in a secret court to make it legal if you do it?
1	Gotta preserve the right of agencies of the U.S. government to behave like the S.S., no?
1	More Syrian Refugees!!!
1	Guys, he is way ahead of you. it's a honeypot.
1	Nah, a single VPN is entirely sufficient!
1	This seems like a complete waste of money.  They already use biodegradable targets!
1	Wow, you guys does not sound like butthurt fanboys at all. I'm sure Apple will release MacBooks and phones soon that are expensive as always, but way better than the competitors to justify the price.
1	But the liberal media controls all the telecoms, and they'll start charging people to access wholesome, truthful, conservative media.
1	Ah yes, for every person we kill we plant one tree. Fair trade, we can do no wrong.
1	Plus, it's Canadian Dollars, right? They're what, $5.99 a pound?
1	They're literally identical people duh Republicrats are all the same Ron Paul 2020!
1	Hey, a dead enemy and a dead bystander is still a dead enemy.
1	"FTFY ""US Army wants to wage environmental warfare by planting invasive plant species in enemy lands"""
1	Well if you get exploited or hurt you probably deserve it
1	the new administration will clean this up
1	That's going to put a real dent in their profits
1	I hate Comcast but now I get cable from some different company called Xfinity. I bet they'll be totally different.
1	Great now they can play all the sweet, hit games available for the Mac with that sick GPU!
1	This is 100% accurate because there will always be someone in the car so it never needs to park while you're at work or sleeping or in the shop
1	Don't forget that guy who got ptsd from shooting an ar15....
1	But ubuntu ruined that poor girls life and she had to drop out of college!!
1	People are surprised by this? I thought everyone knew this. My cousin got busted by the Geek Squad when his computer broke, he had a tech come out and take a look at it, they found child porn on his computer and called the FBI. My cousin did 6 years in the state pen and while granted he shouldn't have been downloading and supporting that nasty af industry, I still can't believe the US government gets the Geek Squad to do their dirty work for them. Seems like an invasion of privacy to me, but apparently we don't have rights to that kind of thing in this country anymore
1	They took Johnny Ive?
1	Definitely because Verizon is always thinking about the good of its users
1	Well corporations are people, just like how pizza is a vegetable. So obviously their opinion is important to.
1	"So the key is to get everyone using crazy amounts of data so that the ""normal"" amount gets higher.  Got it."
1	Nice try, government.
1	Let's fix the bug by making the clock on the laptop goes twice as fast to double the battery life.
1	Yes, worrying to not get over a limit every time I need to access the internet is so much better. Internet wouldn't be fun without the challenge. Thanks! Take my money.
1	I pay $100 a month and get 2 gigs of data. For some reason my Android OS used 458mb of data this month so I went over by 500mb and have to pay $10. Canada is friggen sweet for that
1	So happy Verizon tells me what's best for ME. Never again do I have to worry about what I wan't to do when this company has my best interests at heart. Thanks VERIZON!
1	Yeah, cause Microsoft always listens to user concerns.
1	An HP with heating issues? Shocking.
1	Dude this is breaking news
1	and everyone knows once USB-c is the standard they will just immediately throw every other USB cable and device they own in the garbage, definitely no benefit in a laptop having both USB-C and USB-A or anything, just like people have no use for a headphone jack now a days
1	Well obviously it after the OS constantly checking how much battery was left that caused the drain.
1	Brietbart, clearly.
1	This is a political stunt to help Clinton!
1	But the intelligence agencies have made massive improvements since then and wouldn't lie to the American people again!
1	Yeah because there's no fraud going on at PayPal any more.
1	I got an idea when they refresh the AirPods sell a little thingy that goes on the end of them that allows people to wear them as earrings.
1	see,  this is why we need deregulation!
1	Because selective breeding has worked so well for dogs. Great idea.
1	Yes, better pay 10 million now and be safe. Everybody knows that NOBODY gets away with underpaying/not paying any wages to college students. Buying a 10 million dollar logo saved them billions in the long run
1	Yeah, but Ford is an American brand with American values, not some VW foreigners who should pay for breaking our rules!
1	A new thing to add racism about, good idea.
1	but we can dig our way out by cutting-taxes still right?!
1	Ya, you can see how far we've come against racism
1	2020, wow so soon!
1	Obviously, the rich children are rich because they virtuously invest their spare time in learning and self-development, while the poor ones squander theirs on idleness.
1	Ya, look how much we fell apart when we got the cotton gin and assembly line
1	Nah man. That guy has played every rom ever for the NES. He knows what he's talking about.
1	Yeah what is the point of any technological advancement ever?
1	Yeah, that wall is definitely getting built.
1	God forbid a company do something good and get some recognition for it. That would be down right awful!
1	Because it would be wrong to invade their privacy, obviously.
1	The Obama kind of illegals.
1	Sure. ...because finding credible information on net neutrality is so hard.
1	Oooh, leaves more gas for my Hemi powered pickup truck
1	Cause Russia blocked them!!!! Damn Trumpites!!!!
1	In today's standards, it will probably be up for an award since they actually have a source and didn't mine it off Facebook.
1	Oh, hmm I thought we couldnt do that anymore
1	Hold on, a full size HDMI port on this one and another manufacturer increased the thickness by like 1mm to make the battery larger? What year is it? It is almost like they start to make their products more useful... why? Apple makes their products less and less useful, why aren't the other manufacturers following? Strange world.
1	"doesn't matter how he chooses to spell ""debt up to my eyeballs"""
1	They need to remove the ports to keep the lines clean.
1	"""But, my choice is superior."""
1	shit, those came out in 2013. Basically prehistoric at this point.
1	Does this make up for all the exploding jetliners and ruined Christmases due to fires?
1	Also found the courage for micro SD
1	Oh yeah, wait for 16k next year!
1	That's real courage, I didn't think anyone used headphone ports anymore?
1	But America doesn't deserve to know the shady and probably illegal stuff the DNC and Hillary's campaign did!
1	Yes, because the only reason to have a nicely designed and aesthetically pleasing phone is to show other people. There's no way I would want that for personal satisfaction.
1	If they needed more room for the battery they should of just removed the headphone jack.
1	Yes apple, please give us pentile displays
1	I don't understand why my DSL is so slow
1	You tell them. Also, to remind everyone, the human brain can only process 30 fps, anything more than that and you are just getting scammed. When will these marketing wars end. Won't anyone think of the children.
1	But new industries will emerge, which will actually create millions of new jobs!!! Just look what the automobile and assembly lines did!!!
1	Porn will never be the same
1	Clearly you don't understand just how overwhelmed they are!
1	with how dangerous black people are, maybe we should make a white only share ride system too
1	Who would have thought? All of the analysts said it would be a great success.
1	You seem to know a lot about bitcoin. I'm interested in what else you have to say about it.
1	Well that name certainly isn't going to shape attitudes and stereotypes or anything.
1	These Note 7 joke articles are still SO interesting
1	are you trying to say that before the internet people talked to STRANGERS? that's crazy, why would anyone leave their house? i was pretty sure before the internet everyone just went to work, came back, and beat their wives or something
1	Feels good to finally have a well informed not corrupt president
1	But they claimed the DNC hack was done by Russia so obviously they are just Obama's puppets
1	Ah the ol reddit hug of death
1	But they said they wouldn't
1	Easy, assign a USSS agent to escort the courier. With the added benefit of job creation.
1	You dropped this
1	Just ask Hollywood how safe the courier business is.  And they employ their own couriers via PAs, VIP assistants, transpo, etc.  Yeah, no screener has ever been leaked while in transit.
1	That would be ridiculous. Bikes are for children and have. Our legitimate use on the roads of our nation.
1	Apple is worth about 3x more under Cook than it was under Jobs. Customer satisfaction is at an all-time high. Yeah, he's running the company into the ground.
1	Why is it always an indian kid?
1	Trump is a jobs creator! Couriers for everyone!
1	A small price to pay in the fight to rid the world of Fake News!
1	Yeap, just a few phones which ended an entire model's production. No biggie
1	Oh my God! It's finally happened, apples finally going under!!
1	Jobs was so in touch and that is why he was good at leading the company.
1	But we don't need them anymore.  Because this one union a friend of mine worked for had some lazy people near the top and were hard to fire.  And it was like.. corrupt in that way.
1	jesus, what a thick laptop. How did they expect that to amaze anyone?
1	Yes because the wall Street Journal is so credible
1	If you wanted to bundle up those commercial loans into products and resell them you probably really don't want a human to look too closely at what is in them do you? This is brilliant!
1	When have they done that before?
1	The sun will eventually explode, and then what will we do?
1	That might because they never seemed to have any lanes open in the first place.
1	It's almost like government subsidies help industries succeed that show promise for the future, but need to compete in the present market.
1	All the more reason that the big government needs to get behind the Coal industry, so much more room for growth and advancement!
1	You mean the same way that users were able to easily opt out of installing Win 10?
1	Okay, which one is it?
1	Yeah, it would suck for consumers to actually gain more rights for a change
1	They have Fox and breitbart though the only not-fake news sources.
1	cos that has always worked out so well!
1	That is a great way to convince people to agree with you. Call them names.
1	Gotta keep them trans out the bathroom!  MAGA!
1	This will be good, so very good gor consumers.
1	Yes, it's so much better for comcast to control the internet.
1	Christ.  What a good man!  Protecting random business, I mean sure they'll help him in the long run.  But this is great.
1	No don't say that! The Democrats care about us! They always have our best interest at heart.
1	Just like the last administration who appointed a corporate crony that opposed Net Neutrality at every turn.
1	Thanks, Obama!
1	This can't be right! I've been told time and time again by sub mods that no one is paid to post or vote!
1	"""I firmly believe that these ISPs should spend their limited capital building out better broadband to rural America"" - I guess I missed how this affects utility poles regulations. My bad."
1	But it's too hard for a smaller company to disclose this information before you sign up,  these new rules make it so that even the small company can earn a little bit of money while no be bogged done with useless reporting.
1	this is stupid it'll never work, they shouldnt try, and kill themselves
1	Vote Trump, fuck Shillary.
1	Let's see, **both** higher prices and more ads.  Isn't that wonderful?
1	So idiot Obama and Bush?
1	I was being glib, but the other million and two ways to run malicious code via bad software and drivers obviously won't work cause these compute clusters are patched everyday
1	Epicor huh... can't imagine how that could go wrong
1	Wait... is this trying to imply that this previously-unheard-of cooperation between the American executive branch and Russian government is more than just a one-off thing by one guy?  *No*, say it isn't so!
1	My civic is gonna look so fuckin dope
1	2017 is the year of Linux
1	But who even needs that pesky progress when you have coal?!
1	Nah, let's just keep kicking the bucket down the road.
1	Any minute now, that supply-side economics will kick in and we'll all be rich!
1	Don't worry guys cuz we will all have a basic income by income by then
1	But that's welfare! Better to just let em starve.
1	I don't know, man, they cited some pretty quality sources like The Examiner and Drudge for this totally objective piece of journalism.
1	So apparently it's time to make selling used cars illegal.
1	They should have a climate survey and make employee moral a measurable criteria for the companies goal share/profit share.  That's what we've done.
1	Everyone can launch rockets with a bit of money!
1	I'm sure they will be safe, Takata changed their airbags
1	ROFL good post
1	"""There are plenty of former female engineers that call sexism"" well surely it couldn't actually be a problem, they must be just making it up for an excuse to quit jobs"
1	The same system is currently used to detect fake news.
1	Come on man, it was her turn!
1	Because in today's world you can't feel shame. It's bad. Shame makes people sad. It's certainly not a necessary emotion that everyone needs to grow stronger mentally.
1	YOU DON'T GET IT DUDE, HE **LIED** TO IBM ABOUT HAVING AN OS!!
1	Yes, we can only be victims
1	This kind of thing could never happen in the US.
1	Come on, who hasn't heard of Satya Nadella?
1	On what ground? Battery?
1	Wouldn't investors just quit investing and become plumbers at that point?
1	See? This is why we need a one-world government!
1	You're a skittles shill aren't you
1	Zuckerberg pontificating in support of his business and business model. Color me surprised.
1	Naw, man. All mean people and bad environments are conservative conspiracies.
1	They will sell their name to the Chinese TV manufacturers, just like RCA, Westinghouse, JVC, etc.
1	But people change their minds! So they have to revisit everything ever so often!
1	"It's free market in the sense that the lack of protections and regulations allow for companies to crush their competition in any means possible as long as money is involved. That the thing libertarianism and laissez fare capitalism espouses. These companies are intelligent, rich, and ruthless enough to ""compete"" by buying politicians, that their merit and deserve to be rewarded as such right?"
1	I'll wait for VR ala SAO (sword art online) minus the scrambling your brain bits.
1	Yup, you beat the liberals ,that's all that freakin matters!
1	I can't wait for NN to be ablolished, so that you'll need to pay 10 extra dollars to access Reddit.
1	We should let the market decide. And by market I mean let big telecom companies legislate their way to regional monopolies and keep out competitors through unfair business practices.
1	Fuck them, if he sees a Reddit thread he can comment whatever he wants without reading the article.
1	Its not like hackers can just steal and release that private information or anything
1	oh yippee! another messaging app
1	America needs to give up with this sort of technology and leave it to the Chinese freeing up America to burn more coal
1	No worries, Redditors from UK will know about it. The protests will be tremendous.
1	You mean the job creators
1	What? You don't appreciate the entertainment of exploding batteries?
1	That's all nice and dandy but guys we got to focus in raw real issues, dem Polish immigrants stealing our jobs and sharia laws being implemented everywhere! Don't mind the cameras, the enforced police, the government spying on you...remember it's all necessary to stop the Muslims
1	don't be ridiculous. We have to tackle the welfare problem and illegal immigrants..they are the real vultures here.
1	Global warming is the biggest threat to our world. Because it interferes with good business. So this guy is pretty much a terrorist.
1	That makes sense. There must be balance in both aspects.
1	I mean Hitler had good intentions, because actions don't matter as long as the intentions are good, right?
1	Right so its not the drivers fault for being wasted and (probably) driving too fast anyway, Its not the oncoming traffics fault for being in the wrong lane, its not the person who let her drive the cars fault its definatley teslas fault for making a fast car. Not like sporty cars are supposed to be fast amiright?
1	Nope, no way, not ever.  You dare to question your benevolent corporate overlords?
1	Well you know, it's not his or his daughter's fault that the government forced her to purchase and drive a Tesla. Tesla needs to design their cars so idiots don't kill themselves driving drunk.
1	We're the worst, and should be ashamed that we were born.
1	How else do you get promotions?
1	It isn't murder if it's collateral damage
1	...except if it's a gun. Then you should be able to sue the manufacturer!
1	Please, you're making it sound like they're supposed to protect and serve
1	We should make alcohol illegal, clearly people have no self control.
1	Nope, intoxication has nothing to do with it, car is too fast for drunk drivers to drive drunk
1	yes, lets reduce a situation we are not privy to and some potentially negligent behavior into a rhyme so that we can more easily denigrate others.
1	At which point he'll sue the legal system for having been permitted to bring such an outrageous lawsuit in the first place.  Who needs a legal system where you can sue for anything?!
1	If this passes, I am suing Lamborghini and Ferrari next.
1	You mean you can't literally pull a semi truck several blocks, or frame carry 1100 pounds? Looks like you need more cheesecake factory.
1	Yup if I crash my WRX it's definitely the turbo's fault
1	You must live in California
1	Because gas powered cars couldn't possibly catch fire, right?
1	Yeah man maybe we should have some kind of nanny state telling us what we can and can't do and what we should and shouldn't be able to buy in the name of protecting us.
1	Especially brown ones abroad. I mean, are they even *people*? I mean, really?
1	The trick? Put the sensitive info in the Kids Graduation slide presentation. Ain't nobody got time for that.
1	No! I don't care! I paid for unlimited and I should get the full speed unlimited everywhere. Even if every T-Mobile subscriber is on a single tower! Apparently unlimited doesn't mean unlimited!
1	big list of tech companies there.
1	Software as a product, software as a service, software as a contraceptive. Just download an app and you won't get pregnant. 100% effective.
1	I'm sure it's just evangelical propaganda to get birth control banned.
1	Thank god there are no democrats who love the wealthy or big corporations! Just imagine what it would be like if Hollywood were democrats!
1	just take everything you see and hear at face value.. whats the worst that could happen?
1	Since people are too stupid to spot fake news and it's really bad for them, Apple and the like should protect us by making sure we are never allowed to see it.
1	You're fun at parties.
1	Yeah fuck those guys who voted for Bernie Sanders, that no good independent.  They just keep reelecting him too.
1	Yea doesn't bode well for their crebidility
1	We should let the market decide.  And by market I mean let big telecom companies legislate their way to regional monopolies and keep out competitors through unfair business practices.
1	That's un-American. They should be building miniature coal fired power plants.
1	Don't be silly.  People will just switch to one of their many other internet providers if a company did that.
1	Look what facebook did to Egypt. The Internet must be contained, controlled, and have full domination by the USA. We can't have a government topple because of the Facebook and the internet.
1	He's recouping it on Ivanka's merchandise.
1	Some do. Because what else do you need a smartphone for?
1	Because history has shown that nothing works as well as when the government bans something
1	Why do we need solar when we have CLEAN coal?
1	Obviously the risotto recipe.
1	probably because you aren't distracted by coughing up coal
1	We should see if Cliven Bundy and his friends are available for a protest.
1	Bigly fake news!
1	But Trump is going to fight for coal and get those jobs back!
1	Not for long! Thanks Trump!
1	Fake News
1	But... But... But... My favorite politician has so many conflicts of interest which result in him benefiting from the production damaging sources of energy, so...
1	Yes, but does it make the rich a whole lot richer? I think not. Therefore I will support coal as fuel because the Koch brothers spent a heap of money telling me I should.
1	Solar jobs, or as some Trump supporters might say, 'clean coal'.
1	Dammit, now all my design clients are going to insist that their shitty 100px wide photos are just fine to use as a hero unit background image on their website.
1	You don't get it, he's motivating them to work!!!!!11!!!
1	This latest regime sure loves making transparency easily accessible!
1	Thanks Trump!
1	I mean, why *wouldn't* they want to hear from the populous... right guys? Guys???
1	What is faxing?
1	Japan.  How dare you!
1	Vote alternatingly red and blue and vocally shame third party voters every time!
1	hey there, this isnt the place to be reasonable! Go take that shit somewhere else!
1	Don't those eggheads know that Trump knows all? No one tells Trump what he can or can't do! Not even science, okay, because Trump makes the science, the best science! MAGA!
1	when they reach the point they riot and set fires to protest for their personhood.
1	no no you don't get it. I want to graduate with zero practical knowledge about jack shit (beyond some theory I memorised at uni) and still get the job because they should know I'm so smart and will just learn when they train me.
1	But the government shouldn't be in the business of helping and supporting people with regulations, education, and social programs.  That's the way to communism.
1	He hates the environment.
1	They're not looking to prop up clean coal, obviously they hate oil
1	good to see technological progress being made!!! :)
1	Naw, it just means you are too poor to pay to see the law you are accused of violating.
1	There's a workaround for that, if we used another lighter-than-air gas that's much more abundant we'd be fine, I think Hydrogen would be a decent substitute.
1	It couldn't happen to a better bunch of people.
1	Now the next market crash can be completely automated! How convenient!
1	Great! Now, these damn illegal immigrants are trying to take our Wall Street jobs too!? Build that firewall!
1	Unemployment up 90%!........progress?
1	Right the most unanimously hated president ever is gonna get a second term
1	But Mexicans can't get into our country. Isn't that the ROI!
1	Wait!  Wait!  They told us this wouldn't happen!  They told us this wouldn't happen!
1	There's some starbucks' windows that need smashing!
1	Ah yes, the age of literaly using the National Guard to violently end labor strikes and help your employer sieze your own home for not showing up to work. What a libertarian wetdream.
1	Fuck humans. Who needs em.
1	Wow,  he has reviews from Time and Forbes magazine, looks like a legit business!
1	Some of us remember PMRC witchhunts, telling us she wouldn't push for healthcare or banking reform because of who was funding her campaign and disapprove of her warmonger voting record.  But go ahead, keep calling us sexists and misogynists instead of addressing our concerns.  Worked so well last time
1	They see it as allowing businesses to offer more products at different price points.  Therefore allowing more business to happen, more jobs more money for everyone involved.  How could it possibly be wrong.
1	Because Benghazi and her emails.
1	Fuck you and your facts. My feels say Obama was terrible.
1	6 feet deeper! Make the Muslims pay for the mass grave!
1	Well, he and Wheeler are the same. Both parties are the same. Trump and Obama are the same.
1	"""But government regulations are always bad for business!"""
1	This is great for Apple!
1	Exactly.  You're being irrational.  Take an aspirin.
1	He's missing his
1	Just equip them emission efficient Volkswagen  diesel engines.
1	It's like von Braun and Hitler all over again.
1	NO! It's more sensible to stop all talks with the president and moan and complain when he does something the opposition had no say in!
1	Now if we could only get the Musks to beat the crap out of the Bannons.
1	You won't do 4k anytime soon, with the caps in full force. Welcome to the future!
1	Dude, regular lightbulbs don't have enough pixels. You probably use some pleb SD crap that barely lets you see the light coming out of the bulb. WHAT A N00b!
1	But Trump has all the best people?
1	Don't you realize that the Democrats, the same party that was looking to resurrect ACTA, SOPA, and PIPA, are going to be our heroes?
1	And commercial nuclear fusion power plants, too!
1	What a nightmare having to with with someone that isn't totally subservient and wants a competitive wage.
1	But muh free speech
1	guys, I accidentally entered rm -rf after reading this article, what do I do?
1	Yea, cause isp's are always so honest with us and totally ok with making a little less money to behave ethically.
1	Brilliant. Let's have a patchwork quilt of state laws that protect us unequally instead of one federal one. You don't like it? Move to a state that gives a damn.
1	Who needs privacy when there's money to be made? Besides, I have nothing to hide!
1	Probably about as effectively as the PDF format made books extinct in the 90s. I mean, dream weaver almost killed off web design professionals, didn't it? This new thing is surely the final blow.
1	Yeah, never mind the numerous other landings. It was faked.
1	Yea, it's really crushing start ups here in the UK, we can't get any employees because they're all flocking to google in silicon valley!
1	MN is pretty socialist. We also offered up Keith Ellison, who was widely backed until... Whatever, I didn't follow it too much, I'm salty enough. Minnesota rocks tho, besides the weather in the summer. And in the winter. And how we're closing mental health care facilities... But besides those and probably other glaring issues Minnesota is okay
1	Your probably on to something. I mean these guys trying to make cheaper re-usable space travel vehicles don't know a damn thing about what they are doing or whats cost effective!
1	Because we're not really broken up. She just needs to understand how much I love her.
1	How's the meth up there?
1	No, it's fake news. I'm not going to explain or justify that, but you can trust my expert opinion as a professional idiot.
1	Wow..Can't wait for Illinois to do this!
1	Ok ignore the truth that certain people will never use technology because you're sticking to your ego. have fun with that. Everyone's experience in life matches yours right? If your family uses and embraces technology then so does everyone.
1	Now you're overreacting.
1	But technological, right?
1	Fantastic use of trees.
1	But all those tracking methods that get you all the way down to your first name are totally anonymous and can't really know that because anonymization. It's all a coincidence.
1	"New from Comcast: ""For an extra 20 dollars a month we won't sell your data. And for 40 dollars a month you can also get the new"" fast lane"". """
1	Cause ads are designed to work on a purely conscious basis.
1	Yup because one party rule is awesome.
1	You don't understand - corporations are people and money is free speech, so it's their first amendment right to bribe politicians!
1	Yeah! Citizens United free speech in action!!!!
1	Oh yeah, Trump will save us
1	Free speech, not paid speech.
1	How do we know they didn't vote the way they did because they thought it was a prudent course of action, and the right thing to do for their constituents?
1	Well I'm glad my rep, miss joni ernst is standing up for woman rights and equal pay by making sure she was towards the bottom of the the bribe takers.
1	And people say the Republicans cant get organized and pass legislation!
1	Give it a few years, we're working on making the tides higher
1	That's too logical too make sense. FOX NEWS 4 LYFE!
1	Clearly this means the ISPs will lower our internet bill now that they can sell our data to marketers...right? I mean...right?
1	But the unanimous third party!
1	Well the Senate list doesn't sort by amount correctly. But I tried using the search for Republican and Democrat. The list didn't change on Republican and returned no results for Democrat. Maybe the search is broken as well?
1	Hand it off to SpaceX?
1	Only commie socialists work from home
1	You can't even see his taxes from the past decade, why would you even ask this
1	Filthy white matriarchy!
1	Calling your representative sure helped
1	But the republicans will stop the SJW!
1	yeah its not their fault they are choosing to work for scum bags who want to sell off your privacy, they have no choice.
1	Yeah they all suck! Let's vote out Sanders, Warren and Franken!
1	You're all just sexist
1	Sure glad that Donnie Trunko drained the swamp.
1	Yeah lol, not like one bit lol. lol.
1	As long as we can rant about it on Reddit, we will be fine.
1	Great job reading the article!
1	Happy Tree friends ruined a generation of kids or so...salad fingers was pretty good as well. Kids these days know nothing of Internet horrors
1	Trivial. First analyze the traffic to find the worst offenders that cause jams, then go kamikaze. A small sacrifice for a large gain.
1	Can we stop treating criminals so badly? Criminals are human beings and deserve human rights too.  How many people do you think stole something from a shop in their life? Well, guess what? They're criminals. Guess we should take away their right to privacy and right to vote for the rest of their life
1	Because old people bad and stupid and won't live to see the effects of their actions on the younger generation
1	Its ok though soon you guys will be free of the smothering influence of the EU commission and the EU courts and you'll be free to follow your own path withe theae people as your guides!
1	Its ok though soon you guys will be free of the smothering influence of the EU commission and the EU courts and you'll be free to follow your own path withe theae people as your guides!
1	Yeah.  F-- California.. who needs 'em!
1	I still think Cali will turn purple in 2020 just like Texas did last year.
1	Just look on CNN the only real news network, duh
1	Because the US hasn't supported dictators or overthrown democratic leaders for its own interests
1	Parasitic sea lice?  Why did Noah let them on the fucking boat?
1	the constitution is a law and laws are just regulations and therefore bad
1	Yes, I'm sure they could just go to another ISP.
1	I was unware Silicon Valley is only capable of handling one issue at a time.
1	Wow what a great advertisement, OP!
1	Remember, kids, both parties are the same!
1	But any company that wants to can compete against them....
1	BUT THEYRE ALL THE SAME
1	oh wow, thats so different!
1	"""BUT GUVVERMUNT ARE PROTECTING UZ FROM ZEMZ IMMAGRUNTS! THE CUMMIN OVER HERE TECKIN OUR JORBZ WITH THERE RAY GUNZ!"""
1	Both parties are the same!
1	Finally! We've been wasting such a golden business opportunity that has absolutely no downside for consumers!
1	That is why you should never criticize them or mention any issues you encountered.
1	What could go wrong... this worked wonders to Yahoo
1	Yeah, basically everyone gets rear ended stopping short but that one guy that was gonna run the light too late and get T-boned winds up just crashing into whoever crashed there first and not dying.  It's a net gain
1	Because it's either wind and solar or coal, nothing else
1	what? you value personal happiness over buying things? get a job, hippie!
1	Who needs to live on Earth when you can go to Mars?
1	Wow, I'm impressed that he actually signed off. Guess Bill Nye's speech worked.
1	Hey, anyone else remember what happened to that last president guy who made goals for having humans on another celestial body?
1	Because information on the climate of planets, and how it changes, won't be *at all* relevant to understanding Mars.
1	Wow trump trying to be like Darth Vader now taking over space
1	"""No bro, don't you know if it's anything we like Trump couldn't have possibly done it"""
1	Yeah full x86 tablets with core processors such garbage
1	With help from Niantic
1	Oh my god this is fascism in action right here.
1	Everything I read about Windows 10 makes me realllly want to use it.
1	Are you saying you are siding with a pedophile? Think of the children you sicko!
1	But he's alt-right so that means he's a nazi!
1	NASA secretly funding the KGB?
1	But it's child porn. The laws don't apply for child porn
1	What the fuck is wrong with MS? Spoiler; [everything.]
1	STi rates are already ridiculous, a 2007 Subaru STi still goes for over $20k+
1	Not like Google didn't cannibalize that feature right out of their other crowd sourced traffic and GPS app, Waze.
1	but it's telling kids it's ok to have sex and that's the devil's work
1	Yes, we've all seen the success of abstinence as a birth control option.
1	Good thing the EU seems to be dissolving now.
1	Yes, let's give all the control to someone who's ONLY accountability is to their shareholders and their bank account!
1	oh man, guess all those people who will want to bang will have to wait 30 years cuz the engineer can't figure it out
1	Agreed. Anyone who disagrees can look at Venezuela for evidence. Clearly they know what they're doing over there and all other countries should follow suit!
1	No I don't!
1	"What is this new OS ""Linux"" you speak of?"
1	Don't worry - you won't talk to a doctor because you have a tablet!
1	Click on the Additional Software application on the launcher, click on the checkbox next to the proprietary nvidia driver, click install. Yeah, that took a degree in computer science let me tell you
1	yep, after 2-3 people die at one, people will learn through the ~~FAKE~~ news media all about it so we'll have a true free-market!
1	Ye dinnae ken whit the fuck yer blabbering aboot ye yap o shite
1	There's no way the NSA CIA and other intelligence apparatus will find this useful and deploy it domestically to spy on everyone.
1	Facebook technology distracting?.... Obtrusive? Noooo way!!
1	I guess disabled people just hold society back then. What a waste of time and money to accommodate them.
1	"It's a ""Promo"""
1	Trump.  The winning goes on.
1	DAE authoritarianism is bad guise??!!!?!111111111 lel lets not have a nice orderly society and punish those who don't follow it
1	But that would mean people would have to change their life style right now! Impossible!
1	This is incredible! So you say, I can become anyone in the internet, even a Russian?
1	Maybe they are in fact hosting Wikileaks to distract the populous from something far worse!
1	"Funny, 100% of middle managers and ""consultants"" agree that open floor plans are ""amazing and wanted by all staff"" . . ."
1	With auto-correct!
1	Open office floor plans was just a gimmick to save on non recoverable equipment costs. Why buy cubicles or doors for offices when you can just... Not? Amirite?
1	But if they're left alone, how else are their ideas and energy going to be stolen?!
1	Gee, that's a surprise!
1	Yeah, workers having some power to negotiate as a group and having some leverage with the ownership class, what a horror. So much better for the little guy to just bend over and take it.
1	b-b-b-b-but jobS!
1	God I hate living in Indiana sometimes. Susan Brooks making us Hoosiers proud
1	Whattaya know, 13 people of a party are representative of all people.
1	Don't worry guys, decades of slow cession of rights won't come back to bite us.
1	All republicans. That's surprising
1	If they cant how are you supposed to know all the benefits you can receive from the important information and valuable offers generated by their trusted partners?  Its a benefit to everyone!
1	nice counterpoint there.
1	For real tho! CEO's starve like a mofo. Their fucking annual salary is sometimes $1.00!! Can you believe that?!?!?! HOLY FUCK!
1	On Windows, shocking
1	NOT A SINGLE COAL JOB CAN BE LOST...WIND IS NOISY AND KILLS BIRDS...CLEAN COAL IS THE ONLY WAY!!!!!
1	I'm very concerned, if we start utilizing all of this wind for energy are we going to have enough left over?
1	Let's subsidize the ladder!
1	CTR has just found new ways to spend it's time.
1	lol right? times and circumstances never change just lazy young people these days amirite?
1	Every single last one of them is a Republican.  Shocking!
1	Oh, you fake news makers! You evil Nazi White supremacist, Drumpf-Supporting, propaganda spreading, Russian troolls, truth-hating concern trolls. How you dare to question these millions of legit CNN or Barack Obama followers! Just because everyone does not agree with your fake news, Russian-planted mind propaganda, White supremassiist... itt..sttt... .. ist.. it... it just fake news is. How you dare to think that all these followers of these truthfull honest politicans and media accounts are not real followers? Just because you are well more educated and know how to change your profile image and add a description and just because you discriminate people based by some useless studies that in reality are fake news or just because there are millions of accounts Egghead pictures doesn't mean that they are bots! Better go watch a bit of CNN, type in #Resist and be chill! How you dare to question the truthfulliness and freedom in these social networks on whom these hard-working developers have worked so hard.. How you dare to question so hard-working, hard-supporting, good followers! Evil Nazi Drumpf Supporter, thing-questioning, ARGHH
1	But... But both parties are the same! Don't look behind the curtains! Don't vote!
1	And look... They're all Republicans. Shocker!
1	I'm so surprised they are all republicans.
1	Yes, let's discuss hillarys emails instead and how they're equally bad.
1	But republicans and democrats are equally bad.
1	Woah woah woah woah WOAH!  Let's not make this a political sub!!!
1	Basically all from southern states. Shocking.
1	Immigration is clearly the problem. Maga!
1	Almost all of them men...I know, it sickens me too
1	Especially all those Trump supporters.
1	The timing (as is seconds between lookups) or the micro-payment values going back and forth are just an innocent coding method used to pass video game cheats.
1	True, it's pretty safe since no one is using it.
1	Well if you get in now, and get 3 people to work for you, you'll be on track to definitely be in the middle, if not the middle-top.
1	You're all jumping to conclusions, cyber is very hard
1	OMG! Russian connection confirmed!
1	Coal + lithium storage is from what i hear mother natures best friend.
1	Thats not discriminatory at alll
1	psssshhh when has anybody ever used physics before?!
1	One bit.
1	so is this part of some master plan to install batteries all across the world and then hold it hostage Dr Evil style
1	...but her emails
1	Dope, hopefully the provided companies won't use US intel to further their own platform and only support the US public.
1	Yeah, everybody else is just being hysterical except you.  No doubt about it.
1	Maybe it will finally be the year of the linux desktop. . .
1	"Even on all of our business machines! This is sooo ""Professional"" and ""Enterprising"" of them!"
1	Yeah but Google is just so *cool*!
1	But the CIA tells me that will enable terrorists to kill Americans. We *need* these backdoors for our safety.
1	If only the British hadn't voted Donald Trump as President of the UK, we wouldn't be in this mess!
1	So just toss privacy in the trash while we're at it?
1	I didn't think that needed
1	Too late.  You've been chipped via vaccine.
1	But what about coal.  It's clean isn't it?
1	Well there's still Yammer, which is just great.
1	Clearly just a 'flash in the pan' we will be back on coal any day now.
1	Wikileaks is fake guys! Dont you know? Its all fake russian news from a child rapist!
1	Funny how this is release as more and more news about Trump's ties to Russia is revealed...I'm sure Russia had no influence on that one.
1	That must be why they removed the headphone jack and the MagSafe connector, they were known attack vectors.
1	I should have added an
1	Yah, fuck the people it's the CIA who is the victim here.
1	"Uber is terrible. Whenever I go to a city I ALWAYS go taxi first. Taxi taxi taxi, that's all I take. Sometimes you wanna get to your destination, sometimes you wanna go in the most dangerous and expensive way possible. Uber is never going to make it with their market altering ""technology"". Think of all the poor taxes cities aren't getting!"
1	No. What if a Republican gets the seat when I fire my representative?
1	Great explanation, thnx.
1	its alright though, CIA are the good guys
1	You've forgotten Wikileaks is a kremlin publishing house and this is propaganda
1	Well that's good. Why were there rules to let Internet providers secretly sell my data in the first place?
1	Oh poor me, I'm a slave and you're so free.
1	And he's running as a Republican, right?  Everyone knows that the more educated among us (with all our fancy degrees and shit) vote Republican.
1	They should totally add an in game replay system, have all heroes unlocked from the start, no external gameplay affecting runes and the ability to deny!
1	Now we can crack the NSA's wifi password and do some real damage!
1	Yeah!  Well there are no real statistics if you exclude all of the sites showing real statistics!  Checkmate, motherfucker!
1	Wow...glad we figured that out. What a relief... Thanks Facebook!
1	I just love stories that leave you hanging
1	No sorry there just isn't anymore room for debate on this!
1	Doesnt WebMD already diagnose cancer over the web?
1	It pissed me off, i now had to pay to water my lawn mid-day and while it was raining. Fucking liberals, always taking away our freedoms
1	Ya that works.
1	Nuclear power is safe!
1	Can't we just make them outta lead?
1	Yeah, land is sooo important. Lets ignore the added safety and the lower death tolls to protect the land!
1	He's a black and white Islamic extremist who also happens to be part of a black gospel Christian Church who also was born in Kenya.
1	I think Combine harvester's should be taxed because they replace manual farm labor harvesting.  Food should be harder to get and more expensive than it is now.
1	Aliens. Everything is so clear now.
1	But nuclear energy is safe
1	Do they have to be confirmed by the Senate? If so then they probably won't be able to work until October based off on how slow the Senate is currently going.
1	ooh my god no how can this be i am so shocked that this could happen never saw this coming what a shock.
1	Clearly you should be drawn and quartered for something most everyone does daily.  Population control, Darwin's law, et cetera.
1	Wow I had no idea.
1	Keep your opinions to yourself please.
1	Come on dude, think of the NSA?!?!?!
1	Only I get guns
1	nah it wouldnt cause the sun itself would turn into gas and then you'd have to bring it back to earth and use it.
1	But think about all the coal jobs we'll be losing
1	Listen, if poor kids don't have the foresight to invest in robots, why is that anyone else's fault?
1	Oh my! Well then I'll take one gold, please! Hell, make it two golds! I'm feeling spendy!
1	What about the e-cat or Orbo!!!
1	2017: the year of Linux!
1	Yeah, if only Elon could find some time to work on renewable energies and storage solutions.
1	Too cliche, nobody would actually do that, what is this, a movie?
1	And the NSA works carefully to make sure you don't!
1	Nucleotide solution will join printer ink on the list of obscenely overpriced fluids in the home office.
1	Who needs a cheap H1B visa system if you can make people code for free.
1	Sorry you are dirty foreigner
1	I see you use Connectwise hosted as well! My techs were very productive yesterday afternoon
1	Well, In all fairness it is freedom.  Freedom for the ISP to do what they want.  Who ever said the FCC is there to protect consumers.
1	It's Apple. Every shit happens to them is relevant for the rest of the World
1	What an insightfull and well thought out comment. You truly made a point and furthered this discussion
1	Both parties are the same
1	But how are they supposed to make any money that way?
1	You forgot this:
1	What is this face-book thing that people keep talking about?
1	Free market guys - you failed to invest in having laws written to destroy your competition, and now you're crying to the government. Typical liberals.
1	Wait I thought the GOP was all about free markets.
1	Yes, because an Emmy for writing comedy is truly an excellent measure of intelligence
1	I'm absolutely ecstatic for the billionaires.
1	Looks like Trump and his people are looking out for the little guys like they said they would.
1	Bernie or Bust!
1	you want your cat vid on youtube to have priority over vital medical records moving over the tubes???? you brute!
1	no. the TSA is a part of the government which has our best interests in mind and implements the best programs for your protection. You just hate America and want terrorists to have free reign on our soil.
1	Good thing the removal of Title 2 is around the corner so our ISOs can fuck us for the missing revenue.
1	OMG I KNEW IT. ALIENS ARE INFILTRATING OUR TELECOMZ! WHERES MY TINFOIL HAT?
1	Nobody watched WWE
1	"Hey, if the ""President"" can lie left and right... everyone can do it."
1	"O great, the thing that is ""always listening"" and connected to the internet now as a camera. This won't end badly"
1	Blast processing is back!
1	Moral people use Streampix
1	Where are all the comments about the Verge being shit? This is obviously a terrible article!
1	Yea, the safety critical vehicle design systems I design are super low risk
1	But regulations hurt the job creators!
1	You have now opened the door for me to mock my national guard associates.
1	Don't see many CEOs jumping into teaching. Don't understand why. Such a sweet gig.
1	Wait. I thought the millennial were the ones still holding on to cable??
1	If only AT&amp;T had been paid for the update from POTS to fiber during the 1990s.
1	It's plain bread, not white, you racist
1	You mean, 'freeing them up to do more useful things, like start their own businesses'
1	"Give a company access to your emails and they used that information for profit because it was a ""free service"". Wow never would have expected that to happen."
1	Yes, Uber is the only company out there that is interested in your data.
1	Even after bringing back unlimited data?
1	But Trump is evil and we need to stop him no matter what, even if it means becoming the very thing we stand against. Hatred, narrow mindedness, and bigotry is acceptable when applied to deplorables like Trump.
1	Also the soundsport II. I have both the soundsport and the QC35, so I'm excited to get 2 $15 settlement checks from this
1	Oh so it's fine they're doing this then
1	Perfectly fine operating procedure in this new era of deregulation.
1	I don't see how this is an issue, just be careful what you say around your appliances.
1	I dont have to prove you anything, prove it yourself, OK!?
1	Nah, you're reading this from a computer, so it's technology related.
1	**Goddamn Capitalists.**
1	no dude it just makes businesses against the people because they are greedy
1	But we don't need any competition in the public sector. A public sector union controlling the entire workforce of a public service has no deleterious effects on government spending or efficiency
1	Yeah but 3am here is 5 p.m. over there
1	This is just a bunch of hot air created by the liberal media! We need to focus on bringing back those tens of coal jobs. Come on folks who's with me?!
1	They misspelled coal again.
1	In a country of over 250 million only 100,000 blow?
1	I think it should be
1	OMG, he is a conservative.  We MUST boycott Oculus since we disagree with his political views, because he must use HATE speech, and because we are purely the only correct-thinking people.
1	Loving this technology news!
1	Yeah but it isn't *my* kind of free speech, you know?  Free speech is ok only if it aligns with my beliefs.
1	Because iphones are totally immune to all malware, amirite?
1	Haven't you heard? Trump is Satan incarnate. Anyone that associates with him is literally hitler.
1	Lol slowing it down 99.99999% is not cutting it off!
1	I guess this is just more proof people dont want faster internet
1	Just the usual to keep the headphones running smoothly
1	I read somewhere that you can buy fruits in biodegradable packaging at your local grocer.
1	Woah there. Maybe in 2050.
1	Will it block google ads ?
1	Then they will copyright the concept so it will last 50 years after the death of the 20 year old who they got to copyright it
1	Wow, rocket science!  Awesome!
1	but M$ makes all chipset drivers and is a baby wrangler
1	Yeah it's the attitudes of the powerless holding us back, not the actions of the powerful
1	Oh no, what a surprise.
1	But...they are aren't they...?
1	Yeah, paying money to help the services of your local government really is basically the same as paying rent.
1	Probably could have launched this 1-8 years ago, but then it would have been reporting on nothing amiss.
1	Right, like you don't *need* to use a car to get to work, your legs work just fine. Start walking at 3AM and you'll get there on time probably.
1	Oh, no, centralizing power with those that stand to profit a ton from having it is soooo much better
1	Sure, because if there's anything we've seen time and time again, it's that corporations can always be trusted to do the right thing when left to their own devices, so let's go ahead and de-regulate because the free market will see to it that everybody makes out ok.
1	Then don't use Camcast. Nobody has to use the Internet.
1	Such an open president.
1	It's ok guys this isn't bribery. There's no proven link between the money and the actions those politicians take. Citizens United was a smart decision.
1	Oh really? I wouldve expected they got paid less.
1	BUT CORPORATIONS ARE PEOPLE TOO!
1	This is nothing compared to what VPN providers gave
1	Why go to a track when there are thousands of miles of open road?  They're paying a lot for the thrill of driving dangerously fast; we as a society owe them their fun.
1	That swamp sure is being drained
1	Everyone is staring at their phones, cops ask me where im going when i walk in downtown non office hours.if you got nothing to hide dont worry about nsa collective thought. I dont see it at all
1	Their products aren't overpriced though
1	This is 1000% because of Uber leaving Austin
1	But Texas is Evil and not Green and filled with Texans!!
1	What if it's an offer you can't refuse?
1	Only one?
1	Hey, we should put the government in control of communication!
1	This is literally the last thing I expected
1	That was the plan all along. Vpn companies pay off the senate majority and get rich quick.
1	Stop being so lazy and ride your horse to work already!
1	You're obviously unfamiliar with state-sponsored lead piping, rolling for-profit brownouts, and toll roads.
1	Yeah ,just delete the currency and let's all have breadlines
1	Yeah! Replace government officials! Except mine, because mine always has my best interests at heart, but definitely replace all the other government officials!
1	What, it's just a square root away
1	Well, that's lovely.
1	good argument
1	They *always* have our best interests in mind.
1	Yeah but that won't line anyone's pockets, and would only lead to more people being satisfied and happy.
1	Yeh but they said they would limit the government, so, they can't lie about that stuff right?
1	And all this requires is for both the US and Mexico to cede some of their territory to this new quasi-state, and to relinquish their control over it... Yeah, this reactionary congress will love this idea!
1	It's lovely this time of year.
1	Man that one random engineer on YouTube really showed up the hundred people working on this tech! Game over, everybody go home.
1	Republicans will never support building a wall that actually accomplishes something.
1	That's because Obummer was ruining everything so much they didn't even want to be here!
1	Can we just start cleansing the country and build the wall with the dead bodies of all the undesirables? Isn't that really why we voted for him?
1	"So wait, link says ""$15 Billion"", then paragraph two starts off with ""$1 Trillion""? Very misleading. So sad."
1	According to Koch brothers we just need to do away with regulations entirely. Problem solved!
1	Ya, but somehow liberals are bad for the economy and only republicans are hard working
1	Just print moar!
1	But Comcast and AT&amp;T will be such careful stewards of that $45M grant.
1	Even with two tabs open?
1	Maybe if they censor enough tweets the fact that they violently dragged a man from the aircraft will just go away!
1	What are you, communists?
1	"I like how they completely ignored the public and kept the technology hidden until it was ""normalized"" so that they could avoid a democratic debate."
1	Corporations are people.  Too bad, you are not.
1	I bet that increased productivity is being passed down to workers in the form of higher wages!
1	Windows phone, literally the windows of portable devices
1	Yeah this won't get abused . . .
1	Don't worry all that money from those new clean coal jobs will make up for it.
1	For us not other people.
1	Stop victim blaming!
1	This won't ever be abused by pervy border patrol agents to steal nudes
1	ISS confirmed that they could hear it from space.
1	But they wont have EU regulations! everyone will be millionaires
1	thank god the RIAA is thinking of the children
1	Next thing you know people will start being upset and having opinions when their neighbors get robbed or beaten up or something, too! Get a life, people!
1	Why? The internet of things has proven to uncrackable from virtually every type of hack.
1	Problem with the US is its size. We'll always be behind just due to the size. Improving Infrastructure is expensive and when we're what the third or fourth biggest country by land mass it's gonna cost a fuck load. And it's hard to justify it when we have to drop bombs on Syria
1	But all that coal in the ground can pollute the water that's why we have to dig it up!
1	becuase having slaves was nice
1	Because Google has never been shown to take illogical, ideologically driven stances and use their platform to push them before... I trust them completely to only do the right thing with their unprecedented power over the information people have access to.
1	Maybe no one you hangout with. lol
1	Wait, representatives represent people????
1	And any individual who writes encryption software should be arrested and tried as a ~~Muslim~~ ~~brown person~~ terrorism supporter.  ^^^
1	But that just proves that you have competition, because you have DSL. You have decided you want one competitor over another because of a better connection. Free market is working as intended!
1	The train from LA to SD is much quicker than driving and more pleasant.  Pricey, but I'm sure if the GOP privatized it they'd take extensive steps to prevent monopolies from forming.
1	All that plant material wasted on humans.... Much better to use it for biodiesel and save the planet
1	Climate change?
1	No, you don't get it - smart phones were successful so Bitcoin is going to be successful!!
1	Pfft, clearly you are just whining, because you can move to a town with a different ISP!
1	"I simply wouldn't want someone to ""undermind"" my opinions.  You definitely sound like an expert."
1	You mean the alt-right.
1	So that must mean that there is no link!!!!
1	Yeah, those airlines have a long track record of pricing power
1	If you don't like the broadband option offered in your neighborhood all you need to do is move!
1	Is there a wait list to download my porn?
1	yeah, that must be it, not the factual errors
1	i just like being able to plug something in and having it work right away after searching for the correct hardware that's compatible to my computer
1	Hey now. If a politician isn't explicitly corrupt, then they aren't corrupt at all.
1	"Remember, this administration is totally here for the ""long forgotten working class people"", and they're definitely going to ""drain the swamp"" fast."
1	But his campaign was self funded!
1	It's everyone else's rep though. Mine is good!
1	which can be conveyed with
1	Thank god I got an internet connection from as early as 10 when I met the great hacker 4chan so I got all the education in the world
1	"In a ""rare"" move, Apple has decided to remake their one product and all the peripherals for their one product so that we can all go out and buy the new ""correct"" version. Extremely rare. So humble to admit they failed. We should all go buy the new MacBooks when they come out."
1	But but...we get unlimited data now!!
1	The fact that it's unpopular is just fake news!
1	I'm sure this will have no effect on US tourism
1	Simple. Don't be a tough customer.
1	They just don't want to be hurt in their safe space
1	"Comcast is ""updating"" their privacy policy as we speak. Stay tuned!!"
1	He's not lying, you just need to learn to understand his rhetoric.
1	Hooray for poverty!
1	Well, just cut your salary expectations in half and you'll find a job in no time!
1	There will be a flurry of criticism directed at President Trump for this, but we could not have in good conscience elected a candidate who had disgraced herself by browsing work emails at home.
1	IKR, it sounds positively horrible.
1	No way dude! This never would have happened if Trump wasn't elected!
1	You dont understand, both parties are the same.
1	That is clearly because of leftist backed teachers unions.
1	Fukushima, Chernobyl, Fermi #1, 3 Mile Island, Tokaimura, Saint-Laurent, Windscale...totally safe!
1	Are you implying we don't download other people's intellectual property for free with no repercussions?
1	NET NEUTRALLITY IS JUST OBAMA CARE FOR THE INTERNET!
1	But it's child pornography! Throw out all critical thinking and  lynch every suspect!
1	Just go with your gut .. no reason to read anything or talk to anyone who knows wtf they are talking about.
1	So Trump is for Internet communism?
1	We did it Reddit!!!
1	So some company that Trumps campaign hired should have the same access as the NSA to FB's data? Totally equal comparison.
1	Oh wow, it's underwater already? When did that happen?
1	we are not 'unprepared', god is on Trump's side and will protect everyone who believes in him
1	We should arrest you too then.
1	Gun manufacturers should know not to sell guns to places in Chicago!
